preferredLabel;description
manage musical staff;Assign and manage staff tasks in areas such as scoring, arranging, copying music and vocal coaching.
supervise correctional procedures;Supervise the operations of a correctional facility or other correctional procedures, ensuring that they are compliant with legal regulations, and ensure that the staff complies with regulations, and aim to improve the facilitys efficiency and safety.
apply anti-oppressive practices;Identify oppression in societies, economies, cultures, and groups, acting as a professional in an non-oppressive way, enabling service users to take action to improve their lives and enabling citizens to change their environment in accordance with their own interests.
control compliance of railway vehicles regulations;Inspect rolling stock, components and systems to ensure compliance with standards and specifications.
identify available services;Identify the different services available for an offender during probation in order to help in the rehabilitation and re-integration process, as well as advising the offenders as to how they can identify services available to them.
perform toxicological studies;Perform tests to detect poisons or drug misuse and help to monitor therapy by using chemical reagents, enzymes, radioisotopes and antibodies to detect abnormal chemical concentrations in the body.
ensure coquille uniformity;"Oversee uniformity of coquilles; use casting equipment and tools such as welding machines."
Haskell;The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in Haskell.
show initiative;Be proactive and take the first step in an action without waiting for what others say or do.
train staff to reduce food waste;Establish new trainings and staff development provisions to support staff knowledge in food waste prevention and food recycling practices. Ensure that staff understands methods of and tools for food recycling, e.g., separating waste.
apply diplomatic principles;Apply the processes involved in the creation of international treaties by conducting negotiations between representatives of different countries, protecting the home governments interests, and facilitating compromise.
lead police investigations;Lead investigations in police cases, which involves establishing an investigation strategy, contacting experts, being able to use different methods and points of view, and leading investigative staff.
handle fish harvesting waste;Dispose of waste, blood and inferior quality fish according to site waste management procedures.
develop energy saving concepts;Use current research results and collaborate with experts to optimise or develop concepts, equipment, and production processes which require a lesser amount of energy such as new insulation practices and materials.
perform street interventions in social work;Conduct outreach activities by providing direct information or counselling services to individuals in their neighbourhood or in the streets, usually targeted at youth or homeless people.
work with soloists;Communicate with solo artists and concert masters to discuss and prepare for performances.
sport and exercise medicine;Prevention and treatement of injuries or conditions resulted from a physical activity or sport.
conduct research on flora;Collect and analyse data about plants in order to discover their basic aspects such as origin, anatomy, and function.
install heat pump;Install heat pumps, which use the physical properties of substances called refrigerants to extract heat from an environment and release it to a warmer environment, counter to spontaneous heat flow. Create the necessary openings and install the indoors and outdoors parts of the heat pump. Connect electricity and any ducts, and configure the heat pump.
design biomass installations;Design the biomass energy system. Determine construction boundaries such as needed space and weight. Calculate indicators such as capacity, flow, and temperatures. Make detailed descriptions and drawings of the design.
handle equipment while suspended;Safely operate hand equipment while suspended on a rope. Take on a secure and stable position before starting the operation. After finishing, store the equipment safely, usually by attaching it to a belt buckle.
teach housekeeping skills;Teach housekeeping as well as manual skills aiming to improve everyday tasks and life circumstances.
check train engines;Ensure that train engines comply with regulations before commencing a journey.
influence public policies;Communicate with policymakers and provide them with data to convince them to change legislation or allocate funds to a specific cause.
enterprise risk management;A plan-based business strategy that aims to identify, assess, and prepare for any dangers, hazards, and other potentials for disaster, both physical and figurative, that may interfere with an organizations operations and objectives.
manufacture ingredients;Manufacture ingredients such as spices, additives and vegetables.
maintain aquaculture ponds;Clean equipment and treatment tools. Drain and clean aquaculture ponds using brushes, chemicals, and water. Prepare holding containers for fish and change the nets. Conduct swimthroughs. Stock fish in holding units. Collect dead fish in holding units.
apply credit risk policy;Implement company policies and procedures in the credit risk management process. Permanently keep companys credit risk at a manageable level and take measures to avoid credit failure.
handle customer requests related to cargo;Handle requests of port users and customers in the field of containers, shipping arrangements or cargo.
utilise advanced clinical skills;Utilise advanced clinical skills in specific contexts, following specific training, in order to address the client`s needs.
draft scientific or academic papers and technical documentation;Draft and edit scientific, academic or technical texts on different subjects.
Incremental development;The incremental development model is a methodology to design software systems and applications.
use of special equipment for daily activities;The types of special equipment, prosthetics and orthotics used to aid with performing daily activities, such as wheelchairs.
sawing techniques;Various sawing techniques for using manual as well as electric saws.
produce guitar components;Choose the appropriate tonewood, materials and tools, and build the different guitar components such as the sound board, fretboard, headstock, neck and bridge.
operate agricultural machinery;Operate motorised agricultural equipment including tractors, balers, sprayers, ploughs, mowers, combines, earthmoving equipment, trucks, and irrigation equipment.
control pyrotechnics stock;Check the expiration period of the stock in order to remove the already expired pyrotechnics. Place them into special metal containers for further processing.
guarantee customer satisfaction;Handle customer expectations in a professional manner, anticipating and addressing their needs and desires. Provide flexible customer service to ensure customer satisfaction and loyalty.
manufacture wearing apparel products;Manufacture either mass-product or bespoke wearing apparels of various types, assembling and joining together wearing apparel components using processes such as sewing, gluing, bonding. Assemble wearing apparel components using stitches, seams such as collars, sleeves, top fronts, top backs, pockets.
cure tobacco leaves;Remove the moisture out of the tobacco leaves directly after harvesting them through various processes such as air curing, flue curing or sun curing.
develop a rehabilitation programme;Develop a rehabilitation programme to help patients rebuild their skills and restore their confidence.
maintain inventory of cleaning supplies;Follow the stock of cleaning materials, order new material when the stock is empty and follow their usage to maintain a constant supply.
cold vulcanisation;Technique used to repair defective tyres, especially bicycle tyres, and consisting in grinding the area around the tear, applying a vulcanising solution and fixing a patch to seal the tear.
supervise housekeeping operations;Oversee the day-to-day service and cleaning of rooms and public areas to ensure continuous operations.
act as contact person during equipment incident;Act as the person to be contacted when an equipment incident occurs. Participate in the investigation by providing insights.
manage time in landscaping;Plan and implement work schedules to fit in landscaping activities, which include the briefing phase where the landscape project is discussed with a client after which follow a series of sketches, plans and designs.
advise on customs regulations;Give information to people regarding import and export restrictions, tariff systems and other custom-related topics.
manage university department;Supervise and assess the university support practices, students well-being, and teachers performance.
develop terminology databases;Collect and submit terms after verifying their legitimacy in order to build up terminology databases on an array of domains.
assess nutritional characteristics of food;Evaluate the nutritional value of food, including proportion of fats, carbohydrates, sugars, vitamins, in order to contribute to a better healthy diet.
repair electric bicycles;Inspect the functioning of the electrical components, wiring, and fuses. Check for damage and malfunctions and determine the cause. Dismantle and repair bicycle components, such as add-on drives, switching systems, power supply systems and lightning systems. Adjust mechanical and electronic switchgear, drives, brake systems and chassis components. Check the bicycles operating fluids and see if it needs refills or changes.
maintain sorting equipment;Perform routine maintenance as well as minor repairs on the equipment used for sorting waste and recyclable materials.
explain features in accommodation venue;Clarify guests accommodation facilities and demonstrate and show how to use them.
types of barley;"The different types of barley; their characteristics, and quality."
KDevelop;The computer program KDevelop is a suite of software development tools for writing programs, such as compiler, debugger, code editor, code highlights, packaged in a unified user interface. It is developed by the software community KDE.
purchase vehicle parts;Order specific parts required for maintenance and repair of a wide variety of vehicles.
inspect offshore constructions;Conduct regular inspections during and after the construction of offshore facilities such as oil platforms to ensure risk minimisation and compliance with regulations.
transport patient to medical facility;Assist in lifting and carrying of the patient into the emergency vehicle for transport, and into the receiving medical facility on arrival.
adjust envelope cutting settings;Make sure that the right window cutting and patching standard are used. Prepare this by gumming on the blank with a dry patch and on the window material during its conveyance. Adjust on the basis of window, gum, and patch position and level of evenness.
prepare oils;Select the appropriate oils for the client, mix and blend them in order to create individualised compounds with specific needs and ratios for clients, keeping records of applied treatments and the blends used during the therapy.
purchase supplies;"Purchase and replenish supplies; make sure that all required goods are available in stock."
pursue excellence in the creation of food products;Try to develop food products in their most qualitative form possible.
maintain personal hygiene standards when cleaning;Make sure to keep yourself clean and tidy and wear protective equipment when performing cleaning activities, as required by the health and safety procedures of the task or the organisation.
liaise with typists;Give instructions to typists about the addressees, the appropriate format, the number of copies required, etc. for them to type the final documents.
assess railway operations;Review and study existing railroad equipment, facilities, systems and processes in order to improve railway safety and efficiency, increase quality, and reduce costs.
practise extreme sports;Practise action sports considered to have a high level of inherent danger and involving speed, height, a high level of physical exertion, and highly specialized gear.
adopt ways to foster biodiversity and animal welfare;Engage in behaviours that help maintaining stable ecosystems and combatting mass extinction, for example by making conscious dietary choices that support organic food production and animal welfare.
provide chaperone for children on set;Make sure there is always a chaperone present on the set when recruiting underage children to perform in a motion picture.
organise labour;Organise, allocate and coordinate members of the team. Organise production programmes and plan the production and sales. Purchase materials and equipment. Manage stocks.
use glass engraving tools;Use engraving tools which use steel, stone or copper wheels according to the kind of glass or glassware.
operate wrecking ball;Use a wrecking ball to demolish a structure or parts of it. Hoist the wrecking ball into the air with a crane. Drop the ball or swing it in a controlled manner to hit the structure. Prevent misses as the weight and momentum of the ball may destabilise the crane.
evaluate garment quality;"Evaluating stitching, construction, attachments, fasteners, embellishments, shading within the garment; evaluating pattern continuity-, matching; evaluating tapes and linings."
apply for refunds;Make inquiries at the supplier in order to return, exchange or refund goods.
perform a feasibility study for building management systems;Perform the evaluation and assessment of the potential of a building management system. Realise a standardised study to determine the energy saving contribution, costs and restrictions, and conduct research to support the process of decision making.
Absorb (learning management systems);The learning system Absorb is an e-learning platform for creating, administrating and delivering e-learning education courses or training programs for secondary school students.
peform small vessel administrative duties;Fulfil administrative and labour requirements. Plan provisioning, receipt and stowage. Release the ship in accordance with current regulations.
cosmetics ingredients;A variety of sources cosmetics are composed of ranging from crushed insects to rust.
human dynamics as part of hospitality security;The characteristics of human behaviour and human interaction and dynamics to ensure their security in hospitality establishment.
advise on construction materials;Provide advice on and test a wide range of construction materials.
maintain rotating equipment;Perform routine maintenance on rotating equipment to ensure that it is clean and in safe, working order.
manage volunteers in second-hand shop;coordinate a staff of volunteers for duties in a second-hand store.
pump products for storage;Store tanks or other equipment to process bleached paper pulp for further steps in the paper-making procedure.
medico-biological and medical sciences related to dentistry;The behavioral component and the social environment  which impact the health of humans, in respect to dentistry.
attend to detail in casting processes;Attend in the metal processing casting work to specificities and details concerning the quality of the casting and moulds.
biomedical science;The principles of the natural sciences applied to medicine. Medical sciences such as medical microbiology and clinical virology apply biology principles for medical knowledge and invention.
keep up to date on product knowledge;Gather the latest information on developments related to the existing or supported products, methods or techniques.
write Hungarian;Compose written texts in Hungarian.
monitor drilling fluid;Monitor and maintain the drilling fluids, or mud. Add different chemicals to the fluid to perform various function in well operations: keep the drill bit cool, provide hydrostatic pressure, etc.
develop efficiency plans for maritime shipping;"Arrange the most efficient use of cargo space and vessel movement; monitor the number of available cranes and dock space; and assess the physical condition of ships and impact of cargo weight on the stability of ships."
tend packaging machines;Tend packaging machines such as filling, labelling, and sealing machines. Stock and sort products to be processed according to specifications. Replenish packaging supplies as required, such as boxes, cartons, wrapping paper, plastic sheet, glue, ink, or labels.
advise on clay products handling;Advise other workers on the covering of end-products with tarpaulin.
maintain drilling equipment;Maintenance and repair of a variety of drilling equipment.
control tree diseases;Identify diseased or undesirable trees. Remove them using power saws or hand saws.
analyse the artistic concept based on stage actions;Analyse the artistic concept, form and structure of a live performance based on observation during rehearsals or improvisation. Create a structured base for the design process of a specific production.
migrate existing data;Apply migration and conversion methods for existing data, in order to transfer or convert data between formats, storage or computer systems.
manage supplies;Monitor and control the flow of supplies that includes the purchase, storage and movement of the required quality of raw materials, and also work-in-progress inventory. Manage supply chain activities and synchronise supply with demand of production and customer.
human factors regarding safety;The considerations and implications for human safety.
perform roof maintenance;Recommend and perform maintenance and repair work such as fixing broken shingles, replacing flashing, clearing debris and securing the gutters.
types of digesters;This includes the stationary and rotary steam digesters, which cook wood chips in an acid solution to make pulp for use in the manufacture of paper.
define database physical structure;Specify the physical configuration of database files on a given media. This consists of in-detail specifications of indexing options, data types and data elements placed in the data dictionary.
lay stones;Place stone blocks or paving stones, which have been cut to the right size and thickness beforehand, to build stone walls and stairs, to lay pavement or to insert door and window frames.
assemble circus rigging equipment;Assemble and fit-up circus rigging equipment based on instruction or technical rider or description.
manage documentation of prior learning assessments ;Agree upon competencies that are to be assessed. Establish the assessment protocol and develop templates to record the assessment decisions. Establish a communication plan. Distribute relevant assessment documents to authorities, clients, or colleagues according to this plan.
perform oral health diagnosis;Inquire about the state of oral hygiene, perform an examination, do imaging investigations and interpret the findings to set a diagnosis.
geomatics;The scientific discipline that studies gathering, storing, and processing geographic information.
contamination exposure regulations;The regulations concerning exposure to contaminated materials or a hazardous environment which regulate the actions surrounding risk assessment, minimisation of further exposure, quarantine, and treatment of the exposed persons.
Maltego;The platform Maltego is a forensic application that uses data mining to deliver on overview of organisations environment, testing security weaknesses of the system for potentially unauthorised access and demonstrates the complexity of infrastructure failures.
search historical sources in archives;Search archives in order to find the sources needed for historical research.
supervise performers fights;Communicate expectations and targeted results, transmit the fight sequences, and technical aspect of the fighting discipline, etc. Help the performers/dancers internalise the fights sequences and fighting techniques. Supervise them in action and motivate and help them them achieve their maximum potential. Make performers them aware of the associated risks. Get performers to rehearse fights.
develop script bible;Create a document, called the script or story bible, with all the information about the characters and settings of the story.
operate radio equipment;Set up and operate radio devices and accessories, such as broadcast consoles, amplifiers, and microphones. Understand the basics of radio operator language and, when necessary, provide instruction in handling radio equipment correctly.
remove contaminated materials;Remove materials and equipment which are contaminated with hazardous substances in order to protect the surroundings from further contamination and to treat or dispose of the contaminated materials.
inspect paint quality;Inspect paint to ensure it is of a good quality by testing the viscosity, homogeneity and other factors.
styles of boxes;Different styles of boxes in Europe. These are defined by a 4-digit code and specified by the European Federation of Corrugated Board Manufacturers (FEFCO). The styles are more an example of complicated and special box designs.
collect property financial information;Collect information concerning the previous transactions involving the property, such as the prices at which the property had been previously sold and the costs that went into renovations and repairs, in order to obtain a clear image of the propertys value.
trace financial transactions;Observe, track and analyse financial transactions made in companies or in banks. Determine the validity of the transaction and check for suspicious or high-risk transactions in order to avoid mismanagement.
contribute to quality physiotherapy services;Participate in activities that promote quality, particularly in the acquisition and evaluation of equipment, resources, safe storage and supply management.
install radtors;Install heat exchangers that transfer thermal energy to heat or cool their environment. Connect the pipes to the central heating system.
advise on care products for pets;Provide advice on basic care products, such as supplements and vitamins, that can be used on various types of pets.
operate remote sensing equipment;Set up and operate remote sensing equipment such as radars, telescopes, and aerial cameras in order to obtain information about Earths surface and atmosphere.
calculate stairs rise and run;Calculate the appropriate measures for the rise and run of each stair, taking into account the total height and depth of the stairs, any floor covering, and the range of stair measurements that allow comfortable use.
first aid for animals;Animal emergency treatment, including the principles and aims of the provision of first aid treatment to animals.
empathise with outdoor groups;Identify the outdoor activities permitted or suited in an outdoor setting based on the groups needs.
provide context to news stories;Provide substantial context to national or international news stories to explain things in more detail.
circuit diagrams;Read and comprehend circuit diagrams showing the connections between the devices, such as power and signal connections.
draw up artistic production;File and document a production in all its phases right after the performance period so that it can be reproduced and all relevant information remains accessible.
install passenger service units;Install PSUs in ceiling of an aircraft by using hand and power tools.
understand written Korean;Read and comprehend written texts in Korean.
keep records of bridge investigation findings;Register the results of bridge investigations and send them to the appropriate authorities.
sand blasting machine parts;The various parts of a type of sand blasting machinery, their qualities and applications, such as a treadle, blast nozzle, dust collecter, filter, abrasive materials and others.
create model;Create sketches, drawing, three-dimensional models, and models in other media in preparation for a work of art.
follow procedures to control substances hazardous to health;Adhere to the Control of Substances Hazardous to Health (COSHH) procedures for activities that involve hazardous substances, such as bacteria, allergens, waste oil, paint or brake fluids that result in illness or injury.
assess visual impact of displays;"Analyse feedback from customers and co-workers on the visual impact of displays and showcases; implement changes where needed."
select glassware for serving;Choose appropriate glassware for beverages and inspect glass quality and cleanliness.
cardiovascular system;The cardiovascular system including the anatomy, physiology, and pathophysiology of the circulatory system in health and disease.
biosecurity related to animals;Awareness of hygiene and bio-security measures when working with animals, including causes, transmission and prevention of diseases and use of policies, materials and equipment.
check information on prescriptions;Verify the information on prescriptions from patients or from the doctor`s office ensuring that it is complete and accurate.
assume responsibility for maintaining a safe ship environment;Ensure a safe on board environment for crew and passengers.
follow hygienic practices in fishery operations;Comply with the right regulations and practices for hygienically handling fishery related tasks and responsibilities in fishery operations.
supervise work on design planning;Supervise the work in progress at the design stage and on site.
measure trees;Take all relevant measurements of a tree: use a clinometer to gauge the height, tape to measure the circumference, and increment borers and bark gauges to estimate the growth rate.
bend staves;Use various techniques to give the wooden planks the desired curve, such as softening the wood in steam tunnels and then replacing the working hoops with stronger hoops.
select music for performance;Select pieces of music for a live performance. Consider factors such as ensemble abilities, availability of scores and the need for musical variety.
geological mapping;The technique used to create maps that clearly illustrate the geological features and rock layers of an area that may be useful for mining projects and geological explorations.
tend electron beam welding machine;Tend a metalworking machine designed to join metal pieces by use of an electron beam exuding a concentrated heat source, monitor and operate it according to regulations.
ensure infrastructure accessibility;Consult designers, builders, and people with disabilities to determine how best to provide accessible infrastructure.
inspect table settings;Control table settings in order to ensure a correct table setup, including cutlery and glassware.
drive automatic car;Drive a vehicle operated under an automatic, or self-shifting, transmission system safely and according to regulations.
prepare intravenous packs;Under a pharmacist`s supervision, add measured drugs or nutrients to intravenous solutions to prepare intravenous packs ensuring the process is done under sterile conditions.
configure electronic equipment;Ensure that electronic equipment is set up correctly.
Erlang;The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in Erlang.
operate specialised equipment in emergency;Operate equipment such as external defibrillators and bag-valve mask resuscitators, spinal and traction splints and intravenous drips in advanced life-support environments, taking electrocardiograms when required.
plan retail space;Effectively distribute retail space allotted to particular categories.
write leaflets;Create flyers such as recruitment flyers in order to recruit people or publicity flyers in order to contribute to the development of publicity campaigns.
use jewellery equipment;Handle, modify, or repair jewellery-making equipment such as jigs, fixtures, and hand tools such as scrapers, cutters, gougers, and shapers.
taste wines;Taste wines to have a sensory examination and evaluation of wine, and to check wine appearance and evaluate characteristics such as the in glass aroma, the in mouth sensations and the aftertaste.
manufacturing of taps and valves;The manufacture of industrial, sanitary or heating taps and valves.
check sensorial parameters of oils and fats;Check sensorial parameters of olive oils, seed oils and edible fats such as taste, smell and touch.
maintain coquille parts;Carry out minor repair tasks and maintenance of coquilles and coquille parts.
understand spoken Hungarian;Comprehend orally expressed Hungarian.
schedule maintenance of airport electrical systems;Schedule maintenance for each individual element of an airport electrical system. Set the frequency for maintenance of the different elements while monitoring overall airport operations.
provide pre-hospital emergency care of trauma;Provide pre-hospital emergency medical care of simple and multiple system trauma, controlling haemorrhage, treating shock, bandaged wounds and immobilising painful, swollen, or deformed extremities, neck, or spine.
history of tobacco;The different stages and developments of tobacco cultivation, cultural particularities and trading through time.
carry out event management;Plan and execute all the technical and logistical aspects required for an event to be successful.
understand spoken Welsh;Comprehend orally expressed ?Welsh.
manage ICT data classification;Oversee the classification system an organisation uses to organise its data. Assign an owner to each data concept or bulk of concepts and determine the value of each item of data.
keep sheet records;Record numbers of a specific sheet cut sequence by placing serial numbers on stock cut and issued revenue stamps.
work in an economically efficient manner;Perform work processes as efficiently as possible, avoiding the waste of materials, time, and energy as much as possible.
brush rubber cement;Brush rubber cement on closures and valves or on the sides of the already processed rubber plies.
develop leather goods collection;Transform leather goods design ideas and concepts into prototypes and, finally, a collection. Analyse and check the designs from various angles like functionality, aesthetics, performance and manufacturability. Manage the development process of all the leather goods prototypes in order to meet the customer’s needs and to properly balance quality with production costs.
create solutions to problems;Solve problems which arise in planning, prioritising, organising, directing/facilitating action and evaluating performance. Use systematic processes of collecting, analysing, and synthesising information to evaluate current practice and generate new understandings about practice.
analyse cultural trends;Keep up to date with popular cultural trends such as pop culture, cultural and social slang.
assess cage water quality;Analyse the quality of water by monitoring the state of temperature and oxygen, among other parameters.
understand the architecture of a live performance;Identify the choreographic structure of a live performance work. Be aware of sequences, sections, parts and rhythmic structure.
apply electrolytes to cathodes and anodes;Immerse the components anode and cathose of an electric circuit in a electrolyte solution safely, consisting of metal salts, acids, bases, and other ions that facilitate the flow of electricity.
hair cutting techniques;Various techniques that can be used in the process of cutting a persons hair, such as layering, slicing, and face framing.
manage claim files;Follow up on the progress of a claim file, keep all parties informed of the status of the file, ensure the customer receives the damages owed, treat any problems or complaints from customers, close the file and give information to an authorised person or department when there is suspicion of fraud.
rescue animals;Rescue animals found in situations which present an immediate or potential threat to their welfare.
guide ships into docks;Safely guide a ship into a dock and anchor it.
criminology;The study of criminal behaviour, such as its causes and nature, its consequences, and control and prevention methods.
information structure;The type of infrastructure which defines the format of data: semi-structured, unstructured and structured.
climate smart agriculture;An integrated approach to landscape management that aims at increasing food productivity, enhance crop resilience, ensure food safety and reduce emissions and adapt to climate change.
test materials;Test the composition, characteristics, and use of materials in order to create new products and applications. Test them under normal and extraordinary conditions.
update message displays;Update message displays that show passenger information.
operate a forecourt site;Oversee and manage day-to-day operations in a service station forecourt.
unload cargo;Handle safe unloading of goods from transportation vehicles.
photogrammetry;The science of taking photographs from at least two different locations in order to measure land surfaces to be represented in a map, 3D model or physical model.
interact with programmer on intention of consultancy work;Ask the programmer or direction team about the intent of your consultancy work, whether it be to follow and improve the current vision, to build customers loyalty, to address a new audience, to change or re-orient the artistic line, etc. Clarify the extent to which the choreologist should be involved in the development of the artistic vision, programming season, or project, and adapt yourself to different leadership styles.
communicate gambling rules;Inform about the applicable rules and guidelines in force in the gambling industry such as betting ceilings.
control train departures;"Monitor and control departure of trains; prepare outbound trains with the required number of carriages and provide safety assurance."
manipulate dental material;Manipulate materials used in dental procedures such as waxes, plastics, precious and non-precious alloys, stainless steel, porcelains and composites or polymer glass.
forensic pathology;The legal procedures and techniques used to determine the cause of death of an individual, as part of an investigation of criminal law cases.
manage temporary ICT networks for live performance;Manage the set-up of networks for distribution of control signals for performing art and event applications. Coordinates with the different users. Defines and sets-up the equipment, cables, connections and devices. Configures, tests and monitors equipment and performance of the network. Control signals include for example DMX, RDM, MIDI, Timecode, tracking and positioning data, but also audio, video and positioning signals.
techniques of blood-sampling;The appropriate techniques for the collection of blood samples for laboratory work purposes, depending on the group of people targeted such as children or elderly.
hygiene in a health care setting;The procedures related to maintaining a hygienic environment within a health care setting such as hospitals and clinics. It can range from hand washing to cleaning and disinfection of medical equipment used and infection control methods.
design beer recipes;Be creative in composing, testing and producing new beer recipes according to specifications and existing recipes.
finish plastic products;Finish the product by sanding, branding and polishing the plastic surface.
keep up with digital transformation of industrial processes;Keep up to date with digital innovations applicable to industrial processes. Integrate these transformations in the companys processes aiming for competitive and profitable business models.
plan team building;Encourage team members and build a relationship of mutual trust, respect and cooperation.
advice others;Offer suggestions about the best course of action.
perform manual spiral binding;Operate preformed spiral binding in perforated holes of items and hold the spiral against rubber-covered spindles or wringer-like rollers. These further twist the spiral into any remaining perforations.
place orders for orthopedic products;"Order specialised orthopaedic materials and supplies for the store; maintain the company stock."
interact verbally in Bosnian;Communicate orally in ?Bosnian.
emboss designs;Instead of raising a design (embossing) this process recesses the design, forcing the material down from the surface. It produces a different effect or appearance on the material.
monitor flour unloading equipment;Monitor flour unloading equipment and flour processing systems. Ensure ingredients are delivered on time.
maintain statutory books;Maintain updated the statutory books of the company with the relevant information of the directors and secretaries, the directors interests, and the register of shareholders.
wash the laundry;Wash or clean clothes by hand or by use of a washing machine.
organise homecare for patients;Organise care to be provided in the house of a patient who is housebound with acute and/or long-term health problems.
load cargo;Gather goods to be transported and place them in a transportation vehicle.
deliver case notes;Deliver the appropriate case notes in a timely manner to those requesting them.
check quality of enamel;Assess enamel by using a needle. If defective, remove it and repeat the enamel process.
monasticism;The devotion of ones life to spirituality and the rejection of worldly pursuits such as material goods.
understand written Latvian;Read and comprehend written texts in Latvian.
trim excess materials;Trim excess material from finished products with a knife.
respond to changing situations in health care;Cope with pressure and respond appropriately and in time to unexpected and rapidly changing situations in healthcare.
write Finnish;Compose written texts in Finnish.
tend drying equipment;Tend drying equipment, including kiln driers, hearth ovens, roasters, char kilns, and vacuum drying equipment.
manage freight payment methods;Manage freight payment methods in accordance with the procedure that must be followed wherein payment is made around the time the freight is due to arrive, clear customs, and be released.
keep food laboratory inventory;Monitor stocks of food analysis laboratories. Order supplies to keep laboratories well furnished.
tramway regulations;Know the regulations governing tramways and apply these regulations in the daily operations of tram transportation. Ensure that standards are met in relation to safeguarding the well-being of passengers and the tramway company.
rehabilitate worn dentition;Manage tooth caries, defects and aesthetic problems, using techniques that conserve tooth structure and preserve pulp vitality to restore form and function.
coordinate flight schedules;Manage and review flight schedules and aircraft operations before and after departure.
understand spoken Punjabi;Comprehend orally expressed Punjabi.
embargo regulations;The national, international and foreign sanctions and embargo regulations, e.g. Council Regulation (EU) No 961/2010.
set up office equipment;Connect office equipment, such as modems, scanners and printers, to the electricity network and perform electrical bonding to avoid dangerous potential differences. Test the installation for proper functioning. Monitor settings and prepare the appliance for usage.
advise on bankruptcy proceedings;Guide and advise clients on the formalities, procedures and the actions that can ameliorate the losses in case of bankruptcy.
sell processed timber in a commercial environment;Check that the sales area is in a suitable condition for customers and that the stock and materials are in a suitable condition to be sold.
provide technical documentation;Prepare documentation for existing and upcoming products or services, describing their functionality and composition in such a way that it is understandable for a wide audience without technical background and compliant with defined requirements and standards. Keep documentation up to date.
slaughter animals;Kill animals, usually domestic livestock, for food. Protect animal welfare at slaughter by minimising the pain, distress or suffering of animals at the time of killing. Follow relevant regulations.
develop policies for nutritional programs;Develop policies for food service or nutritional programs to assist in health promotion and disease control.
perform live;Perform in front of live audiences.
teach nursing principles;Instruct students in the theory and practice of nursing, with the aim of assisting them in pursuing a future career in this field, more specifically in topics such as medicine, first aid, human anatomy, sterilization, and patient care.
take advantage of learning opportunities in veterinary science;Use different channels and learning styles such as journals, courses, and conferences to obtain new information, knowledge, skills, and know-how in relation to working with animals.
support harmed social service users;Take action where there are concerns that individuals are at risk of harm or abuse and support those who make a disclosure.
SAS language;The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in SAS language.
use an application-specific interface;Understand and use interfaces particular to an application or use case.
design electrical systems;Draft sketches and design electrical systems, products, and components using Computer Aided Design (CAD) software and equipment. Draw panel arrangement layouts, electrical schematics, electrical wiring diagrams, and other assembly details.
weld in hyperbaric conditions;Use arc welding techniques to make welds in conditions of very high pressure, usually in an underwater dry chamber such as a diving bell. Compensate for the negative consequences of high pressure on a weld, such as the shorter and less steady welding arc.
weigh shipments;Weigh shipments and calculate the maximum weights and dimensions, per package or per item, for each consignment.
operate concrete casting machine;Operate the machine that casts concrete blocks, making sure the finished blocks are according to specifications.
promote fitness customer referral;Invite customers to bring friends and family along and promote their fitness activities in their social environment.
audit contractors;Examine and document different industry contractors, in order to determine whether they comply with regulations and standards in relation to safety, environment and quality of design, construction and testing, etc.
fish grading;The method of how fish are graded according to their different characteristics: specification, size, quality and condition.
carry out inventory planning;Determine the optimal quantities and timings of inventory in order to align it with sales and production capacity.
prepare energy performance contracts;Prepare and review contracts that describe the energy performance while making sure they comply with legal requirements.
pass on trade techniques;Pass on knowledge and skills, explain and demonstrate the application of equipment and materials and answer questions about trade techniques for the manufacturing of products.
treat animals ethically;Carry out activities according to accepted principles of right and wrong, including transparency in work practices and conduct towards clients and their animals.
define firewall rules;Specify rules to govern a set of components aiming to limit access between groups of networks or a particular network and the internet.
continuous improvement philosophies;Underlying ideas of quality management systems. Implementation process of lean manufacturing, Kanban, Kaizen, Total Quality Management (TQM) and other continuous improvement systems.
otorhinolaryngologic conditions;The pathogenesis, diagnosis, and management related to the otorhinolaryngologic conditions.
prepare livestock for artificial insemination;Correctly identify stock to be inseminated. Move stock to an appropriate area to be inseminated. Ensure that the work environment is suitable for the safe handling of animals and protection of operators.
operate production drilling machine;Operate a large mobile mining machine equipped with a powerful pneumatic or hydraulic hammer used to drill long vertical and inclined holes for production purposes.
carry out quality control in microbiology laboratories;Perform quality assurance testing of media, reagents, laboratory instrumentation and other materials used in microbiology laboratory.
operate warehouse record systems;Operate systems for recording product, packaging, and order information in specific formats and types of record.
examine geochemical samples;Analyse laboratory samples using equipment such as spectrometers, gas chromatographs, microscopes, microprobes and carbon analysers. Determine the age and characteristics of environmental samples such as minerals, rock or soil.
restore upholstery of classic cars;Preserve and repair/restore the upholstery of vintage or classic cars. Add a new look to the vehicles’ original aspect.
supervise medical office support workers;Supervise the work of office support workers in the medical field such as medical receptionists and support them in any administrative related business.
follow detailed procedures for relocating specific goods;Adhere to detailed procedures required for the relocation of special items such as pianos, artifacts, antique furniture, and others.
cut tobacco leaves;Cut leaves into fine strands using the adequate equipment before drying. Ensure that cutting sizes are according to requirements.
materials in porcelain manufacturing;Characteristics and properties of the different raw materials such as china clay, ball clay, alumina, flint and feldspar used for the production of household ware and decorative items.
remove road surface;Remove an existing road surface. Use the appropriate machinery or coordinate with machine operators to assist in the excavation of asphalt or concrete road coverings.
types of cargo;Distinguish different types of cargo e.g. bulk cargo, liquid bulk cargo and heavy materials.
knitting machine technology;Manufacturing technologies which use loop forming techniques to convert yarns into fabrics in order to form knitted fabrics.
depurate shellfish;Place shellfish into large tanks of clean water that is continuously disinfected to allow purging of physical impurities.
provide humanitarian aid;Provide first-hand aid in dangerous or critical areas to the civilian population, such as handing out food and water, medical resources, setting up aid facilities, evacuation procedures, and ensuring the areas security.
accept criticism and guidance;Handle negative feedback from others and react openly to criticism, trying to identify in it potential areas for improvement.
provide pre-treatment information;Explain treatment options and possibilities, informing the patients in order to help them make well-balanced decisions.
CryEngine;The game engine CryEngine which is a software framework that consists of integrated development environments and specialised design tools, designed for the rapid iteration of user-derived computer games.
organise rehearsals;Manage, schedule and run rehearsals for the performance.
produce materials for decision making;Compile relevant data, write reports and occasionally prepare presentations to communicate information that will help the business management team to take decisions.
manage hospital-acquired infections;Diagnose and treat infections developed in a hospital environment.
coordinate manufacturing production activities;Coordinate manufacturing activities based on production strategies, policies and plans. Study details of the planning such as expected quality of the products, quantities, cost, and labour required to foresee any action needed. Adjust processes and resources to minimise costs.
inspect airfield facilities;Direct and participate in the inspection of airfield facilities - including grounds, runways, fencing, taxiways, aircraft aprons, gate assignments, and service roadways - to assure safety, security, and efficiency of operations and expeditious flow of aircraft in compliance with Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and European Aviation Safety Agency (EASA) regulations.
extrusion processes;The various processes used for extrusion, the creation of objects of a cross-sectional nature, in metalworking, such as direct extrusion, indirect extrusion, hydrostatic extrusion, hot extrusion, warm extrusion, cold extrusion, and others.
supervise employees in food production plants;Supervise employees and monitor product quality at plants that turn raw materials including living creatures, vegetables and grains into products.
fabricate V-belts;Fabricate V-belts by building up plies of rubber and filler.
repair insulating tube winding machinery;Repair broken components or systems of tube winding machinery and equipment, using hand and power tools.
check carriages;Check train carriages to ensure cleanliness before the start of a train journey. Ensure that on-board services and entertainment (if any) are functioning as required.
operate patients with thoracic diseases;Perform thoracic surgery on patients with diseases such as lung cancer, severe emphysema, cancer of the oesophagus, gastroesophageal reflux disease, hiatal hernias, swallowing disorders such as achalasia, and excess sweating, usually of the upper extremity called hyperhydrosis.
assess environmental influences on bovine feet;Assess the environment and how it can influence the health of the bovine foot. Environmental factors include diet, housing, and exposure to the environment.
prepare facade cladding;Prepare facade covering materials such as wood shingle, slate or metal by cutting, drilling, bending or trimming, and use the appropriate fixing techniques according to the material.
typology of meat parts;Typology of meat parts in terms of nutrients, handling processes, way of cutting and managing, and preparations and ingredients that potentiate the taste.
solar energy;The energy which originates from light and heat from the sun, and which can be harnessed and used as a renewable source of energy using different technologies, such as photovoltaics (PV) for electricity production and solar thermal energy (STE) for thermal energy generation.
eating disorders;The various types, pathophysiology and psychology of eating disorders such as anorexia, bulimia, binge-eating disorders and how they can be treated.
operate crosscut saw;Use a blade saw to manually cut wood across the wood grain. Crosscut saws may have small teeth close together for fine work like woodworking or large for course work like log bucking. They can be a hand tool or power tool.
put adhesive on plies;Put adhesive on plies by operating the cement stick on drum edge.
customer insight;The marketing concept referring to the deep understanding of the customers motivations, behaviours, beliefs, preferences, and values that help understand the reasons why the way they do. This information is then useful for commercial purposes.
crimping;The joining of two pieces of metal together by deforming one or both so they fit into each other.
handle bulk transfer of raw material;Transfer dry raw materials using suitable mechanical handling systems like screw feeders, or using gravity or pneumatic means.
critique the dive with the dive team;Assess the dive with the dive team upon completion. Instruct the diver(s) so as to improve procedures and routines for future dives.
monitor crops;Monitor the growth of the crops to ensure the crops are free from diseases, harmful chemicals and organisms.
use CAD for soles;Digitise and scan the lasts. Work with files in various CAD systems. Produce 3D models of soles and create 2D computer aided designs. Grade and obtain the size series. Prepare technical specifications for manufacturing. Produce 2D and 3D computer aided engineering designs and technical drawings of moulds for vulcanised and injected soles. Export the files of the virtual models to 3D printers, CAM or CNC systems.
create 3D environments;Develop a computer-generated 3D representation of a setting such as simulated environment, where the users interact.
perform online data analysis;Analyse online experiences and online data for purposes of understanding user behaviour, triggers of online attention, and other factors that could optimise webpage development and exposure.
create floor plan template;Lay out the floor plan of the area to be covered on a suitable medium, such as strong paper. Follow any shapes, nooks and crannies of the floor.
test paper production samples;Acquire test samples at various stages of the paper deinking and paper recycling process. Process the samples, e.g. by adding a measured amount of dye solution, and test them to determine values such as the pH level, the tear resistance or the degree of disintegration.
manage land resources permits;Study the potential impact of land resource utilisation on water and aquatic habitats. Make recommendations as to the approval or rejection of permits for those purposes.
manage IT security compliances;Guide application and fulfilment of relevant industry standards, best practices and legal requirements for information security.
negotiate with suppliers for visual material;"Negotiate with suppliers on the delivery of visual equipment; stay within the budget at all times."
manage process of flexographic print;Choose and manage the process of printing, necessary tools, and colours needed during flexographic printing. This method utilises flexible relief plates made out of rubber and plastic for printing.
electrical mine machinery manuals;Understand equipment manuals, including schematic drawings and electric circuit diagrams.
footwear finishing techniques;The related machinery, tools, chemicals and mechanical finishing procedures applied to footwear manufacturing.
load animals for transportation;Load and unload animals safely into containers or cages for transportation. Make sure they are secure and safely established in the transport vehicle.
perform venepuncture procedures;Perform venipuncture procedures by selecting a suitable site to puncture the patients` veins, preparing the puncture site, explaining the procedure to the patient, extracting the blood and collecting it in an appropriate container.
load film;Process images and video footage from photographic equipment.
handle refrigerant transfer pumps;Handle the different transfer pumps used to keep a refrigerant in the liquid phase at the right pressure for an optimal accuracy and speed of the charging station.
collect dead fish;Gather dead fish in recipients like tanks and cages.
design sprinkler systems;Design sprinkler systems. Take into account issues of water conservation, existing and proposed landscaping features, and time sequencing of existing systems.
identify statistical patterns;Analyse statistical data in order to find patterns and trends in the data or between variables.
surgical instruments;Series of instruments, such as cutting tools, clamps, distractors and forceps, used for medical interventions aiming to repair ruptured tissues, treat injuries or diseases, and ameliorate bodily functions.
measure sugar refinement;Monitoring the refinement of sugars by measuring the pH level.
carry out products preparation;Assemble and prepare goods and demonstrate their functionalities to customers.
teach archaeology;Instruct students in the theory and practice of archaeology, more specifically in archaeological excavation techniques, human and cultural development, archaeological science, and archaeological investigation.
operate oil pumping systems;"Manipulate control panels to adjust pressure and temperature and to direct product flow rate. Control oil pumping systems; monitor liquid circulation in petroleum refinery."
operate middlings purifier;Operate a middling purifier to remove the husks from the kernels of wheat. This machine is used in the production of flour.
understand the animals situation;Categorise and verify information about the environment and its impact on the animal. Analyse the situation, such as what the animal may want or need.
molecular and cellular immunology;The interactions at molecular level that trigger a response from the immune system.
perform a feasibility study on mini wind power;Perform the evaluation and assessment of the potential of mini wind power systems. Realise a standardised study to estimate the needed electrical power demand of the building, the part of mini wind power on total supply, and conduct research to support the process of decision making.
monitor curriculum implementation;Monitor the steps taken in educational institutions to implement the approved learning curriculum for said institution to ensure adherence and the use of proper teaching methods and resources.
harvest grapes;Harvest wine grapes.
identify the dietetic professional quality of care;Ensure the highest quality of care provided through dietetic interventions and nutrition-based advice.
monitor tank thermometer;Monitor the tank in order to prevend explosion or decomposition due to an accumulation of heat.
workplace sanitation;The importance of a clean, sanitary workspace for example through use of hand disinfectant and sanitizer, in order to minimise infection risk between colleagues or when working with children.
operate centrifuges;Adjust working condition as speed and time of centrifuges according to the requirements of the product in process. Operate centrifuges.
organise harvests;Schedule the planting and harvesting of crops.
transfer kiln-baked products;Transfer the baked products from the tunnel kiln into the sorting area by using a transfer car.
remove snow from airport operational areas;Follow strict procedures to remove snow and ice from the operational and traffic areas of airports. Adhere to the snow plan, particularly in the use of equipment to clear the different areas of the airport.
deal with unforeseen incidents in hospitality;Handle unexpected incidents following the appropriate protocol by solving, organising, reporting and documenting them.
maintain cutting equipment;Maintenance of the cutting equipment (knives, cutters, and other elements).
wet tumbling;Process of tumbling, employing water and other agents inside a wet tumbling barrel to clean and remove burrs from metal parts and stones in order to smoothen them.
calculate optimal time for insemination;Calculate the best time for insemination through monitoring of female behaviour patterns and heat cycles.
translate keywords into full texts;Draft e-mails, letters and other written documents on the basis of keywords or key concepts outlining the content. Choose the appropriate format and language style according to the type of document.
lead the dental team;Act as the leader of the dental team by providing clear instructions to the staff, depending on the dental procedures undertaken.
sterilise working environment;Make sure all working equipment, jewellery and skin is made sterile, before performing skin treatment or body modifications such as tattooing or piercing, to prevent infections or the transfer of diseases.
keywords in digital content;The digital tools to conduct keyword research. The information retrieval systems identify the content of a document guided by keywords and metadata.
apply related sciences to music therapy;Use psychological or sociological elements in delivering music therapy.
legal studies;"The study of law; the situations and causes that elicit responses from institutions in the form of laws and regulations. Some areas of law are civil, business, criminal, and property law."
alter management;To manage and drive change effectively to improve business performance and competitive edge.
theoretical lexicography;The academic field dealing with the syntagmatic, paradigmatic, and semantic relationships within the vocabulary of a certain language.
handle childrens problems;Promote the prevention, early detection, and management of children`s problems, focusing on developmental delays and disorders, behavioural problems, functional disabilities, social stresses, mental disorders including depression, and anxiety disorders.
operate grease gun;Use a grease gun loaded with oil to lubricate industrial machinery in order to ensure proper operations.
demonstrate proficiency in packaging standards;Work in accordance with the latest developments in domestic and international packaging standards and procedures.
advise on consumer rights;Advise consumers as well as retailers and service providers on the legislation concerning consumer rights, what actions consumers may undertake in order to ensure their rights are adhered to, how businesses may improve compliance to consumer rights legislation, and the correct manner to handle disputes.
model medical devices;Model and simulate medical devices using technical design software.
mark film reels;Mark beginning, end, and light and sound extinguishing or increasing markers on the reel.
energy market;The trends and major driving factors in the energy trading market, energy trades methodologies and practice, and the identification of the major stakeholders in the energy sector.
engineer seismic equipment;Develop, try out, adjust and repair seismic equipment.
stack timber;Stack and align timber in neat and separate layers to make it ready for kiln drying.
manage a healthcare unit budget;Manage a healthcare unit budget. Collaborate in budget planning processes including cost of supplies needed for adequate health services and management.
cultivate crops for biomass;Carry out the cultivation of crops for bio-mass, process of crops for bio-mass.
use experience map;Examine all the interactions and touchpoints people have with a product, brand or service. Determine key variables such as duration and frequency of every touchpoint.
protection from natural elements;Forces of nature, such as weather patterns and seasonal conditions, their characteristics and any means of protection against them.
general principles of food law;The national and international legal rules and requirements applied in the food industry.
manage technical aspects of vineyard production;Control the whole production process in teræs of quantity and quality. Decide about new pratices in vineyard and winery by using internal information and consultation processus.
balance hydraulics of hot water systems;Make a hydraulic balancing calculation, calculate and select projects and components in the installation such as A-label pumps, balancing valves.
use a water-fed pole system;Make use of poles fitted with brushes and water dispersing mechanisms to reach windows and facades at heights.
manage sport facility finances;Manage finance in sport and physical activity to achieve the stated objectives for the organisation. Develop a master budget and use this to monitor, evaluate and control performance and take action to deal with identified variances. Delegate responsibility for budgets for clearly defined activities.
identify information needs of young people;Inquire and identify the information needs of young people and adapt services and approach towards their individual or collective needs.
mergers and acquisitions;The process of joining together separate companies and relatively equal in size, and the purchase of a smaller company by a bigger one. The financial deals, the legal implications, and the consolidation of financial records and statements at the end of the fiscal year.
manage government-funded programmes;Implement and monitor the development of projects subsidized by regional, national or European authorities.
horse racing regulation;Regulations related to the maintenace of the health and welfare of the racehorse and rider. This means that the trainers and jockeys meet certain requirements and that horse races run properly and fairly.
captioning software;The various software to create captions and subtitles in a file that is merged with the actual footage, such as Telestream and MovieCaptioners.
place orders for clothing merchandise;"Order clothing items and accessories from manufacturers and wholesale stores; place orders depending on stock needs and availability."
operate tissue sheet binder;Use a machine that unwinds two sheets from two separate rolls and binds them to form a single sheet.
provide medicines information;Provide accurate, quality and safe information and advice to patients, the public and other healthcare professionals regarding medicines, advising them on the safe and rational use of medicines and devices such as the use, contraindications, storage, and side effects of non-prescription and prescription medicines.
cooperate with education professionals;Communicate with teachers or other professionals working in education in order to identify needs and areas of improvement in education systems, and to establish a collaborative relationship.
insert semen;Confirm observation of animals in heat to detect the approach of oestrus or comply with the synchronisation protocol. Insert the semen into the genital tract of the female animal using appropriate equipment and technique for species.
technical equipment for crop production;Methods for service, maintaining and adjusting of technical equipment, machines and instatallations used for crop production
operate warehouse materials;Be able to operate pallet jack and similar motorised warehouse equipment, for loading and storage purposes.
normalise data;Reduce data to their accurate core form (normal forms) in order to achieve such results as minimisation of dependency, elimination of redundancy, increase of consistency.
interact verbally in Occitan;Communicate orally in ?Occitan.
safe use of pesticides;Precautions and regulations concerning the transport, storage and handling of chemical substances that exterminate pests.
respond to visitor complaints;Respond to visitors complaints, in a correct and polite manner, offering a solution when possible and taking action when necessary.
interact verbally in Czech;Communicate orally in Czech.
stock tobacco products machines;Stock machine with materials for production of tobacco products. Take care to provide adequate quantities of paper, filters, glue, and other materials to achieve the daily production plan.
glass tempering;Technique of treating glass with high temperatures to increase its durability and safety.
electrooptic devices;Optical devices, systems, and components that possess electrical or electronic features, such as lasers or electrooptic modulators.
electron beam welding machine parts;The various parts of a metalworking machine designed to join metal pieces together using electron beams, such as the vacuum chamber, primary anode, cathode or electron gun, focusing coil, deflection coil, prism, telescope, and others.
work in an international environment;Guide your career to an international level which often requires the ability to interact, relate and communicate with individuals from different cultures.
inspect silo systems;Inspect silo systems to minimise any harmful emissions during their use.
display betting information;Answer betting queries and put betting information on display.
ensure compliance with port regulations;Enforce compliance with regulations in harbours and sea ports. Communicate with relevant authorities to identify potential risks.
understand written Ukrainian;Read and comprehend written texts in Ukrainian.
theories of personality;Theoretical conceptions of personality, such as psychodynamic theory, humanistic theory or behaviorism.
inspect drilling equipment;"Ensure that all drilling equipment works correctly and safely; inspect machines before as well as during drilling operations."
respect publication formats;Submit text material for printing purposes. Always respect the required and expected publication formats.
use snow-removal equipment;Use equipment such as shovels, snow rakes, snow blowers, ladders or aerial lifts to remove snow from various structures such as rooftops and other building structures and public spaces.
create prototype of user experience solutions;Design and prepare mock-ups, prototypes and flows in order to test User Experience (UX) solutions or to collect feedback from users, customers, partners or stakeholders.
wear cleanroom suit;Wear garments appropriate for environments that require a high level of cleanliness to control the level of contamination.
monitor stamp machine;Monitor automated production line and stamp machine to ensure smooth operation. Monitor and report any damaged cigarette package. Stand at a machine while stamping product, using two hands for stamping and stabilising.
apply system organisational policies;Implement internal policies related to the development, internal and external usage of technological systems, such as software systems, network systems and telecommunications systems, in order to achieve a set of goals and targets regarding the efficient operations and growth of an organisation.
propose ICT solutions to business problems;Suggest how to solve business issues, using ICT means, so that business processes are improved.
start up chocolate moulding line;Start up moulding line equipment, including chillers, air compressor, chocolate tanks, pumps and tempering units.
calculate costs of repair operations;"Calculate material and labour costs of repair operations; understand appropriate computer programmes."
handle different pottery materials;Treat different recipes of clay and mud according to the genre (such as china) or the expected strength, look, colour, tradition or innovation in the creative process.
interpret scientific data to assess water quality;Analyse and interpret data like biological properties to know the quality of water.
tolerate strong smells;Tolerate strong smells expelled by the goods being processed during the production of goods.
create sculptures;Create decorative sculptures by hand, using a variety of techniques and materials.
typography;The procedure of arranging  written texts for printing processes.
plan procedures for cargo operations;Plan a series of logistical procedures for cargo operations staff. Ensure the implementation of plans to the original specification.
tend heated-air tower;Tend the heated-air tower by operating the control panel in order to produce soap powders from liquid soap.
develop event topics;List and develop relevant event topics and choose featured speakers.
mechanical forging press parts;The various part of a mechanical press used for forging metalworking processes, such as cams, cranks and toggles in the preset, a ram, upper die, lower die, and others.
national population census;The official procedure of systematically collecting information of the population such as gender, employability, education levels, and other demographics in order have a clear understanding of the population for governmental development plans.
identify physical characteristics of performer;Assess the physical potential of artists, performers, and athletes in order to find contracts suitable for them.
manufacture textile floor coverings;Produce textile floor coverings by tending machines, sewing parts, and applying finishing touches to products such as carpets, rugs, and made up textile floor covering articles.
tend tunnel kiln;Tend the tunnel kiln and the preheating chamber in order to perform the preheating and baking of clay products such as bricks, ceramics or sewer pipes.
operate follow spots;Operate follow spots during a live performance based on visual cues or documentation.
environmental policy;Local, national and international policies dealing with the promotion of environmental sustainability and the development of projects which reduce negative environmental impact and improve the state of the environment.
monitor conditions affecting train movement;"Monitor conditions that may influence train movements, e.g. crew availability, weather conditions, equipment operability, speed or track limitations, etc. Undertake actions to ensure and optimise train performance and safety; anticipate emergencies and unexpected situations."
operate media integration systems;Operate a media integration system for performing art and event applications during setup, configuration, rehearsals and during live performances.
cooperate with colleagues;Cooperate with colleagues in order to ensure that operations run effectively.
market trends in sporting equipment;Latest trends and developments on the sports equipment market.
focus on passengers;"Transport passengers to their destination in a safe and timely fashion. Provide appropriate customer service; inform passengers in the event of unexpected situations or other incidents."
accounting department processes;The different processes, duties, jargon, role in an organisation, and other specificities of the accounting department within an organisation such as bookkeeping, invoices, recording, and taxing.
perform business research;Search and collect information relevant for the development of businesses in different fields ranging from legal, accounting, finance, up to commercial matters.
recognise fake goods;Identify imitation and counterfeit products using methods and equipment such as microscopes and laboratory analysis in order to determine their properties.
organise participation in international events;Apply for and secure a place to participate in international exhibitions and competitions.
differentiate between maxillofacial tissues;Distinguish abnormally hard and soft tissues of the maxillofacial complex from normal tissues.
tend swaging machine;Tend a swaging machine, designed for forming usually cold metal by use of a high energy force and swage blocks, monitor and operate it, according to regulations.
draw off wash water;Draw off the washing water by opening the drain cock after making sure the mixture has settled.
clinical reports;The methods, assessment practices, credentials and opinions gathering procedures necessary for writing clinical reports.
WizIQ;The computer program WizIQ is a e-learning platform for creating, administrating, arranging, reporting and delivering e-learning education courses or training programs.
communicate with waste treatment facilities;Communicate with facilities dealing with the treatment of hazardous or non-hazardous waste in order to ensure efficient cooperation in the organisation of waste treatment procedures.
administer ICT system;Handle components of ICT system by maintaining configuration, managing users, monitoring resource use, performing backups and installing hardware or software to comply with the set requirements.
prepare leather goods samples;Create, test and verify prototypes or samples of leather goods against a predefined set of criteria throughout all stages of the manufacturing process. Revise the initial design concepts and implement technical improvements.
understand written Spanish;Read and comprehend written texts in Spanish.
understand the physical language of a live performance;Decipher the meaning of movements in various  choreographic sequences, and interpret the body language used.
measure chemical substance viscosity;Measure the viscosity of the mixed ingredients by using a viscosimeter.
perform pest control;Carry out crop spraying pest and disease operations in line with National industry and customer requirements. Carry out slurry and fertiliser spreading in accordance with local environmental regulations
represent artistic production;Represent the artistic company or production outside your day-to-day activities. Liaise with presenters and their teams. Help direct tours.
prepare site for construction;Prepare ground or site for construction of wooden and brick terraces, fences and ground surfaces. This includes measure and plan out the site, lay stone and tiles.
stimulate students independence;Encourage students with special needs to perform tasks independently, without the help from a caregiver and teach them personal independence skills.
provide rigging plans;"Provide rigging and lifting plans; accept and support project supplied lifting plans. This plan includes information regarding the rigging equipment used, weight of the lift, crane capacity, atmospheric and environmental conditions, lifting capacity and floor loading capacity."
restrain individuals;Restrain, or control by force, individuals who violate regulations in terms of acceptable behaviour, who present a threat to others, and who perform acts of violence, to ensure the individual is unable to proceed in this negative behaviour and to protect others.
follow water supply schedule;Adapt operations in the distribution and supply of water for irrigation purposes, residential or facility use, to ensure that the timing is correct and the schedule is followed.
teach principles of literature;Instruct students in the theory and practice of literature, more specifically in reading and writing techniques, etymology and literary analysis.
help clients make decisions during counselling sessions;Encourage clients to make their own decisions related to their problems or inner conflicts by reducing confusion and allowing clients to reach their own conclusions, with no bias whatsoever.
integrate strategic foundation in daily performance;Reflect on the strategic foundation of companies, meaning their mission, vision, and values in order to integrate this foundation in the performance of the job position.
warehouse operations;Know the basic principles and practices of warehouse operations such as goods storage. Understand and satisfy customer needs and requirements while effectively utilising warehouse equipment, space and labour.
lay marquetry;Lay marquetry, decorative parquet surface including curved elements usually cut with laser equipment.
ensure compliance with environmental legislation;Monitor activities and perform tasks ensuring compliance with standards involving environmental protection and sustainability, and amend activities in the case of changes in environmental legislation. Ensure that the processes are compliant with environment regulations and best practices.
aid archive users with their enquiries;Provide reference services and overall assistance for researchers and visitors in their search for archival materials.
mount photovoltaic panels;Securely install photovoltaic panels using a specified mounting system and on the defined position and inclination.
repair firearms;Identify problems or deviations on firearms, check for deterioration, disassemble parts, regulate, adjust, and replace deficient components.
prepare vehicle trim;Prepare vehicle trim work in accordance with technical drawings and preliminary sketches.
manage research data;Produce and analyse scientific data originating from qualitative and quantitative research methods. Store and maintain the data in research databases. Support the re-use of scientific data and be familiar with open data management principles.
kosher slaughtering practices;The practices involved in the slaughtering of animals for food consumption according to Jewish dietary laws such as the knife to be used, slaughtering techniques and blood drainage from the carcass.
quality prototype of a tobacco leaf;Characteristics and properties of a tobacco leaf to grade and consider it of high, medium, or low quality product taking into account colour variations, tears, tar spots, tight grain, and size of the leaf.
advise customers on preparation of meat products;Give advice to customers concerning the preparation of meat and meat products.
calculate aircraft weight;Calculate total aircraft weight, taking into account luggage, cargo, passengers, crew and fuel. Compose weight and balance documentation.
test medical devices;Make sure the medical devices fit the patient and test and evaluate them to ensure they work as intended. Make adjustments to ensure proper fit, function and comfort.
distribute local information materials;Hand out leaflets, maps and tour brochures to visitors with information and tips about local sites, attractions and events.
collaborate with animal related professionals;Collaborate with veterinary and other animal related professionals through communication of animal details, case records and summary reports orally or via written or electronic transfer.
optical equipment standards;The national and international quality and safety standards and regulations with regards to the use and manufacture of optical equipment, including optical materials, optical components, optical systems, ophthalmic equipment, optomechanical equipment, optical measuring equipment, photographic equipment, and optoelectronic equipment.
livestock reproduction;Understand natural and artificial reproduction techniques, gestation periods and birthing for livestock. Understand the humane destruction of relevant animals in accordance with national legislation.
manage feedback;Provide feedback to others. Evaluate and respond constructively and professionally to critical communication from colleagues and customers.
test cigars;Test the suitability of a cigar in all aspects. This consists of: grabbing the cigar, lightening it, moisturising its end before lighting it up and labelling it.
be a role model in community arts;Take responsibility for your physical and emotional wellbeing as a role model for your group. Care for the wellbeing of your participants while leading them in a dance session.
produce statistical financial records;Review and analyse individual and company financial data in order to produce statistical reports or records.
understand written Armenian;Read and comprehend written texts in Armenian.
calculate materials to build equipment;Determine the amount and the kind of materals necessary to build certain machines or equipment.
combine business technology with user experience;Analyse and exploit the points where technology, user experience, and business meet in order to create and develop new products.
provide periodontal treatment;Manage gum conditions and diseases, providing periodontal treatment as needed and monitoring treatment outcomes.
prepare roofing materials;Select the appropriate pieces and, if necessary, prepare them for fixing by cutting, sawing, trimming the edges.
preventive medicine;The measures taken for disease prevention in a specific area or a group of people.
plan marketing strategy;Determine the objective of the marketing strategy whether it is for establishing image, implementing a pricing strategy, or raising awareness of the product. Establish approaches of marketing actions to ensure that goals are achieved efficiently and over a long term.
labour legislation;Legislation, on a national or international level, that governs labour conditions in various fields between labour parties such as the government, employees, employers, and trade unions.
respond to individuals extreme emotions;React and help appropriately in case of extreme emotional reactions of individuals in a crisis situation, extreme distress or who are traumatised.
promote political campaign;Promote the political party or politician before and during election when the political campaign is being held to ensure a wide audience and the most beneficial outcome possible for the political candidate or party, by performing promotional activities.
maintain a production book;Maintain an artistic production book and produce final script for archive purposes.
test pyrotechnical effects;Test pyrotechnical effects before a performance to make sure they work smoothly and safely.
develop new food products;Conduct experiments, produce sample products, and perform research as part of new food product development (NPD).
swaging machine types;Types of machines used for swaging processes in forging, such as the tagging machine, the butt swaging machine, the creeping spindle swaging machine and others.
public service concession;The procedures involved in the granting of rights, land or property by a government to a private company which enters an agreement with the government to operate or make use of certain services, and what qualifies or may qualify as a concession.
buttonholing;The methods of buttonholing using specialised buttonholing machines in order to make buttonholes to wearing apparel.
prepare railway technical studies;Prepare studies and designs of the railway systems which include analyses of materials, structural strength, construction processes, calculations, schematics, specifications and cost estimates. Examine railway system and facility studies prepared by contractor in order to ensure compliance with the stations, roadways, drainage systems, and other railway structures.
delegate emergency care;Efficiently delegate care to other personnel in the emergency department, supervising others working in the clinical environment to ensure that patient needs are met.
acoustical engineering;The engineering discipline that applies acoustics to design new technologies to reduce unwanted noise, to create applications of ultrasound, to improve the acoustics in concert halls, etc.
prescribe psychotherapeutic treatment;Prescribe, direct, and administer psychotherapeutic treatments or medications to treat disorders of a mental, emotional, or behavioural nature.
prepare ground for construction;Select materials to meet specifications, prepare the site in accordance with specifications.
conduct engineering site audits;Collect structural, electrical and related site information by conducting engineering site audits. They are used for the design of engineering solution such as solar power systems.
manage studio resourcing;This encloses all aspects of studio resourcing, such as the management of the creative staff and monitoring the workload in order to ensure the appropriate staffing levels are maintained.
assist guest departure;Aid guests during their departure, receive feedback on satisfaction and invite guests to come back once more.
digital printing;The technique that allows printing a digital-based image directly onto a variety of materials, mostly using inkjet or laser printer.
osteology;The scientific study of human and animal skeletons, bone structure and specific bones. Osteology examines the bone structure as a whole and specific bones. The research can focus on diseases, function or pathology of bones.
assist with geophysical surveys;Assist with a range of specific, geophysical surveys, using diverse methods such as seismic, magnetic and electromagnetic methods.
provide legal advice on investments;Provide advice to organisations on the legal procedures, drafting of the contracts, and tax efficiency operations involved in corporate investments and their legal repercussions.
create import-export commercial documentation;Organise the completion of official documents such as letters of credit, shipping orders, and certificates of origin.
set production KPI;Set and achieve KPIs in line with company strategy and ensure customer requirements are met.
renal diseases;Reneal diseases is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
prepare audit activities;Prepare an audit plan including both pre-audits and certification audits. Communicate with the different processes in order to implement the improvement actions that lead to certification.
types of sanders;Types of electric sanders such palm grip and pistol grip sanders, their features and application.
conduct patch testing;Apply patch testing in order to determine allergic causes of dermatitis or eczema, or other skin conditions.
provide high-end driving services;Drive vehicles such as limousines or taxis for high-end services. Transport people and goods providing optimal service quality, safety, and efficiency.
assemble tent constructions;Safely and efficiently construct small and large temporary tent structures for live events or other purposes.
types of waxes;Waxes are organic compounds composed of alkyl chains and they can have different origins. There are animal waxes such as beewax, plant waxes such as soja or palm wax, and petroleum derived waxes.
educate on the prevention of illness;Offer evidence-based advice on how to avoid ill health, educate and advise individuals and their carers on how to prevent ill health and/or be able to advise how to improve their environment and health conditions. Provide advice on the identification of risks leading to ill health and help to increase the patients resilience by targeting prevention and early intervention strategies.
respect data protection principles;Ensure that access to personal or institutional data conforms to the legal and ethical framework governing such access.
mount photos;Frame and hang up finished photographs and posters.
negotiate with key stakeholders in the automotive retail sector;Negotiate contractual or delivery targets with primary stakeholders such as vehicle manufacturers.
distinguish accessories;Distinguish accessories in order to determine differences among them. Evaluate accessories based on their characteristics and their application in wearing apparel manufacturing.
tend almond huller machine;Dump almonds into huller machine . Allow almonds to flow into machine that agitates screens or cylinders to remove hulls from almonds.
monitor visitor tours;Monitor visitors touring activities to ensure compliance with legislation and safety practices.
tend wine manufacturing machines;Tends machinery, appliances, and special equipment designed for the production and the manufacturing of wine. Make maintenance and implement preventive actions to the machinery in order to ensure operability.
manage storage tanks;"Oversee the operations of the storage tank; obtain appropriate balancing levels in filtrate tanks."
prevent domestic accidents;Analyse the risk factors linked to domestic accidents and propose prevention actions or equipments in the care recipients home and surroundings.
navy operations;The operational procedures and regulations of military naval organisations, on base and on ships during missions.
carry out railway accident investigations;Carry out investigations of railway accidents. Take into consideration the specific circumstances of the accident, and the actual or potential consequences. Investigate whether the accident is part of a series, and examine the potential for recurrence. Strive to improve safety.
investigate animal related incidents;Investigate animal related incidents, such as suspected failure to meet the welfare needs of animals, abuse, harm or neglect, by gathering information, receiving and analysing reports, as well as taking appropriate action and cooperating with the respective law enforcement agencies.
animal acquisition;The relevant legal, recommended and ethical considerations related to the acquisition and disposition of animals.
prepare speeches;Write speeches on multiple topics in a way to hold the attention and interest of an audience.
Cain and Abel (penetration testing tool);The software tool Cain and Abel is a password recovery tool which tests the Microsoft Operating System for security weaknesses and potentially unauthorised access to system information. The tool decodes, decrypts and uncovers passwords by means such as brute-force and cryptanalysis attacks, network sniffing and protocols analysis.
encourage healthy behaviours;Encourage the adoption of healthy behaviours such as exercise, a healthy diet, oral hygiene, health checks and preventative medical screenings.
provide social counselling;Assist and guide social service users to resolve personal, social or psychological problems and difficulties.
supervise motor vehicles manufacture;Inspect plants where motor vehicles are manufactured to ensure safety and quality control. Ensure that components are manufactured in compliance with safety and design specifications.
prepare main engines for navigation operations;Prepare and operate main engines for navigation operations. Set up and monitor checklists and follow procedure implementation.
food plant design;Contribute to food plant design by assessing the processes, facilities and equipment needs, including monitoring activities and control.
cleaning industry health and safety measures;Preventive and interventional methods used in the cleaning industry to maintain health and safety for all workers and tertiary persons.
interact with others;Engage with others face-to-face in a wide range of situations, using strategies appropriate to context and purpose.
radiation effects on human body;The way specific body parts are more specifically affected by exposure to different types of radiation sources.
provide training on quality management supervision;Provide training to production employees, in groups or individually, on standard operating procedures, product specifications, visual quality inspection criteria, SPC, production controls, formulas, GMP, and food safety procedures.
use laser therapy for skin conditions;Apply laser treatments to remove undesirable body hairs, to lighten or eradicate pigmented lesions, or to remove tattoos.
execute advertising for vehicles;Contribute to vehicle promotion using various media e.g. websites or newspapers.
assist in the organisation of school events;Provide assistance in the planning and organisation of school events, such as the schools open house day, a sports game or a talent show.
systems development life-cycle;The sequence of steps, such as planning, creating, testing and deploying and the models for the development and life-cycle management of a system.
transportation software related to an ERP system;Business management software to collect, manage and interpret data related to shipping, payment, inventory, manufacturing applied in transportation and distribution.
work on uneven surfaces;"Perform work on uneven surfaces; climb ladders and execute tasks on top of railcars."
measure density of liquids;Measuring the density of liquids, including oils, using instruments such as hygrometers, or oscillating tubes.
operate automated process control;Operate process control or automation system (PAS) used to control a production process automatically.
support social service users at the end of life;Support individuals to prepare for the end of life and to plan the care and support they wish to receive through the process of dying, providing care and support as death approaches and carrying out agreed actions immediately after death.
manage ICT change request process;Specify the incentive for an ICT change request, stating which adjustment in the system needs to be accomplished and execute or supervise the execution of it.
lay base courses;Lay the stabilising courses that support a road. Lay the road base, which enhances the drainage properties of the road, and a sub-base if called for. Use the correct material for this, usually a mix of aggregates or local secondary materials, sometimes with some binding agents added.
visual flight rules;Types of flight rules which are a compilation of regulations that allow pilots to fly aircrafts in clear as well as unclear weather conditions whereby it is declared that outside visual reference to the ground and other obstructions are not safe.
inspect aircraft manufacturing;"Conduct inspections in the aviation industry; inspect plants where aircraft parts are manufactured to ensure safety and quality control. Ensure that aircraft components are manufactured in compliance with safety and design specifications."
write Javanese;Compose written texts in Javanese.
undertake procedures to meet helicopter flight requirements;Ensure that operation certificates are valid, guarantee that take-off mass is a maximum of 3,175 kg, verify that the minimum crew is adequate according to regulations and needs, ensure that the configuration setting is correct, and check if engines are suitable for the flight.
oversee warehouse value-added activities;Oversee warehouse activities such as storage and receipt, and dispatch of various goods such as food, drinks, clothing, and household products.
use interface description language;Utilise specification language for describing interface connection among software components or programs in a programming-language-independent way. The languages which support this method are among others CORBA and WSDL.
operate brick oven;Use a brick oven used for baking, drying or heating at the right temperature.
write Bosnian;Compose written texts in Bosnian.
apply company policies;Apply the principles and rules that govern the activities and processes of an organisation.
business management principles;Principles governing business management methods such as strategy planning, methods of efficient production, people and resources coordination.
plan migration to cloud;Select existing workloads and processes for potential migration to the cloud and choose migration tools. Determine a new cloud architecture for an existing solution, plan a strategy for migrating existing workloads to the cloud.
calculate insurance rate;Gather information on the clients situation and calculate their premium on the basis of various factors such as their age, the place where they live and the value of their house, property and other relevant assets.
encourage staff in cleaning activities;Motivate employees in cleaning activities in a hospitality establishment by providing them with a convincing reason for action.
develop urban transport studies;Study the demographic and spatial characteristics of a city in order to develop new mobility plans and strategies.
monitor security procedures in warehouse operations;Supervise and enforce procedures for security purposes in warehouse operations.
use radar navigation;Operate modern radar navigation equipment to ensure safe vessel operations.
implement route planning in smart mobility services;Use specialised search engines such as route planners or journey planners to suggest optimised travel itineraries based of different criteria such as means of transport, departure and arrival time, location, duration of the journey.
replace faucets;Remove taps using the appropriate tool, such as a tap wrench, a monkey wrench or a ratcheting wrench. Perform the same operations to replace the tap with a repaired or new one.
test nitroglycerin mixture;Test the washed mixture in order to determine if it became neutral. In case the chemical indicator (such as the litmus) shows the mixture not to be neutral, the washing process needs to restart.
prepare dental instruments for sterilization;Correctly transport, clean and sterilise dental instruments, packing the instruments appropriately for sterilisation and storing them properly after the procedure.
foreign affairs policy development;The development processes of foreign affairs policies, such as relevant research methods, relevant legislation, and foreign affairs operations.
send summons;Send summons for court hearings or other legal proceedings such as negotiations and investigative procedures, to the parties involved, ensuring that they receive the summons and are fully informed of the procedures, and to ensure an affirmative response.
Agile project management;The agile project management approach is a methodology for planning, managing and overseeing of ICT resources in order to meet specific goals and using project management ICT tools.
carry out strategic research;Research long term possibilities for improvements and plan steps to achieve them.
select music for training;Select suitable music for exercise to help performers achieve an artistic goal, in dance, singing, or other musical pursuits.
pharmaceutical legislation;European and national legal framework for the development, distribution, and use of medicinal products for humans.
monitor fish mortality rates;Monitor fish mortalities and assess possible causes.
types of tidal stream generators;Different types of generators such as crossflow turbines, flow augmented turbines, venturi effect devices, or tidal kite turbines. They are used to draw energy from water currents, either in rivers, or estuaries profiting the tidal range, as well as in the offshore underwater currents.
modern power signalling systems;"Understand traditional and modern signalling systems; operate railway signalling systems."
network management system tools;The software or hardware tools which enable monitoring, analysis and supervision of individual network components or network parts within a larger network system.
communicate regulations;Keep relevant persons and department up-to-date with new or revised regulations in order that product requirements and specifications are met at all times.
operate mosaic tools;Use the appropriate tools to cut and chip mosaic for fitting into the workpiece.
make an effort;Show commitment to do something that is difficult and requires hard work.
literature;The body of artistic writing characterized by beauty of expression, form, and universality of intellectual and emotional appeal.
perform liquid penetrant tests;Detect surface cracks by covering the surface of objects with fluorescent dyes and applying developer.
conduct energy audit;Analyse and evaluate the energy consumption in a systematic manner in order to improve the energy performance.
apply fish harvest methods;Apply fish harvest methods effectively and in a manner which minimises the stress caused to fish. Slaughter the fish in a humane manner.
maintain plants growth;Support growth, appearance and intended purpose of the plants.
prepare sales checks;Provide customers with official documents that prove their purchase and payment.
calibrate engines;Use calibration tools to adjust and tune engines to ensure optimal performance and durability.
match venues with performers;Ensure the venue is appropriate for the needs of the performing artist.
use markup languages;Utilise computer languages that are syntactically distinguishable from the text, to add annotations to a document, specify layout and process types of documents such as HTML.
analyse recorded sources;Analyse recorded sources such as government records, newspapers, biographies, and letters in order to uncover and interpret the past.
maintain logistics databases;Maintain databases accessible to users in the logistics and storage sub-sector.
canvassing methods;The different methods used in liaising with a target group or individuals to gather support for a cause, such as field canvassing (going door to door), candidate canvassing (going door to door or speaking with the public with a representative of the cause present), phone canvassing, engaging passers-by on the street, and other canvassing methods.
participate in governmental tenders;Filling out documentation, guarantees for participation in govenmental tenders.
develop automated migration methods;Create automated transfer of ICT information between storage types, formats and systems to save human resources from performing the task manually.
install lift governor;Install the lift governor, which controls the movement speed and braking mechanisms of the lift, in the machine room at the top of the shaft. Calibrate the governor and link it up with the motor, control mechanism, and a source of electricity.
provide on-board safety training;Develop and implement on-board safety training programmes.
load equipment;Handle safe loading of equipment in given restrictive conditions.
identify support mechanisms to develop your professional practice;Identify sources of support to develop your professional practice. Stay aware of current trends in funding that could support you to finance your professional development.
Christianity;The traditions, ceremonies, history and denominations of the Christian religion.
perform multiple tasks at the same time;Execute multiple tasks at the same time, being aware of key priorities.
design package;Develop and design the form and structure of a products package.
conduct quality assurance inspections on fuel operations;Obtain and visually inspect fuel samples, examine fuel tank water, temperature, and fuel levels to ensure the highest quality in operations.
use firearms;Shoot one or several types of firearm being aware of safe handling techniques, aim of the firearm and the fire.
ferment stacks of tobacco leaves;Wrap large stacks of tobacco in burlap and allow them to sweat. The internal temperature is closely monitored. When it reaches 60 degrees Celsius, the stack is broken down to release tar, ammonia, and nicotine. Repeat the process until the stack no longer reaches 45 degrees Celsius. Strip the stems and stack them in a cooler place to age.
record lessons learnt from your sessions;Recognise and record any lessons learnt from your sessions both for individuals in your group and yourself.
locomotive brake applications;Understand the dynamics of locomotive brake applications.
apply health and safety when picking;Take the necessary health and safety precautions when picking: posture your body well, safely operate tools and machinery, and wear the right clothes and protection for the climate.
fit low vision aids;Assure the proper specialised visual appliance is fitted for the partially sighted person.
strive to conserve the composition of water;Strive not to unnecessarily alter the composition of the water when removing undesirable constituents.
check shipments;Staff members must be vigilant and well-organised to ensure that inbound and outbound shipments are accurate and undamaged.This description does not really describe the competence (or task) suggested by the PT.
monitor aquaculture stock health standards;Perform activities that ensure monitoring and implementation of aquaculture health standards and health analysis of the fish population.
maintain safety systems;Perform activities for the maintenance of  fire fighting and related safety systems.
use modern electronic navigational aids;Use modern navigational aids such as GPS and radar systems.
non-ferrous metal processing;Various processing methods on non-ferrous metals and alloys such as copper, zinc and aluminium.
clean aquaculture stock units;Clean and disinfect equipment and treatment systems, as well as holding units such as tanks.
monitor utility equipment;Monitor equipment which provides utility services such as power, heat, refrigeration, and steam, in order to ensure they are functional, operate according to regulations, and to check for faults.
appropriate packaging of dangerous goods;Know that packaging for different types of dangerous goods (other than for limited and excepted quantities) must be designed and constructed to UN specification standards and pass practical transport related tests, such as being dropped, stored in a stack, and being subjected to pressure. It must also meet the needs of the materials it is to contain. Packaging must be certified by a competent authority.
brush the equipment;Brush the equipment in order to avoid powder accumulation which may become dangerous.
ship related legislative requirements;Conventions of the International Maritime Organization (IMO) concerning safety of life at sea, security and protection of the marine environment.
physical parts of the vessel;Detailed knowledge of the different physical components of the vessel. Provide maintenance and care to ensure optimal operations.
investigate human rights violations;Investigate cases in which a breach of human rights legislation may have occurred in order to identify the problems and determine an appropriate course of action.
inform policy makers on health-related challenges;Provide useful information related to health care professions to ensure policy decisions are made in the benefit of communities.
style hair;Style a persons hair using the appropriate techniques and products.
report on grants;Inform the grant giver and grant receiver accurately and in time about new developments.
apply knowledge of philosophy, ethics and religion;Discover and develop an individual perspective about ones roles, meaning and purpose, including what it means to live, to die and to be human.
provide objective assessments of calls;"Ensure objective assessment of calls with customers; see that all company procedures are adhered to."
launch lifeboats;Launch and retrieve lifeboats following international maritime regulations.
make radiographic images;Produce radiographic images to detect flaws in objects.
write Sanskrit;Compose written texts in Sanskrit.
gather technical information;Apply systematic research methods and communicate with relevant parties in order to find specific information and evaluate research results to assess the informations relevance, relating technical systems and developments.
conduct safe aircraft marshalling;Conduct safe marshalling of aircraft, adhere to apron markings and ensure accurate completion of associated paperwork or database entries.
perform laboratory tests;Carry out tests in a laboratory to produce reliable and precise data to support scientific research and product testing.
coordinate technical standards for global interoperability;Ensure cooperation between various stakeholders in order to achieve standardisation of technical and operational aspects of surveillance systems.
refrigerants;The characteristics and properties of the different fluids used in heat pump and refrigeration cycles.
manage clinical environments;Ensure that clinical environments, including equipment and materials, are properly prepared and maintained for use. Prepare and maintain working environments and ensure that equipment and materials are available.
translate formulae into processes;Translate, by means of computer models and simulations, the specific laboratory formulae and findings into production processes.
adjust paper bag machine;Control output of paper bags and be able to make minor adjustments to ensure the side seals, wicket holes, and lip size are within product or company specifications.
place orders for computer products;"Price out different options; purchase computers, computer equipment and IT-accessories."
install spindles;Install spindles, vertical elements that connect a handrail to a bottom element such as a staircase or balustrade bottom.
provide nursing care in community settings;Provide nursing care in community settings such as schools, home settings, assisted living facilities, correctional facilities and hospice, and outside the hospital system.
soldering techniques;The various techniques for joining pieces of metal together by melting and applying a filler metal into the joint between the two pieces such as silver soldering and induction soldering.
attach protective attachments to timber piles;Attach various protective elements, such as boots or points, to the head and toe of timber piles in order to prevent damage to the pile from the stresses of pile driving. Take care to attach a timber pile point correctly to make sure the pile is driven straight down.
microbiology-bacteriology;Microbiology-Bacteriology is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
replace knives;Replace worn and bent knives and adjust cutting knives, making use of various hand tools.
develop management plans;Develop management plans to maintain fisheries and habitat, or restore them when necessary.
observe fish disease symptoms;Observe and describe fish disease symptoms such as lesions.
financial products;The different types of instruments that apply to the management of cash flow that are available on the market, such as shares, bonds, options or funds.
tend drawing kiln;Tend the drawing kiln in order to draw glass sheets of flat glass according to specified thickness.
neurological surgery;Neurological surgery is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
swaging processes;Processes related to the forging practices of swaging, such as tube swaging, rotary swaging, roller swaging, butt swaging and others.
interpret religious texts;Interpret the contents and messages of religious texts in order to develop spiritually and help others in their spiritual development, to apply the appropriate passages and messages during services and ceremonies, or for theological learning.
observe patient throughout dental treatment;Monitor patients behavior during the provided dental treatment, so as to react rapidly in cases of negative reactions, under the supervision of the dental practitioner.
manage sales teams;Organise and lead a team of sales agents as part of the implementation of a sales plan. Provide coaching, impart sales techniques and directives, and ensure the compliance of sales goals
sales argumentation;Techniques and sales methods used in order to present a product or service to customers in a persuasive manner and to meet their expectations and needs.
keep heavy construction equipment in good condition;Inspect heavy equipment for construction projects before each use. Maintain the machine in good working order, taking care of small repairs and alerting the responsible person in case of serious defects.
ophthalmological examination methods;The techniques and methods applied to examine patients` eyesight and take related measurements.
caulk expansion joints;Fill the space intentionally created to allow for expansion or contraction of the construction materials with a sealant such as silicone.
perform pre-assembly quality checks;Inspect product parts for faults or damages, using testing equipment if necessary, and check that the received lot is complete before assembling the finished products.
monitor logging operations;Ensure that logging operation follow the contractually agreed terms and specified procedures. Strive to solve any problems that arise during the operation. Improve on existing methods and ensure compliance with safety, company, and government regulations.
conduct financial surveys;Conduct the procedures of a financial survey from the initial formulation and compilation of the questions, identifying the target audience, managing the survey method and operations, managing the processing of acquired data, to analysing the results.
conduct apple fermentation;Smash the apples and storage them according to specifications in the adequate recipients before following the process of fermentation adhering to fermentation times and ingredients to add. Monitor the fermentation process. 
flute sizes;Flute sizes refer to the number of flutes per linear foot and its thickness. Flutes are the waves and arches on a corrugated box and make up the structure of corrugated paperboard, giving it rigidity and strength.
monitor feeding systems;Make sure that feeders, feeding system and monitoring instruments are working. Analyse feedback from the instruments.
rehearse role;Study lines and actions. Practise them before recording or shooting to find the best way to perform them.
draw prop sketches;Make sketches of envisioned props to help develop the concept and to share with others.
cultural customs on food preparation;Cultural or religious rules and traditions regarding the preparation of food.
speak in public;Address a group of listeners in a structured, deliberate manner to inform, influence or convince them. Understand and appreciate the value of engaging with the public.
develop calibration procedures;Develop test procedures for instrument performance testing.
select acupuncture points;Based on the examination of the patient and his/hers symptoms, decide on which acupuncture points to be stimulated and with what technique.
analyse transmitted communications;Monitor and analyse data, waveforms, measurements, images or transmitted communications and emissions and identify elecrical anomalies.
liaise with specialist contractors for well operations;Establish business relationships with specialist contractors and with suppliers of goods such as cement or drilling fluids.
perform gravity measurements;Perform geophysical measurements using gravity meters which are either on the ground or airborne. Measure deviations from the normal gravity field, or anomalies, to determine the structure and composition of the earth.
screen clients;Check the personal information of clients and make sure they are not on any blacklist or registered for any severe offences.
set up photographic exhibitions;Make all arrangements needed for a photographic exhibition such as choosing the venue, handling budget, arranging the setting, communicating about the event and so on.
install power lines;Install cables and networks for electricity distribution on the street, in the fields and in buildings, and put them into operation.
ensure escape routes;Make sure emergency exits and emergency escape routes are clear.
manage donor database;Create and constantly update the database containing personal details and status of donors.
identify emerging issues in humanitarian area;Recognize arising problems and trends in a proactive way on a national, regional or international level in order to respond rapidly.
promote public transport;Maintain a positive attitude towards public transportation services.
gather data for forensic purposes;Collect protected, fragmented or corrupted data and other online communication. Document and present findings from this process.
statistical process control;Method of quality control that uses statistics to monitor processes.
undertake clinical audit;Undertake internal clinical audit through the collection of statistical, financial and other data related to service delivery.
conduct training on monitoring and evaluation frameworks;Educate and train research staff, policy makers, and various stakeholders on the concepts and tools used in monitoring and evaluation practices.
manage consumables stock;Manage and monitor consumables stock to ensure that the production demands and deadlines can be met at all times.
develop aquaculture hatchery business plan;Develop and implement an aquaculture hatchery business plan
prepare raw materials for man-made fibres manufacturing;Settle the supply of raw materials that need to go into the processing phase such as spinning, in order to prepare the fibres for manufacturing purposes.
ensure sanitation;Keep workspaces and equipment free from dirt, infection, and disease by removing waste, trash and providing for appropriate cleaning.
compile library lists;Compile exhaustive lists of books, magazines, periodicals, articles, and audio-visual materials on particular subjects.
make investment decisions;Determine whether to buy or sell financial products such as fonds, bonds or stocks in order to enhance profitability and to reach the best performance.
post-process of fish;Develop fish products as a result of various processing methods such as cured fish cuts, frying, etc.
RAGE (digital game creation systems);The software framework that consists of integrated development environments and specialised design tools, designed for the rapid iteration of user-derived computer games.
assist students with library operations;Help students or pupils with tasks relating to library services such as the lending, return, or search for library materials.
apply primer;Cover surfaces with primer according to requirements and specifications. Let primer dry for the proper amount of time.
compaction techniques;The field of information which consists of a variety of techniques to spread asphalt over roads. Each technique is determined by the concept of the asphalt mix and the used paving technique. This is determined by its rolling and chip distribution.
operate cash register;Register and handle cash transactions by using point of sale register.
maintain hammer mill;Maintain machinery and equipment used to crush or shred various materials to ensure that it is clean and in safe, working order. Perform routine maintenance on equipment and adjust when necessary, using hand and power tools.
create collection conservation plan;Create a comprehensive, high-level overview conservation plan for the collection.
assist passengers with timetable information;"Listen to railway travellers and respond to their enquiries related to train times; read timetables to assist travellers with the planning of a trip. Identify in a timetable when a particular train service is scheduled to depart and arrive at its destination."
assess integrated domotics systems;Understand designs and specifications provided by producers of domotics integrated systems and choose a concept that fulfils specific needs within the project.
coach employees;Maintain and improve employees performance by coaching individuals or groups how to optimise specific methods, skills or abilities, using adapted coaching styles and methods. Tutor newly recruited employees and assist them in the learning of new business systems.
Ruby (computer programming);The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in Ruby.
procedural law;The law that encompasses the rules of procedure followed in court, and the rules governing the civil and criminal procedures.
adjust physiotherapy interventions;Adjust physiotherapy interventions based on re-evaluation of the client`s response to treatment.
represent special-interest groups members;Replace and speak for the members of special-interest groups in negotiations about policies, safety and working conditions.
Common Lisp;The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in Common Lisp.
follow time cues;Observe the conductor, orchestra or director and follow text and vocal score to time cues accurately.
develop communication networks with shipping sites;Establish relationships with shipping sites to facilitate the delivery of goods.
prepare animal materials for brush bristles;Acquire suitable animal materials, such as fur and hair, from slaughterhouses and fur farms to use as bristles in brushes and brooms. Clean the materials to remove blood, fat, and any other body parts present. Dry the hair and inspect it.
reinforce body mould;Apply strips of hemp fiber over the mannequin mould and cover the hemp with a layer of plaster or plastic to reinforce the mould.
collect weather-related data;Gather data from satellites, radars, remote sensors, and weather stations in order to obtain information about weather conditions and phenomena.
optimise fleet usability;Optimise fleet utilisation, visibility, efficiency and profitability through the use of special ship management software.
international regulations for cargo handling;The body of conventions, guidelines and rules which dictate the activity of loading and unloading  cargo in international ports.
apply sustainable tillage techniques;Apply sustainable tillage techniques such as conservation tillage or no till farming in order to minimise the impact on soil.
footwear and leather goods marketing planning;The principles and methods used in creating a marketing plan and how a company can best position itself compared to its competitors, taking into account the specifities of the footwear and leather goods market. 
communicate health and safety measures;Inform about applicable rules, guidelines and measures to avoid accidents and hazards in the workplace.
pathologies treated by acupuncture;The types and range of conditions such as physical pain, head aches, back pain, allergies, addictions, digestive problems or cold, which are treated by acupuncture.
coordinate dock operations;Coordinate cargo shipments in and out of dock. Position cranes and arrange containers into shipments, taking into account the exact measures and weight of each container.
types of insulation material;Various types of insulation material and their usage cases, advantages, risks and costs.
persuade clients with alternatives;Describe, detail, and compare possible alternatives that clients could take about products and services to persuade them to take a decision that benefits both the company and the client.
Apache Maven;The tool Apache Maven is a software program to perform configuration identification, control, status accounting and audit of software during its development and maintenance.
sew textile-based articles;Sew different products based on textiles and wearing apparel articles. Combine good hand-eye coordination, manual dexterity, and physical and mental stamina.
maintain flying harnesses;Check, maintain and repair the harnesses and flying systems used to move actors through the air, giving the impression of flying.
precious metals;Types of rare metal that occur naturally and have a high economic value.
conduct literature research;Conduct a comprehensive and systematic research of information and publications on a specific literature topic. Present a comparative evaluative literature summary.
position core workpieces;"Handle coring tools such as bottom boards, coring patterns and core sections; move coring workpieces, for example by operating a crane."
ask questions at events;Attend a variety of events, such as council meetings, magistrates court proceedings, football matches, talent contests, press conferences and ask questions.
eject filled capsules;Depress the pedal to eject the already closed capsules into the receiving container.
carry out makeover for customers;"Apply make-up according to customers face shape and skin type; use cosmetics such as eyeliner, mascara and lipstick; provide suggestions to customers."
prepare licence agreements;Make the legal contract ready, granting permission to use equipment, services, components, applications and intellectual property.
repair heating equipment;Repair, by use of welding techniques applied to cut and formed metal sheets, boilers, heat exchangers, fired heaters, tanks, reactors and other pressure vessels, and others.
hammer cotton and oakum into seams;Use tamping tool to make wooden boats watertight by hammering cotton and oakum into the seams of the planks.
risk transfer;The financial techniques aimed at avoiding damaging financially a business and instead, protect it in its operations. It is the operation of transferring liabilities and claims to third parties that have the financial muscle and specialise in bundling and managing risks in scale.
calculate gear ratio;Determine the ratio of the rotational speed of interlocking gears which can be calculated from the number of teeth on the drive and driven gears.
gather data;Extract exportable data from multiple sources.
tend open pans;Tend open pans heated by direct fire to melt oil for purification purposes.
train horses;Harness, dress and train horses as per the instructions provided. Take into account the age and breed of the horse and the preparation purposes.
inspect semiconductor components;Inspect the quality of used materials, check the purity and molecular orientation of the semiconductor crystals, and test the wafers for surface defects using electronic testing equipment, microscopes, chemicals, X-rays, and precision measuring instruments.
process customer requests based on the REACh Regulation 1907 2006;Reply to private consumer requests according to REACh Regulation 1907/2006 whereby chemical Substances of Very High Concern (SVHC) should be minimal. Advise customers on how to proceed and protect themselves if the presence of SVHC is higher than expected.
carry out practical tasks with smart devices;Use devices autonomously connected to the network and internet such as smart TVs, robots, smart refrigerators to perform autonomous tasks.
marine engineering;The engineering discipline that studies the design, operation and maintenance of watercraft propulsion and on-board systems. It also addresses the design and construction of fixed and floating marine structures, such as oil platforms and offshore wind farms, which is generally called offshore engineering.
load film reels;Load the film reels into the projector and unload them after the projection.
conduct frisk;Conduct frisks, or pat downs, with individual to ensure there are no illegal or dangerous items concealed on their person, in a manner appropriate and compliant with regulations.
adopt ways to reduce pollution;Apply measures to reduce air, noise, light, water or environmental pollution, for example by using public transports, not leaving any waste in the natural environment, and reducing unnecessary light and noise emissions, particularly during the night.  
monitor waiting list;Monitor the list of patients waiting for an operation or consultation. Make sure it is accurate and complete.
develop gambling games;Develop new gambling, betting and lottery games or combine existing ones to create a new one.
deliver online training;Provide training by using online technologies, adapting the learning materials, using e-learning methods, supporting the trainees and communicating online. Instruct virtual classrooms.
assess management of animals;Evaluate the management of a wide range of animals including the care, welfare and housing environment of animals in a zoo, wildlife park, stable, farm or animal research facility.
operate cutting equipment;Operate cutting equipment specific to the activities undergone in this phase of slaughtering and meat processing. Use machinery, chainsaws, knives, and separators to open animal carcasses and separate these into parts for processing.
handle the logistics of medicinal products;Store, preserve and distribute medicinal products at the wholesale stage.
monitor developments in technology used for design;Identify and explore recent developments in technology and materials used in the live performance industry, in order to create an up-to-date technical background for one’s personal design work.
lift stacks of paper;Raise and replenish heaps of sheets, pages, covers on the machine table to align edges and feed the machine input.
train staff on call quality assurance;Educate and train a staff of call centre agents, supervisors and managers in the Quality Assurance (QA) process.
social work theory;The development and characteristics of social work theories underpinned by social sciences and humanities.
communicate with customers;Respond to and communicate with customers in the most efficient and appropriate manner to enable them to access the desired products or services, or any other help they may require.
ICT network routing;The processes and techniques for choosing the best paths within an ICT network through which a packet can travel.
internal risk management policy;The internal risk management policies that identify, assess and prioritise risks in an IT environment. The methods used to minimise, monitor and control the possibility and the impact of disastrous events that affect the reaching of business goals.
geographic areas;"Know the geographic area in detail; know where different organisations carry out operations."
understand written Sardinian;Read and comprehend written texts in ?Sardinian.
assess ICT knowledge;Evaluate the implicit mastery of skilled experts in an ICT system to make it explicit for further analysis and usage.
test procedures in electricity transmission;Perform tests on powerlines and cables, as well as other equipment used for the transmission of electrical power, in order to ensure the cables are well insulated, the voltage can be controlled well, and the equipment is compliant with regulations.
translate requirement concepts into content;Develop digital content by following given requirements and guidelines.
apply first response;Respond to medical or trauma emergencies and care for the patient in a manner compliant with health and safety regulations, assessing the legal and ethical issues of the situation, and provide proper pre-hospital care.
clean beer pipes;Disinfect beer pipes on regular basis according to guidelines to ensure the beer is tasty and hygienic.
materials used in stoneware manufacturing;Characteristics and properties of the different materials used in the production of the vitreous ceramic made of stoneware clay, or in some cases of non-refractory fire-clay.
restore teeths natural colour;Bleach, clean or polish teeth to restore natural colour.
deliver sophrology exercises;Teach sophrology exercises and attend to individual and group sessions, adapting them according to each persons abilities and needs.
sell consumer electronics;Sell electronic consumer goods such as TVs, radios, cameras and other audio and video equipment. Provide advice on purchase decisions and try to meet customers wishes. Process payments.
Lisp;The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in Lisp.
develop electronic test procedures;Develop testing protocols to enable a variety of analyses of electronic systems, products, and components.
tend canning machine;Tend canning machine powered by electricity or batteries in order to can various types of food.
clean building facade;Perform cleaning activities of the main face of a building, using appropriate equipment, as required by the complexity and height of the building.
maintain database;Maintain a freelance database that offers extra support to your teams and is able to calculate negotiating costs.
advise on mining environmental issues;Advise engineers, surveyors, geotechnical staff and metallurgists on environmental protection and land rehabilitation related to mining activities.
identify customer requirements;Apply techniques and tools, such as surveys, questionnaires, ICT applications, for eliciting, defining, analysing, documenting and maintaining user requirements from system, service or product.
employ cognitive behaviour treatment techniques;Employ cognitive behavioural treatment techniques for those whose treatment involves cognitive re-training, addressing dysfunctional emotions, maladaptive behaviours and cognitive processes and contents through a variety of systematic procedures.
items specialty available for auction;Nature of the items to be auctioned such as overstock furniture, real estate, livestock, etc.
types of stone for working;Different types of stone that stonemasons and other stone workers use to process into building materials. The mechanical properties of stone, such as their weight, tensile strength, durability. Economical properties such as cost, transport and sourcing.
discern written communication;Strive to understand and give sense to written communication either live, emails, and texts. Confirm with the recipient whether the assumption made based on the communication are valid and reflect the meaning of the sender.
manage schedule of tasks;Maintain an overview of all the incoming tasks in order to prioritise the tasks, plan their execution, and integrate new tasks as they present themselves.
maintain personal hygiene standards;Preserve impeccable personal hygiene standards and have a tidy appearance.
provide domestic care;Assess the support needs of individuals and provide care to people who are usually disabled, in their own homes.
set up stage decks;Set heavy duty decks in place on top of stage scaffolding to serve as a secure space for performance, seating, or crew activities. Cover it with flooring planks if called for.
history of theology;The study of the development and evolution of theology throughout history.
Finnish;The Finnish language. Finnish is an official and working language of the EU.
work in outdoor conditions;Can cope with the different climate conditions such as heat, rain, cold or in strong wind.
digital game genres;The classification of video games based on their interaction with the game media, such as simulation games, strategy games, adventure games and arcade games.
maintain catalogues of antiquarian goods;Make up inventories of antiquarian products in order to facilitate the search of customers.
automotive engineering;The discipline of engineering that combines mechanical, electrical, electronic, software and safety engineering to design motor vehicles such as trucks, vans and automobiles.
manage event structure installation;Plan and monitor the assembly of structures such as stages, connection to the electricity network, lighting and projection equipment. Make sure the employees work according to customers requirements and safety regulations.
develop agricultural production plans;Develop plans for planting, calculate crop input requirements for all stages of the growth.
conduct sediment control;Manage sediment control processes and projects. Plan sediment control actions to prevent eroded soil from polluting nearby waterways.
assistive technology in education;Digital devices and equipment that support learners with learning, communication or mobility challenges to access educational resources and achieve their full potential. It includes software such as text to speech and optical character recognition.
model power electronics;Model and simulate power electronics systems, products, and components using technical design software. Assess the viability of the product and examine the physical parameters to ensure a successful production process.
provide anti-cancer medical treatment;Determine the cancer treatment appropriate for the patient, considering chemotherapy, hormonal therapy and targeted therapy such as immunotherapy.
construct moulds;Construct moulds for the casting of objects in plaster, clay, glass, plastic or metal. Use casting machines and materials such as rubber, plaster or fibreglass.
green computing;The use of ICT systems in an environmentally responsible and sustainable manner, such as the implementation of energy-efficient servers and central processing units (CPUs), reduction of resources and correct disposal of e-waste.
musculoskeletal anatomy;The human musculoskeletal system, comprising of the skeleton, muscles, cartilage, tendons, joints and other connective tissue that supports and binds tissues and organs together. The human musculoskeletal systems primary functions, such as supporting the body, allowing motion, and protecting vital organs.
operate biogas plant;Operate equipment which treats energy crops and waste from farms, called anaerobic digesters. Ensure the equipment functions correctly in the transformation of biomass to biogas which is used for the generation of heat and electricity.
assess trim of vessels;Assess the trim stability of vessels, referring to the stability of a vessel while it is in a static condition.
detect malfunctions in train control systems;Detect malfunctions in train control systems such as radios, radar systems, and electronic and electromagnetic components.
building systems monitoring technology;Computer-based control systems that monitor mechanical and electrical equipment in a building such as HVAC, security and lighting systems.
write Ukrainian;Compose written texts in Ukrainian.
electronic test procedures;Testing protocols that enable a variety of analyses of electronic systems, products, and components. These tests include the testing of electrical properties, such as voltage, current, resistance, capacitance, and inductance as well as the testing of specific electronic components, such as the electron tubes, semiconductors, integrated circuits, and batteries. These tests include visual inspection, performance tests, environment tests, and safety tests.
control animal movement;Direct, control or restrain some or part of an animals, or a group of animals, movement.
execute vehicle maintenance;Execute vehicle maintenance based on supplier or manufacturer instructions. This might include cleaning vehicle engine, cleaning vehicle interior and exterior, maintaining mileage and fuel records, performing non-mechanical maintenance tasks. Service small engines including hydraulic equipment. Check the oil and fluid levels on all equipment. Check vehicles and equipment to insure that they are in smooth and safe working order.
set up tower crane;Assist in the installation of a tower crane. Set the mast plumb and pour concrete onto the base to secure it. Bolt the mast into the concrete. Add progressively more pieces to the mast, usually using a mobile crane. Add the operators cabin on top of the mast and attach the jibs piece by piece.
sell services;Encourage sales by identifying the customer’s buying needs and by promoting benefits and features of the organisation’s services. Respond to and resolve customer objections and agree to mutually beneficial terms and conditions.
psychiatric diagnostics;The diagnostic systems and scales applied in psychiatry to determine the type of mental health disorder in adults, children and elderly.
parasitology;The microbiology field that study parasites, their formation, and their hosts.
transfer uncut audiovisual material to computer;Transfer uncut audiovisual materials to a computer, synchronise them and store them.
use venepuncture procedure equipment;Make use of the instruments and tools such as tourniquet, alcohol wipes, gauze sponges, sterilized needles and syringes, adhesive bandages, gloves and evacuated collection tubes, used in the procedure for collecting blood from patients.
place record labels;Place record labels over top and bottom centre pins of the press, manually or by the use of lacquers.
examine samples in dermatology;Prepare tissue, blood or skin samples for examination procedures and analyse them by running chemical and biological tests.
install frameless glass;Set frameless glass panes, usually in showers and on bathtubs. Use plastic shims to make sure the glass doesnt touch any hard surfaces, which may cause scratching or breaking. Make sure the glass is level and attach any brackets to keep the glass in place. Waterproof the edges with silicone rubber caulk.
direct rigging equipment operators;"Provide guidance to rigging equipment operator; provide assistance during setting up and removing rigging equipment."
write research proposals;Synthetise and write proposals aiming to solve research problems. Draft the proposal baseline and objectives, the estimated budget, risks and impact. Document the advances and new developments on the relevant subject and field of study.
apply conflict management;Take ownership of the handling of all complaints and disputes showing empathy and understanding to achieve resolution. Be fully aware of all Social Responsibility protocols and procedures, and be able to deal with a problematic gambling situation in a professional manner with maturity and empathy.
business requirements techniques;The procedures required to identify and analyse business and organisational needs.
interact verbally in English;Communicate orally  in English.
care for food aesthetic;Convey presentation and aesthetic elements into the production of food. Cut products properly, manage right quantities into the product, care for the attractiveness of the product.
types of pallets;The structure, properties and use of the two main types of pallets: stringer and block pallets.
apply export strategies;Follow and implement strategies according to the size of the company and possible advantages towards the international market. Set goals to export products or commodities to the market, in order to minimize risks for potential buyers.
understand spoken Bosnian;Comprehend orally expressed ?Bosnian.
advise on risk management;Provide advice on risk management policies and prevention strategies and their implementation, being aware of different kinds of risks to a specific organisation.
make legal decisions;Make decisions in legal cases in order to reach an official conclusion which has to be enforced, creating a decision which is legally binding for the parties involved in the case.
Informatica PowerCenter;The computer program Informatica PowerCenter is a tool for integration of information from multiple applications, created and maintained by organisations, into one consistent and transparent data structure, developed by the software company Informatica.
rail construction engineering;"Thoroughly understand the nature of rail construction engineering; understand safety requirements and related security standards and procedures, to ensure that designs optimise constructability and maintainability."
optimise production processes parameters;Optimise and maintain the parameters of the production process such as flow, temperature or pressure.
prototyping in the wearing apparel industry;The main principles of prototyping for the manufacturing of wearing apparel and made-up textiles: sizes, body measurements, specification, and behaviour of fabrics after cutting.
interpret customer non-verbal communication;Interpret the non-verbal communication signals of customers, e.g. to assess personality traits or current mood. Use observations to tailor services to the client.
select mould types;Select the appropriate type and size of mould based on the operation.
assist individuals with disabilities in community activities;Facilitate the inclusion of individuals with disabilities in the community and support them to establish and maintain relationships through access to community activities, venues and services.
buffing motions;The different processes, or motions, used in polishing, depending on the desired end result concerning the level of smoothness and shininess of the metal workpiece: cut motion or colour motion.
identify learning disorders;Observe and detect symptoms of Specific Learning Difficulties such as attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), dyscalculia, and dysgraphia in children or adult learners. Refer the student to the correct specialised educational expert if necessary.
use questioning techniques;Formulate questions appropriate to the purpose, such as eliciting accurate information or supporting the learning process.
manage mediation staff;Manage, direct and coach the museum or any art facility education and mediation staff.
conduct analysis of ship data;Collect information from a vessels management software and cross reference it to analyse the data from different points of view and inform decision-making.
decide on make-up process;Define the make-up materials and methods you willl use.
manage physiotherapy staff;Recruit, train, manage, develop and supervise physiotherapy staff where appropriate, ensuring provision of a clinically effective service to clients, recognising the need for further training both for oneself and other physiotherapy staff.
operate rotary vacuum-drum filter;Set up and monitor the machine that produces pads or cakes by creating a vacuum to draw the slurry through a filter onto the rotating drum and to remove moisture.
communicate verbal instructions;Communicate transparent instructions. Ensure that messages are understood and followed correctly.
animal transport regulations;The legal requirements relating to safe and efficient transport of animals.
use water disinfection equipment;Operate equipment for water disinfection, using different methods and techniques, such as mechanical filtration, depending on needs.
tend glass forming machines;Tend automatic glass forming machines by setting them up and operating them in order to press, blow, or spin gobs of molten glass in moulds having end-products such as bottles, containers or cathode ray tubes.
solder lead came joints;Soldering of lead came windows and joints.
human-robot collaboration;Human-Robot Collaboration is the study of collaborative processes in which human and robot agents work together to achieve shared goals. Human-Robot Collaboration (HRC) is an interdisciplinary research area comprising classical robotics, human-computer interaction, artificial intelligence, design, cognitive sciences and psychology. It is related to the definition of the plans and the rules for communication to perform a task and achieve a goal in a joint action with a robot.
use clinical assessment techniques;Use clinical reasoning techniques and clinical judgement when applying a range of appropriate assessment techniques, such as mental status assessment, diagnosis, dynamic formulation, and potential treatment planning.
interact verbally in Spanish;Communicate orally in Spanish.
plumbing tools;A variety of common plumbing tools and their usage cases, limitations and risks.
inspect clocks;Inspect clocks and watches and their components for any defects, deterioration or damage. Check electronic timepieces with measuring and testing instruments.
explain financial jargon;Explain all details of financial products in plain words to clients, including financial terms and all costs.
develop strategic plans for physiotherapy services;Contribute to the development of systems, policies and procedures for the provision of physiotherapy services, sharing knowledge and contributing to internal and external learning opportunities.
occupational medicine;Occupational medicine is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
monitor casino finances;Monitor and review the finances and betting accounts of a casino.
understand spoken Persian;Comprehend orally expressed Persian.
adjust production schedule;Adjust work schedule in order to maintain permanent shift operation.
advise customers on appropriate pet care;Provide information to customers on how to feed and care for pets, appropriate food choices, vaccination needs, etc.
stretch belts;Stretch the belts to fit the moulds, fastening multiple moulds using a metal rod nut.
metal and metal ore products;The offered metal and metal ore products, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
announce amusement park attractions;Announce and promote amusement park attractions, games and entertainment to potential visitors.
woodworking processes;Steps in the processing of wood for the manufacturing of wooden articles and types of machines used for these processes such as drying, shaping, assembling and surface finishing.
systems thinking;The integrated approach to understanding how various constituents of a system interrelate, interact and influence one another within a whole logistic system.
procedures associated with different air navigation areas;Know relevant information related to various air navigation areas, including the availability of air navigation facilities and services and the procedures associated with them, as well as general air navigation procedures.
analyse unemployment rates;Analyse data and perform research concerning unemployment in a region or nation in order to identify causes for unemployment and possible solutions.
use locksmith equipment;Use specialised tools and equipment to operate on locking devices and keys such as lock picks, tension wrenches, key turners and lever picks, destructive opening tools and grinders and milling machines.
horse riding equipment;Equipment used for riding horses such as a saddle or stirrups.
variety of botanicals;Principles of botanicals with a primary focus in herbaceous and annual plants in raw form.
Apache Tomcat;The open-source web server Apache Tomcat provides a Java web server environment which uses a built in container where HTTP requests are loaded, allowing the Java web applications to run on local and server based systems.
edit negatives;Use different software products and techniques to process photographic negatives and adapt the images to the desired specifications.
carry out job analysis;Research and perform studies on occupations, analyse and integrate data to identify the content of jobs, meaning the requirements to perform the activities, and deliver the information to business, industry or government officials.
teach arts principles;Instruct students in the theory and practice of arts and crafts and the fine arts, whether recreationally, as part of their general education, or with the aim of assisting them in pursuing a future career in this field. Offer instruction in courses such as drawing, painting, sculpting and ceramics.
contribute to an artistic approach;Contribute to the development of an artistic approach. Help the choreographer develop his or her artistic intent, grasping the works identity, participating in the creative process.
exert a goal-oriented leadership role towards colleagues;Embrace a leadership role in the organisation and with colleagues as to provide coaching and direction to subordinates aiming at the achievement of specific objectives.
water currents;Understand impact of water currents on fish farms, in cages, ponds, lagoons and rivers.
counsel patients on improving hearing;Counsel and instruct patients with hearing problems to help them improve their communication, guiding them to solutions like sign language or lip-reading.
respond to inquiries in written form;Draft concise and to-the-point answers in order to reply, in a written form, to entering inquiries formulated in written formats as well.
discuss weight loss plan;Talk with your client in order to discover their nutritional and exercise habits. Discuss weight loss goals and determine a plan to reach these goals.
ensure the provision of resources for physical activity;Ensure the physical resources (equipment, materials, premises, services and energy supplies) required to carry out planned physical activities and sports in the organisation.
comply with food safety and hygiene;Respect optimal food safety and hygiene during preparation, manufacturing, processing, storage, distribution and delivery of food products.
assist in developing practices for well being of employees;Help in policies development , practices and cultures that promote and maintain the physical, mental and social well-being of all workers, in order to prevent sick leave.
find grants;Detect possible grants for their organisation by consulting the foundation or agency offering the funding.
counselling methods;Counselling techniques used in different settings and with various groups and individuals, especially concerning methods of supervision and mediation in the counselling process.
lead process optimisation;Lead process optimisation using statistical data. Design experiments on the production line and functional process control models.
use a computer;Utilise computer equipment or digital devices to facilitate quality control, data management, and communication. Follow instructions given by a computer programme, create computer files or documents.
maintain amusement park equipment;Maintain exhaustive inventories of equipment in venues and amusement parks.
protect workpiece components from processing;Cover parts from being treated with chemicals in order to protect them.
develop original melodies;Create impromptu compositions for accompaniment or solo parts, for vocal or instrumental performance in different musical genres.
software UI design patterns;The reusable solutions and formalised best practices to solve common user interface tasks in software development and design.
adjust the varnish mixture;Adjust the mixed elements in order to create the proper varnish by adding oil when the gum becomes liquid.
make health, safety and environment assessments;Execute health, safety and environmental assessments to ensure proper working environment and conditions.
test wind turbine blades;Test new designs of wind turbine blades which are meant for usage on wind farms, ensuring that the blades are functional and safe for usage on the target wind farm.
provide professional care in nursing;Provide professional care, adequate to the health and nursing care needs of the individuals, families and groups, taking into account the scientific developments, as well as the quality and safety requirements established in accordance with the legal/professional conduct regulations.
counsel healthcare users on medicines;Discuss and agree with healthcare users on the appropriate use of medicines, providing the healthcare user with sufficient information to assure the safe and proper use of the medicine.
advise on credit rating;Provide advice on the debtors ability, be it a government institution or a business, to pay back its debt.
perform necessary checks before moving aircraft onto stand;"Perform a series of standard checks before bringing aircraft into a stand; check service equipment and check for oil/fuel spills; check activities on adjacent stands, etc."
create patterns for footwear;Produce the mean form or shell, a two-dimensional representation of the three-dimensional shape of the last. Create scaled patterns for uppers and bottom components by manual methods from the designs.
understand written Icelandic;Read and comprehend written texts in Icelandic.
childbirth;The process of delivering a baby, the symptoms and signs of labour, the expulsion of the baby and all the related steps and procedures, including the ones related to complications and pre-mature birth.
conform to alcohol regulations;Ensure legal standards and specifications, such as the alcohol levels of EU and the country of export, are met.
oversee guest laundry service;Ensure that guest laundry is collected, cleaned and returned to a high standard and in a timely fashion.
provide nursing care for hospitalised animals;?Plan and provide nursing care to hospitalised animals, conducting a range of activities related to areas including fluid and nutrition, hygiene and grooming, comfort and pain management, toileting, positioning and exercise, attention and enrichment, and the nursing environment.
complementary and alternative medicine;Medical practices which are not part of the standard care in healthcare.
monitor forage grazing plans;Supervise the forage plan for grazing following the chosen production system. Determine the required quantity of conserved forages and the grazing plan based on the production systems and available resources.
balneotherapy;The use of therapeutic baths to treat a variety of conditions, through relaxation, massage or stimulation techniques. This includes the beneficial properties of mineral waters and mud-wrapping techniques.
use traditional carpet making techniques;Create carpets using traditional or local techniques. Use methods such as weaving, knotting or tufting to create handicraft carpets from wool or other textiles.
energy transformation;The processes undergone by energy when changing its form from one state into the other.
evaluate vineyard quality;Help in assessing the vineyard and varietal fruit. Supervise receipt and evaluation of fruit according to quality parameters and specifications.
teach communication sciences;Instruct students in the theory and practices of mass media, communication methods, journalistic practices, and persuasive communication.
provide psychological support to patients;Provide accurate psychological and emotional support to anxious, vulnerable and confused healthcare users related to the treatment undergone.
operate sleeper clipping unit;Operate a machine that installs metal fastening clips onto railway sleepers. Attach the rails to the sleepers securely by using manual equipment.
develop agricultural policies;Develop programmes for development of new technologies and methodologies in agriculture, as well as the development and implementation of improved sustainability and environmental awareness in agriculture.
prepare exercise session;Prepare equipment and facilities for the session ensuring compliance with industry and national guidelines for normal operating procedures and plan timings and sequences for the session.
ensure operability of protective equipment;Monitor and maintain the equipment used during remediation activities such as disinfection, decontamination, radiation removal or pollution control, in order to ensure that the equipment is functional and able to control the hazard and protect the remediation workers.
read broadcast programming;Read the programming schedule in order to know which programs need to be recorded and aired.
inspect pipelines;"Walk flow lines to identify damage or leaks; use electronic detection equipment and conduct visual inspections."
understand written Tamil;Read and comprehend written texts in Tamil.
manage psychotherapeutic relationships;Establish, manage and maintain the therapeutic relationship between psychotherapist and patient and client in a safe, respectful and effective way. Establish a working alliance and self-awareness in the relationship. Make sure the patient is aware that his/her interests are a priority and manage out-of-session contact.
reprography;The process of reproducing, reprinting, or copying graphic material especially by mechanical or electronic means such as photography or xerography.
operate hammer mill;Operate a mill that uses little hammers to shred various material into smaller pieces.
operate a camera;Capture moving images with a camera. Operate the camera skilfully and safely to obtain high quality material.
estimate costs in farm;Provide cost analysis for relevant solutions and proposed actions taking into account the farm type and long term planning principles.
process incoming electronics supplies;Receive incoming electronics supplies, handle the transaction and enter the supplies into any internal administration system.
produce content for tourism brochures;Create content for leaflets and tourism brochures, travel services and package deals.
advise on acquisitions;Provide advice based on existing and planned acquisitions and investigate acquisition options.
biomedicine;The study of the human body in relation to medicine and the environment. This includes the applications and practices involved in biological and natural sciences.
operate brazing equipment;Use equipment designed for brazing processes in order to melt and join together pieces of metal or steel.
monitor aviation growth trends;"Stay up-to-date with aviation growth trends and innovations; understand the key components of the airports long range development plans."
document costume stock;Keep records of the costumes held in stock. Track all relevant properties of the costumes and how they are used.
social alliances;The creation of partnerships between different actors (businesses, non-profit organisations or public sector organisations) through which they share resources and knowledge for a common cause: typically to solve a social or environmental challenge.
unload raw material for animal feed;Receive and unload purchased raw materials received for production of animal feed. Transfer the material to the appropriate zone or vehicle.
apply psychological intervention strategies;Use various intervention strategies to treat patients in clinical psychology.
sort waste;Manually or automatically sort waste by separating it into its different elements.
Sass;The computer language Sass is a style sheet language that conveys the presentation of structured documents. These documents have to adhere to style sheets, a set of stylistic rules such as font, color and layout.
dermatology;Dermatology is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
ensure no harmful effects on feed additives;Ensure that feed additives undergo scientific evaluation to assess if the additive has any harmful effects on human or animal health or on the environment.
manage inspections of equipment;Monitor formal or official viewings and examinations in order to regularly test and inspect property and equipment.
audiometry;The way hearing acuity is measured, specifically related to sound intensity and pitch and tonal purity in order to diagnose hearing impairment and related disorders.
teach teaching principles;Instruct students in the theory and practice of teaching, more specifically in the different teaching methods, classroom management, and learning processes.
biological haematology;Biological haematology is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
meet commitments;Perform ones tasks in a self-disciplined, reliable and goal-oriented manner.
install locks;Fit a lock into a compatible door. Install the lock for optimal security.
demonstrate use of hardware;"Provide customers with information about the quality of hardware, equipment and tools; demonstrate correct and safe product use."
prepare tableware;Guarantee that plates, cutlery and glassware are clean, polished and in good condition.
operate monogram-printing device;Set up and operate monogram-printing device to print brand on cigarette paper at specified position.
design cloud architecture;Design a multi-tier cloud architecture solution, which tolerates faults and is fit for the workload and other business needs. Identify elastic and scalable computing solutions, select high-performing and scalable storage solutions, and choose high-performing database solutions. Identify cost-effective storage, computing, and database services in the cloud.
lead military troops;Lead the actions of military troops on the field during a mission, either combat, humanitarian or otherwise defensive, compliant with the strategies devised prior to the operation and ensuring communication with other troops is maintained.
perform forensic examinations;Perform forensic examinations on a scene or in a laboratory of gathered data, in a manner compliant with forensic procedures, and to analyse the data using forensic methods.
develop waste management processes;Develop equipment, methods, and procedures which can be applied in various types of waste treatment and disposal facilities in order to improve efficiency of waste management processes, reduce environmental impact, and ensure the safety of staff operational in waste management.
establish an ICT security prevention plan;Define a set of measures and responsibilities to ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information. Implement policies to prevent data breaches, detect and respond to unathorised access to systems and resources, including up-to-date security applications and employee education.
plan youth activities;Run projects organised for young people such as arts-based activities, outdoor education and sporting activities.
operate fishing equipment machinery;Set up and operate machinery to form fishing equipment or accesories such as rods, hooks and lines.
use global distribution system;Operate a computer reservations system or a global distribution system to book or reserve transportations and accommodations.
operate maritime lifting equipment;"Operate motorised winches and hoists used by marine riggers; assist in the operation of sail-powered systems."
temper chocolate;Heat and cool chocolate using marble slabs or machines in order to obtain the desired characteristics for different applications like shininess of the chocolate or the way it breaks.
hardware platforms;The characteristics of the hardware configuration required to process the applications software product.
identify suppliers;Determine potential suppliers for further negotiation. Take into consideration aspects such as product quality, sustainability, local sourcing, seasonality and coverage of the area. Evaluate the likelihood of obtaining beneficial contracts and agreements with them.
conduct shelf studies;Lead and manage shelf studies on products of a company and also products of other producers as to determine the position of the company in the market.
clean off fouling;Clean off fouling in aquaculture facilities.
design power electronics;Design and develop power electronics systems, products, and components according to specifications. Select suitable ancillary devices for the intended application.
quality assurance procedures;The procedures to inspect a product or system to ensure that it is according to specifications and requirements.
manage safety standards for inland water transport;Manage and maintain safety standards and procedures in the field of inland water transport. Ensure that before dispatching any vessel, all regulations and standards are met. May also be required to act as a member of an Emergency Response Team.
promote inclusion in organisations;Promote diversity and equal treatment of genders, ethnicities and minority groups in organisations in order to prevent discrimination and ensure inclusion and a positive environment.
study communications channels for different employers/contractors;Research and test target employers/contractors and find out what ways they prefer to access  work, contact, etc.
coordinate greenhouse environment;Take care of the heating and cooling of greenhouses. Work together with the Grounds and Buildings Manager in keeping the irrigation systems and the horticultural equipment in good condition.
computer forensics;The process of examining and recovering digital data from sources for legal evidence and crime investigation.
purchase raw material supplies;Manage logistics of purchasing supplies of the raw materials for the tannery to ensure efficient operations of the tannery and meet clients requirements
assist during take off and landing;Assist captain in take-off and landing procedures by operating communication equipment.
handle helpdesk problems;Investigate what causes problems, test and improve solutions in order to reduce number of calls to the helpdesk.
instruct on technical shore-based operations;Instruct crew members in the pre- and after activities relating to the operations of technical shore-based facilities. Understand safety regulations required to work with shipboard electrical systems.
design well paths;Design and calculate multilateral and horizontal well paths.
political parties;The ideas and principles that political parties stand for and the politicians representing them.
change shelf labels;Change labels on shelves, according to the location of products displayed on vending machines.
innovate in footwear and leather goods industry;Innovate in the footwear and leather goods sector. Evaluate new ideas and concepts to turn them into marketable products. Use entrepreneurial thinking in all stages of the product and process development to identify new business opportunities for the targeted markets.
explain interview purposes;Explain the main purpose and objective of the interview in a manner that the recipient understands and responds to the questions accordingly.
tend bottle-washing machine;Tend bottle-washing machine ensuring that flow of bottles is fluent, machine input is sufficient, and maintenance is according to requirements.
survey sites for pipeline installation;Perform surveys of different kinds of sites, such as inland or maritime site, for the planning and construction of pipeline infrastructure.
install wood elements in structures;Install elements made of wood and wood-based composite materials, such as doors, stairs, plinths, and ceiling frames. Assemble and affix the elements, taking care to prevent gaps.
international trade;The economic practise and study field that address the exchange of goods and services across geographic borders. The general theories and schools of thought around the implications of international trade in terms of exports, imports, competitivity, GDP, and role of multinational companies.
operate pumping equipment;"Operate pumping equipment; oversee gas and oil transport from wellheads to refineries or storage facilities."
blood donation;The procedures related to collecting blood samples from volunteers, the screening testing against disease and the follow-up.
investigate aircraft accidents;Thoroughly investigate aircraft accidents, collisions, crashes or other aviation incidents.
operate vibratory feeder in food production;Operate vibratory feeder in order to separate beans and grains from shells and waste. A high frequency vibratory feeder gently and evenly feeds the product, such as almonds, into the hard shell cracker without breakage.
develop competition policies;Develop policies and programmes which regulate practices of free trade and competition between businesses and ban practices which impede free trade, by controlling firms attempting to dominate a market, monitoring operations of cartels, and supervising mergers and acquisitions of large firms.
follow switching instructions in rail operations;Read and comprehend the instructions on switching rail cars and wagons, and perform switching operations accordingly.
information security strategy;The plan defined by a company which sets the information security objectives and measures to mitigate risks, define control objectives, establish metrics and benchmarks while complying with legal, internal and contractual requirements.
design transportation systems;Outline and design airports, public transport systems and highways in order to assess how to move people and goods in a safe and efficient manner.
develop awareness for your group participants;Identify and record the learning that has taken place both for individuals in the group and for yourself to support development of quality in the work produced.
guarantee students safety;Ensure all students falling under an instructor or other person’s supervision are safe and accounted for. Follow safety precautions in the learning situation.
slaughter fur animals;Kill fur animals as humanely as possible within budget limits and in accordance with national legislation.
record survey data;Gather and process descriptive data by using documents such as sketches, drawings and notes.
shunt inbound loads;Shunt inbound freight loads to and from railcars for inbound and outbound trains.
advise on personnel management;Advise senior staff in an organisation on methods to improve relations with employees, on improved methods for hiring and training employees and increasing employee satisifaction.
work with motion picture editing team;Work together with the motion picture editing team during post-production. Make sure the finished product is according to specifications and creative vision.
pour molten metal into moulds;"Pour molten steel or metal into moulds; operate by hand or by using cranes."
use spreadsheets;Use spreadsheet documents for organisation, analysis and data storage in tabular form.
design interaction model;Design and develop an interaction model. Design a multi-turn conversation, use built-in intents and slots, handle unexpected conversational requests or responses, design multi-modal skills using one or more service interfaces (for example, audio, video, and gadgets).
design floor;Plan a floor to be created from different types of materials, like wood, stone or carpet. Take into account the intended use, space, durability, sound, temperature and moisture concerns, environmental properties and aesthetics.
monitor rail pickup machine;Monitor the work train machine that picks up removed rails for transport. Make sure the rails are safely removed and loaded into a storage car.
medicines;The medicines, their nomenclature and the substances used in the manufacture of medicines.
non vessel operating common carrier regulations;Understand regulations and rules in the field of non vessel operating common carriers (NVOCC), common carriers that do not operate the vessels by which ocean transportation is provided.
test improved aeronautical information management systems;"Test functionality of systems before releasing them; test potential impacts and predict final outcome."
perform records management;Manage the life-cycle of records of institutions, indivduals, corporate bodies, collections, oral history.
coordinate the ship crew;Coordinate the daily activities of the crew. Ensure that each member of the deck department understands and performs his/her assigned duties adequately. Assist the captain with training and orientation of new crew. Coordinate line-handling during manoeuvres. Monitor deck maintenance and safety. Plan each days work to achieve the most from each deck crewmember.
accept feedback on artistic performance;Accept feedback, proposed discussions and avenues of exploration about the precision of movements, rhythm, musicality, precision of the performance, interaction with peers and stage elements, areas requiring improvement. Take feedback into account to develop the potential as performer. Note the choreographers/repetiteur/dance master instructions, the instructions of other collaborators (dramaturge, performers/dancers peers, musicians, etc.) assuring being in the same page with direction team.
identify the needs of your participants;Identify through observation the needs of your participants and determine what you will do to meet their needs in the session.
work in an organised manner;Stay focused on the project at hand, at any time. Organise, manage time, plan, schedule and meet deadlines.
read scripts;Read a playbook or film script, not only as literature, but identifying, actions, emotional states, evolution of characters, situations, different sets and locations, etc.
mix ink;Tend a computer-guided dispenser that mixes different shades of ink to obtain the desired colour.
treat snoring problems;Treat snoring problems using special appliances and/or laser surgery.
maintain vacuum chamber;Maintain the chamber or tank used in production processes to manufacture a workpiece in vacuum by preconditioning it, cleaning it, performing gas purging, changing the door seals, changing the filters, and others.
conclude business agreements;Negotiate, revise, and sign mercantile and business documents such as contracts, business agreements, deeds, purchases and wills, and bills of exchange.
legislation about animal origin products;The applicable legal rules on temperature, waste materials, traceability, labelling, trading, and the transport of animal origin products. 
assign homework;Provide additional exercises and assignments that the students will prepare at home, explain them in a clear way, and determine the deadline and evaluation method.
determine appropriate heating and cooling system;Determine the appropriate system in relation to available energy sources (soil, gas, electricity, district etc) and that fit the NZEB demands.
write Punjabi;Compose written texts in Punjabi.
use ophthalmic instruments;Use specialised instruments in ophthalmology such as phoropter, tonometers, wire speculum, iris forceps, lid plate or Beer`s knife.
supervise script preparation;Supervise script preparation, maintenance, and distribution for all productions.
radioactive contamination;The different causes of the presence of radioactive substances in liquids, solids, or gases or on surfaces, and the manner in which to identify the types of contaminants, their risks, and the contaminants concentration.
perform failure analysis of production process;Analyse the causes and effects of the errors which can occur during the production process, in order to minimise accidents and maximise customer satisfaction and safety.
maintain pricing database;Maintain internal and external database to ensure that all pricing data are permanently accurate and up-to-date.
production processes;Materials and techniques required in the production and distribution processes.
optical character recognition software;The software that electronically converts printed and typed images into machine-encoded text so that documents can be electronically stored, edited and digitally displayed.
use wood chisel;Use chisels or scrapers to scrape the wood and remove irregularities.
interpreting modes;The various ways of translating a language orally, such as simultaneous, consecutive, relay, whispered or liaison.
use new technologies in food manufacturing;Keep abreast of new technologies and innovations in all fields of food manufacturing. Read articles and maintains an active exchange with peers in benefit of the company and its products.
hazardous materials transportation;Regulations and safety procedures which are involved in the transportation of hazardous materials and products, such as hazardous waste, chemicals, explosives, and flammable materials.
analyse loans;Examine and analyse the loans provided to organisations and individuals through different forms of credit such as overdraft protection, export packing credit, term loan, and purchase of commercial bills.
cope with challenging circumstances in the veterinary sector;Maintain a positive attitude during challenging situations such as a misbehaving animal. Work under pressure and adapt to the circumstances in a positive manner.
rescue in road accidents;Save and extricate victimes of road traffic accidents.
implement footwear marketing plan;Implement marketing plans according to company specifications, complying with market demand.
assist children with homework;Help children with school tasks. Assist the child with the interpretation of the assignment and the solutions. Make sure the child studies for tests and exams.
position engraving equipment;Position and clamp work pieces, plates, or rollers in holding fixtures.
finish animal structure;Finish the animals structure by attaching other parts and accessories to the structure, such as a nose, ears, eyes or tail. For bigger animals, glue also the skin to the structure of the animal.
type error-free documents;Type documents and written content in general avoiding any grammatical or spelling errors. Type documents in a fast pace without compromising the quality of the outcome.
manage technical resources stock;Manage and monitor technical resources stock to ensure that production demands and deadlines can be met at all times.
prepare dairy products for use in a dish;Prepare dairy products for use in a dish by cleaning, cutting or using other methods.
minimise shipping cost;Ensure the safe and cost-efficient delivery of shipments.
educate customers on tea varieties;Instruct customers about origins, characteristics, differences in flavours and blends of tea products.
trap animals;Use devices such as animal traps to catch or kill wildlife. Trap the animals for the purpose of gaining food or animal products, pest control or wildlife management.
transfer liquid goods;Use appropriate equipment and tools to transfer liquid goods from storage vessels to pipelines and vice versa.
breed rabbits;Prepare a suitable environment for rabbit breeding. Select and prepare the appropriate habitats for specific kinds of rabbits. Monitor the rabbits growth and health and ensure correct feeding. Identify when the rabbits are ready for consumption, scientific or other purposes.
implement airport emergency plans;Design and execute the plan to ensure full implementation of emergency procedures during any crisis or disaster situations. During development of the plan, envision the way crew members should work together during preventative, and actual emergency situations. Manage communications in the airport, prepare evacuation procedures and routes, and restrict access to zones during simulations or real emergency situations.
maxillo-facial, oral, and dental surgery;Maxillo-facial, oral and dental surgery is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
monitor cashiers;Investigate the actions of the checkout staff in order to detect potential incorrect invoicing.
supervise entertainment activities for guests;Oversee camp programmes and activities such as games, sports and entertainment events.
describe flavour of different wines;Describe taste and aroma, also known as flavour, of different wines using the adequate lingo and relying on experience to classify the wines.
patents;The exclusive rights granted by a sovereign state to an inventors invention for a limited period of time in exchange for the public disclosure of the invention.
learning needs analysis;The process of analysing a students learning needs through observation and testing, potentially followed by the diagnosis of a learning disorder and a plan for additional support.
manage patients with acute illnesses;Manage patients of all age groups with acute and urgent illnesses or injuries such as episodic undifferentiated physical and behavioural symptoms or disorders.
apply soldering techniques;Apply and work with a variety of techniques in the process of soldering, such as soft soldering, silver soldering, induction soldering, resistance soldering, pipe soldering, mechanical and aluminium soldering.
particle animation;The field of particle animation, an animation technique in which large numbers of graphic objects are used to simulate phenomena, such as flames and explosions and fuzzy phenomena that are difficult to reproduce using conventional rendering methods.
perform contract reporting and evaluation;Perform ex-post assessment of the deliverables and outcomes of a procurement process to assess the strengths and weaknesses and draw lessons for future calls for tender. Collecting relevant data in line with organisational and national reporting obligations.
customer segmentation;The process whereby a target market is divided into specific sets of consumers for further market analysis.
contribute to continuity of health care;Contribute to the delivery of coordinated and continuous healthcare.
airport planning;"Know airport planning for different types of aircrafts; use that information to mobilise resources and people in order to handle the aircrafts while they are in the airport."
work in a landscape team;Direct the activities of one or more members in a landscape team, or work as an individual part of such a team.
install inverter;Install a power inverter, which converts direct current electricity to alternating current electricity to make the energy compatible with the grid.
conduct metallurgical structural analysis;Perform detailed analysis related to researching and testing new metal products.
plan pyrotechnical effects;Plan the pyrotechnical effects for a performance. Develop an artistic vision into a plan, taking safety into account.
laws on the transportation of dangerous goods;The legal regulations that apply in the transportation of potentially dangerous goods, and the procedures involved in classifying such materials.
clean industrial containers;Clean residual dirt particles from containers. Adapt cleaning process to the customers requirements.
clinical immunology;The pathology of a disease in relation to its immune response and immune system.
operate a lighting console;Operate a light board during rehearsal or live situations, based on visual cues or documentation.
produce smoking pipe parts;Choose the appropriate materials and tools, and build the different parts of a smoking pipe such as the stem, the shank and the lip.
adjust to physical demands;Demonstrate the capacity to endure high physical stress from work or sport. It includes kneeling, standing or running for a long time or working under difficult meteorological conditions such as strong heat, cold and rain.
apply roll roofing;Roll out mats of roofing material, often bituminous asphalt, to cover flat or low-pitched roofs. Apply the felt layer first if required. Make sure there are no gaps so the roof is weatherproof. Firmly attach the layer to the structure.
teach fashion to clients;Provide clients with tips on which clothes and accessories to match, and how patterns or designs on clothing and different garments can influence the clients appearance.
Visual Studio .NET;The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in Visual Basic.
wine characteristics;The origins and characteristics of international wines.
clean confined spaces;Perform required cleaning activities in enclosed or partially enclosed spaces which pose risks to human health and safety such as tanks, wells, manholes and open ditches. Take all the preventive measures required when working in such spaces.
health and safety in the textile industry;The requirements, rules and applications of health and safety measures in the textile industry.
nutrition;The science that investigates the various substances and nutrients (proteins, carbohydrates, tannins, anthocyanins, vitamins, and minerals) and their interaction in food products.
drive ambulance under emergency conditions;Drive and operate ambulance in response to emergency situations, at a safe and controlled speed, complying with laws, regulations and standards for this type of activity.
lay bricks;Lay bricks in the specified pattern and apply a layer of mortar to create walls. Make sure every course of bricks is level and flush.
implement marketing strategies;Implement strategies which aim to promote a specific product or service, using the developed marketing strategies.
SA8000;"Know Social Accountability (SA) regulations, a global standard to guarantee the basic rights of workers; provide healthy and safe working conditions."
prepare documents for scanning;Prepare documents for scanning by determining logical breaks and unitization of hard copy documents and assembling and reassembling these afterwards.
provide information on school services;Present information on the educational and support services of a school or university to students and their parents, such as career guidance services or offered courses.
ensure customer focus;Attitude that puts customers at the centre of the business in all cases.
good manufacturing practices;Regulatory requirements and Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) applied in the relevant manufacturing sector.
fisheries management;The principles, methods and equipment used in population management applied to fisheries: the concept of catch, by-catch, fishing effort, maximum sustainable yield, different sampling methods and how to use sampling material.
advise on landscapes;Give advice on the planning, development and care of new and existing landscapes.
present items during auction;"Describe auction items; provide relevant information and discuss item history and value in order to encourage bidding."
understand written Basque;Read and comprehend written texts in ?Basque.
conduct visits to the postmortem room;Guide all visitors to the post-mortem room, making sure they wear the appropriate protective clothing and follow correct procedures. Deal sympathetically with the relatives who may visit the mortuary for identification or viewing of the deceased persons.
blanching machine process;Machines which heat food with steam or water in order to kill bacteria, preserve colour and remove trapped air.
quality criteria for storage facilities;Quality criteria for storage facilities such as safe locking systems, ventilation, regularly inspected fireproofing systems, etc.
organise quality circle;Create a quality circle, where small groups of users come together with a circle leader to discuss significant issues in the quality of the product or its use.
alarm systems;Security systems in buildings and on properties automatically alarming security companies or producing acoustic or audio-visual signals when break-in, theft or damage of property is detected.
prepare training events for teachers;Prepare training sessions and conferences for specific teachers while taking into account the available physical space and participants health and safety.
install cooktops;Install various types of cooktops onto prepared surfaces. Attach gas or electricity supply.
operate powered roof support;Operate a powered roof support system, a hydraulically operated mobile piece of heavy mining equipment which supports the roof of a longwall face.
monitor the process of wine production;Oversee wine production to take decisions, in order to achieve the desired output.
understand spoken Estonian;Comprehend orally expressed Estonian.
clean particular areas manually;Perform cleaning activities in specific areas by hand, when the surface is small or obstructed and the only means to clean such places is manually.
types of essential oils;Distinction of different types of essential oils derived from plants. Healing and therapeutic properties of these, as well as their effect on the body. Methods of diffusion such as through air, inhalation or by topical applications.
communicate in air traffic services;Ensure the implementation of an efficient communication exchange in air traffic services (ATS) involving airport movement areas. Follow procedures within the network.
transport physical resources within the work area;Transport physical resources such as products, equipment, materials, and liquids. Carefully load, transport and unload resources safely and efficiently, keeping the load in good condition.
evaluate focus of community arts practice;Evaluate your working practices before, within and after the sessions using feedback from a variety of sources to support your judgment. Recognise not only where you should be developing your own skills, or applying changes to the program design, but also what aspects of your professional practice can be outsourced to enable you to concentrate on your sessions. Identify where you are under-resourced, reflect on this and think creatively about how to reshape your dance offer to be clear about what you can and cannot take on. Interpret the data collected to create a report of your findings.
advise on curriculum development;Advise education professionals and officials on the development of new curricula or changes in existing curricula.
materials science;Field of science and engineering that researches new materials on the basis of their structure, properties, synthesis, and performance for a variety of purposes, including increasing fire resistance of construction materials.
battery fluids;The characteristics and properties of battery fluids.
business intelligence;The tools used to transform large amounts of raw data into relevant and helpful business information.
manage stocked company material;Maintain company material and stocked product inventory by keeping track of stock profiles and locations.
maintain aquaculture water quality;Maintain water quality in ponds, lagoons and sluices.
advise on mine development;Provide advice on the development and construction of mines, facilities, systems and production rates to assess operational effectiveness.
control the performance of the vehicle;Understand and anticipate the performance and behaviour of a vehicle. Comprehend concepts such as lateral stability, acceleration, and braking distance.
inform on fiscal duties;Inform organisations and individuals on their specific fiscal duties and the legislation and regulations involving fiscal processes, such as tax duties.
purchase fruits and vegetables;Purchase products from local fruit and vegetables suppliers and ensure the freshness of the products.
conduct cleaning tasks;Perform cleaning activities such as tidying the room, making the bed, removing trash and handling laundry and other housekeeping duties, in line with organisational standards.
promote social security programmes;Promote government programmes dealing with the provision of aid to individuals in order to gain support for the development and implementation of social security programmes.
manage digital libraries;Collect, manage and preserve for permanent access digital content and offer to targeted user communities specialised search and retrieval functionality.
manage the operation of propulsion plant machinery;Manage the operative mechanism of the marine diesel engines, steam turbines, gas turbines, and steam boilers.
disinfect surfaces;Apply the correct cleaning procedures, taking into account safe handling of disinfectants, to remove contaminants, pollutants, and bacterial risks, from various surfaces, such as buildings exteriors, vehicles, and roads.
work in a fishery team;Work as part of a crew or team, and meet team deadlines and responsibilities together.
forecast sales over periods of time;Calculate and estimate the expected sales of products and services over different periods of time in order to determine their profitability.
support development of annual budget;Support the development of the annual budget by producing base data as defined by the operations budget process.
assist in general veterinary medical procedures;Assist veterinarians by preparing both the animal and the equipment for medical procedures, and providing care and support to the animal undergoing a medical procedure.
telecommunications engineering;Discipline that combines computer science with electrical engineering to improve telecommunications systems.
consult iconographic sources;Analyse images in order to describe past societies, customs, and cultural movements.
haul cement;Haul the cement from storage, making sure they are cleaned and bundled accordingly in bulk or bags.
solve technical problems;Identify technical problems when operating devices and using digital environments, and solve them (from trouble-shooting to solving more complex problems).
manage truck drivers;Manage the operational performance of truck drivers.
use manual knitting techniques;Create handmade knitted fabrics by using traditional handicraft techniques to knit ropes of yarn.
provide charity services;Provide services for charity causes, or perform an independent activity related to community service, such as providing food and shelter, performing fundraising activities for charitable causes, gathering support for charity, and other charitable services.
bobath therapy;The therapy used to help children and adults after stroke who have movement disorders (cerebral palsy) to improve their ability to move and develop their (lost) skills.
handle glassware;Utilise glassware by polishing, cleaning and storing it properly.
conditions for professional practice of clinical psychology;The institutional, legal and psychosocial conditions for professional practice of clinical psychology with the aim to apply them in the exercise of the psychological profession in health care.
understand spoken Montenegrin;Comprehend orally expressed Montenegrin.
oral surgery;The treating of diseases, injuries and defects that affect the maxillofacial region (face and jaws) and the oral region such as soft and hard tissues of the mouth.
social innovation;Innovative models, products or services which meet a social need and have as a consequence the creation of new collaborations in the social field.
monitor larval growth;Monitor the growth and health of the larvae.
operate oxy-fuel welding torch;Operate a cutting torch fueled by oxyacetylene gas safely to perform welding processes on a workpiece.
perform tests on airport vehicles;Test the suitability of vehicles following maintenance. Ensure that all security and manufacturer specifications have been met before releasing the vehicles to operations in airports.
organism taxonomy;Science of classifying organisms.
tend kiln for glass painting;Tend kilns which are used to affix paint on glass. They may tend gas or electric kilns.
maintain waterbased aquaculture facilities;Clean off fouling and maintain floating and submerged aquaculture structures. Repair floating and submerged aquaculture structures. 
coordinate charity services;Coordinate the provision of charity services to a community or institution in need, such as the recruitment of volunteers and staff, allocation of resources, and managing the activities.
Adobe Photoshop;The computer program Adobe Photoshop is a graphical ICT tool which enables digital editing and composition of graphics to generate both 2D raster or 2D vector graphics. It is developed by the software company Adobe.
seismology;The scientific field of study that deals with the generation of elastic waves and motion on the Earths crust and other celestial bodies.
advocate a cause;Present the motives and objectives of a certain cause, such as a charity cause or political campaign, to individuals or larger audience in order to gather support for the cause.
implement ICT safety policies;Apply guidelines related to securing access and use of computers, networks, applications and the computer data being managed.
assess steps towards meeting requirements of artistic work;Consider your strengths and weaknesses to meet the specific requirement of each role, part... Take into account health and safety principles, self-care, etc.
promote health and safety policies in health services;Promote adherence to local, regional, national and EU Health and Safety legislation, policies, guidelines and protocols.
personalise sports programme;Observe and evaluate individual performance and determine personal needs and motivation to tailor programmes accordingly and in conjunction with the participant
consult students support system;Communicate with multiple parties, including teachers and the family of the student, to discuss the students behaviour or academic performance.
supervise pest and disease control;Scout for pest damage, order pesticides as needed and within given budget, supervise mixing and application of pesticides, maintain records of pesticide application.
communicate with waste collectors;Communicate with workers who collect waste from various places and transport it to the waste treatment facilities in order to ensure optimal cooperation and efficient operation of waste treatment and disposal procedures.
evaluate dogs;Assess whether certain dogs are ready to work as a guide dog or not, whether certain dogs should be withdrawn from the training programme, need extra training or a different approach, etc.
Spanish;The Spanish language. Spanish is an official and working language of the EU.
psychological diagnostics;The psychological diagnostics strategies, methods and techniques concerning health-related experiences and behaviours as well as mental disorders
create gambling games concepts;Imagine the concepts to be used in creating a gambling, betting and lottery game.
prepare, load and unload dangerous goods vehicles;Assemble, load and unload vehicles for the proper transportation of dangerous materials by road.
operate a heat treatment process;Apply heat treatment aimed at preparing and preserving half-finished or finished food products.
write emergency instructions for handling of dangerous goods;Provide written instructions on the handling of dangerous goods in an emergency. The instructions must be composed in a language that every crew member is able to understand.
art collections;The variety of paintings, sculptures, prints, drawings and other works that form collections in a museum and prospective new collections which are of interest for a museum or art gallery.
write Russian;Compose written texts in Russian.
IBM InfoSphere DataStage;The computer program IBM InfoSphere DataStage is a tool for integration of information from multiple applications, created and maintained by organisations, into one consistent and transparent data structure, developed by the software company IBM.
understand written Javanese;Read and comprehend written texts in Javanese.
diagnose diseases of the vascular system;Determine a correct diagnose related to vascular disorders, such as aneurysms of the aorta and other vessels, acute and chronic visceral ischemia including renal artery occlusive disease, extra-cranial cerebrovascular disease, intrathoracic non-coronary vascular disease, acute arterial occlusion, vascular trauma, aortic dissections, venous thromboembolic disease, chronic venous diseases, and lymphedema.
exercise stewardship;Exercise stewardship to ensure the efficient and responsible planning and management of resources.
explain types of coagulation disorders;Explain to patients the types of coagulation disorders and the risks involved, such as thrombosis, strokes, and hemorrhage.
maintain chain hoists;Check, operate and repair chain hoists.
electric clocks;Clocks and watches that use electrical power to measure the passing of time, such as electric, electronic, digital or quartz clocks and watches.
attend sports training;Attend scheduled practice or training sessions.
advise on prenatal genetic diseases;Advise patients on reproductive options, including prenatal diagnosis or pre-implantation genetic diagnosis, and direct patients and their families to additional sources of advice and support.
sell optical products;Sell glasses and sunglasses, contact lenses, spectacles, binoculars, cleaning kits and other eye-related products, according to customers needs in terms of optical requirements such as bi-focals, varifocals and reactolite.
check the production schedule;Check the daily and long term schedules for rehearsal, training, performances, season, tour, etc., taking into account the project timeline and all the preparations required by the production.
wood moisture content;The amount of water contained in wood materials. The effect of wood moisture on the size and physical characteristics of the wood. Suitable moisture contents for different uses.
char barrels;Place the barrels in the gas burner where a flame is blasted inside each of them to scorch the interior.
compose condition reports;Document the condition of artworks prior to and after movement and manipulation.
manufacture personal protective equipment made of textile;Manufacture personal protective equipment made out of textiles following standards and norms, and depending on the application of the product.
apply medical first aid on board ship;Apply medical guides and advice by radio to take effective action in the case of accidents or illnesses on-board a ship.
provide physiotherapy diagnosis;Provide a physiotherapy diagnosis/clinical impression of the client`s condition, working with the client to identify impairments, activity and participation limitations resulting from illness, injury and/or ageing, undertaking a holistic approach.
advise policy makers in healthcare;Present research to policy makers, health care providers, and educators to encourage improvements in public health.
gas market;The trends and major driving factors in the gas trading market, gas trades methodologies and practice, and the identification of the major stakeholders in the gas sector.
operate electronic payment terminals;Operate electronic payment terminals to collect credit or debit card payments from the travellers.
climate change impact;The impact of climate change on biodiversity and life conditions for plants and animals.
work ergonomically;Apply ergonomy principles in the organisation of the workplace while manually handling equipment and materials.
develop health and safety strategies in mining;Develop strategies and procedures to manage health and safety in mining. Make sure procedures conform with national law as a minimum.
add colour;Add the required colour according to specifications for tinting batch.
devise choreography;Compose choreographies for individuals and groups of dancers.
characteristics of products;The tangible characteristics of a product such as its materials, properties and functions, as well as its different applications, features, use and support requirements.
develop practices to conduct effective sport club management;Develop practices to conduct effective sport club management. Support the formation of a club, role and structure of a committee, purpose and procedure of meetings, role of club treasurer, role of sponsorship and fundraising, role of marketing and sport promotion, requirements of personnel in event management, basic legal and risk management issues in sport.
intermodalism;Understand intermodalism by calculating, understanding, and responding to its role in changing customer requirements and increasing competitiveness of supply chains in a global marketplace.
customer service;"Processes and principles related to the customer, client, service user and to personal services; these may include procedures to evaluate customers or service users satisfaction."
provide athletic equipment to clients;Supply towels, bathing suits and other equipment and supplies to clients in the spa or swimming facility.
operate the sound in the rehearsal studio;Create cues for any sound technicians and verify their understanding of them. If no sound crew are available, use others cues to operate the sound system.
oversee all travel arrangements;Make sure that travel arrangements run according to plan and ensure effective and satisfactory service, accommodation and catering.
energy saving potential of automated shift systems;Potential to save energy in automated shift systems through mechanisms such as improved efficiency and better anticipation of upcoming events.
offer assistance to national citizens;Offer assistance to national citizens abroad in emergency situations or for matters related to the national jurisdiction.
mix wallpaper paste;Create wallpaper paste from flakes. Use the correct proportions based on manufacturers instructions and circumstances. Mix well to create a smooth paste.
cook pastry products;Prepare pastry products such as tarts, pies or croissants, combining with other products if necessary.
chemical aspects of chocolates;Chemical constitution of chocolate to alter recipes and provide customers with experiences of pleasure.
insurance law;The law and legislation concerning the policies of transferring risks or losses from one party, the insured, to another, the insurer, in exchange for a periodic payment. This includes the regulation of insurance claims and the business of insurance.
communication;Exchanging and conveying information, ideas, concepts, thoughts, and feelings through the use of a shared system of words, signs, and semiotic rules via a medium.
interact verbally in Montenegrin;Communicate orally in Montenegrin.
ensure portion control;Guarantee appropriate serving sizes in line with the style of the menu, customer expectations and cost considerations.
certify the performance of veterinary procedures;Produce descriptive certification of procedures carried out by a veterinarian.
empty community waste collection bins;Empty containers placed on public sites used for the disposal of non-hazardous waste and to transport the waste to waste treatment and disposal facilities.
manage cadastre;Manage the register of the real estate and real propertys metes-and-bounts of a community using cadastral surveys or cadastral maps.
neoplasia;The characteristics of tumour formation, genetics, growth, cellular transformation and clonality.
perform strategic planning in the food industry;Develop and coordinate plans of action in the food industry to assure that quality and deadlines are met in time.
recommend books to customers;Make book recommendations based on the customers reading experience and personal reading preferences.
Bihari;The Bihari language.
Macedonian;The Macedonian language.
religious studies;Study of religious behaviour, beliefs, and institutions from a secular point of view and based on methodologies from various fields such as anthropology, sociology, and philosophy.
identify surveillance devices;Use counter surveillance measures to search and detect surveillance material such as covert listening devices and hidden video devices.
install transport equipment engines;Install engines used in transport equipment such as internal combustion engines, external combustion engines and electrical motors according to blueprints and technical plans by using hand and power tools.
follow ethical code of conduct in transport services;Carry out transport services according to accepted principles of right and wrong. This includes principles of fairness, transparency, and impartiality.
web analytics;The characteristics, tools and techniques for measurement, collection, analysis and reporting of web data to get information on the users behaviour and to improve the performance of a website.
diagnose respiratory diseases;Diagnose diseases affecting the lungs and respiratory system such as asthma, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, chronic bronchitis, pneumonia, tuberculosis and lung cancer, by interpreting information such as laboratory investigations, chest X-rays, bronchoscopy, and spirometry.
telemarketing;Principles and techniques of soliciting potential customers over the phone to perform direct marketing of products or services.
implement improvements in airport operations;Carry out improvement procedures in airport operations based on an understanding of the needs of an airport. Plan and develop improvement procedures using adequate resources.
good laboratory practice;Regulatory requirements and Good Laboratory Practices (GLP) applied in the relevant manufacturing sector.
operate circular saw;Use circular saws or beam cutters to cut through wood or metal.
advise on tax planning;Advise on appropriate strategies to include taxes in the overall financial plan in order to reduce the tax load. Advise on questions related to tax legislation and provide advise on the possible implications that decisions in financial matters can cause in a tax declaration. Advise on questions concerning things such as the creation of a company, investments, recruitments, or company successions.
control livestock disease;Control the spread of disease and parasites in herds, by using vaccination and medication, and by separating sick animals.
delineate mine area;Set out and recover documentation such as marks or stakes to be used in surveying.
Sardinian;The Sardinian language.
manage clinical risk;Improve the quality and safe delivery of healthcare, placing special emphasis on identifying those circumstances that place clients, their families and carers, staff, students and others at risk of harm and act to prevent or control those risks.
schedule hatchery supplies;Schedule hatchery supplies according to priorities.
design firmware;Design the appropriate firmware to a specific electronic system.
dump batches;Dump the batches into conveyors making sure the specifications such as the mixing time are followed.
understand artistic concepts;Interpret an artists explanation or demonstration of their artistic concepts, inceptions and processes and strive to share their vision.
manage securities;Administer the securities owned by the company or organisation, namely debt securities, equity securities and derivatives aiming to get the highest benefit from them.
provide information on chiropractic treatment outcomes;Provide information on therapeutic outcomes and any inherent risks to the client, ensuring that the client understands, and acting in accordance with ethical principles and local/national policies where the client does not have the capacity to understand.
advise on medical products;Provide advice to customers on what medical products can be used for various medical conditions.
ensure health and safety in escort services;Implement and monitor health and safety practices to ensure health and safety of both the client and oneself.
adjust burner controls;Adjust the heat in the burner regulating the thermostat according to the prescribed temperature following each product specification.
tend water jet cutter machine;Tend a jet cutter machine, operating and monitoring the machine, according to regulations.
interact verbally in Icelandic;Communicate orally in Icelandic.
perform stock valuation;Analyse, calculate and appraise the value of the stock of a company. Use mathematic and logarithm in order to determine the value in consideration of different variables.
apply assembly techniques;Apply correct and up-to-date assembly methods in the production development process.
use e-health and mobile health technologies;Use mobile health technologies and e-health (online applications and services) in order to enhance the provided healthcare.
inspect heavy underground mining machinery;Inspect heavy-duty surface mining machinery and equipment. Identify and report defects and abnormalities.
handle scanning material safely;Load and handle the material to be scanned safely and make sure that the scanning equipment is clean.
acquire license for selling tobacco products;Apply for the official license that is required to legally sell tobacco products in a retail store.
transfer bricks;Transfer bricks from the dry-press to the kiln car, stacking them according to specifications.
use earth sciences tools;Employ a number of tools as geophysical, geochemical, geological mapping and drilling to discover mineral deposits.
cope with manufacturing deadlines pressure;Cope with a tight schedule on the manufacturing processes level and take the necessary actions when deadlines approach or when some processes fail.
apply proofing membranes;Apply specialised membranes to prevent penetration of a structure by dampness or water. Securely seal any perforation to preserve the damp-proof or waterproof properties of the membrane. Make sure any membranes overlap top over bottom to prevent water from seeping in. Check the compatibility of multiple membranes used together.
design metal components;Design metal components in response to a need. Provide support by writing documents, manuals, metallurgical investigations, and reports in support of customer liaison.
apply medical first aid in case of emergency;"Take immediate action if you encounter a diving accident or other medical emergency; identify the injuries due to the immersion accident and decide whether to contact medical emergency staff; minimise risk of further harm; support specialised medical staff."
music therapy clinical practice;The therapeutic and musical support provided to facilitate effective treatment involving music-based interventions for patients in the medical setting such as a clinic.
set up a multi-track recording;Make the necessary preparations to record music or other sounds on several tracks.
water chemistry analysis;Principles of complex water chemistry.
perform tram equipment checks;Conduct equipment checks at the start of a shift to ensure that the tram is operating as required.
teach sign language;Instruct students with hearing impairments in the theory and practice of sign language, and more specifically in the understanding, use, and interpretation of these signs.
engage in citizenship through digital technologies;Participate in society through the use of public and private digital services. Seek opportunities for self-empowerment and for participatory citizenship through appropriate digital technologies.
collect geological data;Participate in the collection of geological data such as core logging, geological mapping, geochemical and geophysical surveying, digital data capture, etc.
handle contact lenses;"Demonstrate how to insert, remove and care for contact lenses; ensure that contact lenses will fit correctly and feel comfortable."
support victims of human rights violations;Support individuals or groups who have been a target of abuse, discrimination, violence or other acts which violate human rights agreements and regulations in order to protect them and provide them with necessary aid.
mix multi-track recordings;Mix recorded sound from several sources using a mix panel, and edit it to obtain the desired mix.
understand spoken Japanese;Comprehend orally expressed Japanese.
etiopathy;Alternative medicine therapy which has as its basis the idea that the practitioner uses only his hands to treat the patients symptoms on longer term by diagnosing the deeper cause of the illness.
pharmaceutical products;The offered pharmaceutical products, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
engrave patterns;Engrave and print designs and patterns onto a variety of surfaces.
conduct contact tracing interviews;Interview people to determine the risk of possible contamination with an infectious disease, identify and draw up a list of persons with whom the infected person has been in contact with and do a follow-up conversation to see how the situation evolves.
write Czech;Compose written texts in Czech.
instrumentation equipment;The equipment and instruments used for the monitoring and controlling of processes, such as valves, regulators, circuit breakers, and relays.
set up advertising street furniture;Place new devices and equipment to be used as advertising furniture in urban areas such as free-standing panels or public benches.
chemistry of wood;The chemical composition of every wood species, which consists of a certain percentage of cellulose, hemicellulose, and lignin, and contains carbon, oxygen, hydrogen, nitrogen, and other elements.
maintain pharmaceutical records;Maintain accuracy of prescription records and inventories of medications and pharmaceutical products.
operate corrugator;Set up and monitor the machine that corrugates face paperboard to form corrugated paperboard material for containers. The machine runs paper sheets through splices and corrugating rolls, where steam and heat is applied and flutes are formed. Glue is applied and the flute is fused with two lineboards to produce a single corrugated board.
tend to clients personal items;Make sure that clients personal belongings, such as jewellery, personal documents, CDs and shoes, are properly stored, maintained and returned, according to its value and in line with organisational procedures.
design spatial layout of outdoor areas;Design the spatial layout and functional and architectural appearance of outdoor areas. Integrate green spaces, social spaces, and regulatory aspects in outdoor design.
prepare pieces for joining;Prepare metal or other material workpieces for joining processes by cleaning the workpieces, checking their measurements with the technical plan and marking on the pieces where theyll be joined.
clean negatives;Clean photographic negatives and film negatives after development with a lint-free cloth to remove any dust or debris.
assign codes to product items;Assign correct product class codes and cost accounting codes to items.
international waterways;The international waterways used for maritime navigation, the geographical location of currents, maritime waterways, and harbours.
examine budgets;Analyse time sheets and work charts in order to be able to calculate wages and to detect payroll discrepancies.
health care legislation;The patients` rights and responsibilities of health practitioners and the possible repercussions and prosecutions in relation to medical treatment negligence or malpractice.
prepare road directions;Explore the different routes to the filming locations. Make notes. Create detailed directions to distribute to cast and crew. Make road signs.
perform full leather conversions;Decorate the inside of a vehicle with customised leather upholstery.
provide homologation management services;Provide technical services to vehicle manufacturers in the homologation process. Draft and review the homologation timing plan in line with the manufacturer strategy and report on their implementation and on the results of the programmes. Support vehicle designers and engineers during the compliance checks to ensure that regulatory requirements are met in the early stage of the vehicle development.
provide youth information counselling;Make sure young people are aware of their rights and the services to which they may apply in case of need. This includes providing support in selecting and evaluating the quality of available information, guiding young people in reaching their own decisions and offering customised information on relevant opportunities and services.
study sales levels of products;Collect and analyse sales levels of products and services in order to use this information for determining the quantities to be produced in the following batches, customer feedback, price trends, and the efficiency of sales methods.
utilise computer-aided software engineering tools;Use software tools (CASE) to support the development lifecycle, design and implementation of software and applications of high-quality that can be easily maintained.
advise on bridge inspection;Provide advice on the necessity of inspection or repairs on a bridge and its implications. Educate the land owner about basic bridge health checks and bridge inspection services.
draw stage layouts;Manual drawing or sketching of stage layouts.
design a solar absorption cooling system;Design an absorption cooling generation system with solar regeneration by heat tube collectors. Calculate accurate cooling demand of the building in order to select the right capacity (kW). Make a detailed design of the installation, principle, automatisation strategy, using available products and concepts, select fitted products.
manage plans for the storage of organic by-products;Implement methods and procedures for the storage of organic by-products in line with existing legislation and health and safety policies. Monitor the plans implementation and react to potential issues.
work independently in forestry services;Perform tasks individually in forestry services by taking decisions without help. Handle tasks and tackle with issues or problems without any outside assistance.
tend coagulation tanks;Tend coagulation equipments and machinery such as hammer mills, soap conversion tanks, screens or leach tanks making sure that the coagulation process is according to specifications.
advise contractors;Advises contractors on the interpretation of plans and recommends changes when necessary.
Edmodo;The education network Edmodo is an e-learning platform for creating, administrating, arranging, reporting and delivering e-learning training and connecting teachers, students and parents.
operate breathing equipment;Operate breathing equipment and machines to ensure the patient is administred oxygen during surgery.
understand spoken Croatian;Comprehend orally expressed Croatian.
sightseeing information;The sightseeing information of a particular touristic site.
prevent fraudulent activities;Identify and prevent suspicious merchant activity or fraudulent behaviour.
help to control passenger behaviour during emergency situations;Know how to use life-saving equipment in emergency situations. Provide assistance if leakages, collisions or fires should occur, and support the evacuation of passengers. Know crisis and crowd management, and administer first aid on board.
feed charcoal hoppers;Supply hoppers with wood or with semi processed charcoal utilising the adequate equipment and following security measures.
defence standard procedures;Methods and procedures typical for defence applications such as the NATO Standardization Agreements or STANAGsStandard definitions of the processes, procedures, terms, and conditions for common military or technical procedures or equipment. Guidelines for capability planners, programme managers and test managers to prescribe the necessary technical standards and profiles to achieve interoperability of Communications and Information Systems.
carry out cleaning of road drains;Remove leaves, litter, and other debris to prevent blockages in drains and sewers.
fine arts;The theory and techniques required to compose, produce and perform works of visual arts as drawing, painting, sculpture and other art forms.
define rigging needs for circus acts;Define the specific safety, technical and performance needs for circus acts rigging in a technical rider or description.
breed insects;Prepare a suitable environment for insect breeding. Select and prepare the appropriate terrariums for specific kinds of insects. Monitor the insects growth and health and ensure correct feeding. Identify when the insects are ready for consumption, scientific or other purposes.
assist with emergencies;Take immediate action when an accident or medical emergency happens on-board. Identify the injuries and alert medical emergency staff. Seek to prevent further harm.
apply basic rules of maintenance to leather goods and footwear machinery;Apply basic rules of maintenance and cleanliness on footwear and leather goods production equipment and machines that you operate.
operate pellet press;Set up and monitor the machine which consists of a large drum with perforated rollers with pellet-size holes through which the pellet mix is extruded before being sliced to obtain the desired length.
repair clocks;Identify problems on clocks or watches, check for deterioration, disassemble parts, regulate, adjust, and replace deficient components.
cure tobacco leaves;Perform different tobacco leaves curing methods such as air-curing tobacco, fire-cured tobacco, flue-cured tobacco, and sun-cured tobacco.
electrical stimulation in acupuncture;The technique used in acupuncture where electric conducting pads are placed on a skin area and a low frequency electric current is passed through it to stimulate the acupuncture points.
perform laboratory testing on samples of animals;Conduct and interprete simple procedures in a veterinary practice laboratory on samples of an animal intended to detect, identify, or quantify disease agents, evaluate organ functions, or determine the nature of a disease.
conduct impact evaluation of ICT processes on business;Evaluate the tangible consequences of the implementation of new ICT systems and functions on the current business structure and organisational procedures.
supervise educational staff;Monitor and evaluate the actions of the educational staff such as teaching or research assistants and teachers and their methods. Mentor, train, and give advice to them if necessary.
types of propellants;Field of information which distinguishes different types of propellants such as black gunpowder to forms of smokeless powder derived from nitrocellulose. These create an expanding gas which makes the bullet accelerate from the barrel. Other differences emerge from the expansion rate, size and shape of the powder.
conduct research on speech-related topics;Conduct and direct research on topics related to speech, reporting the results to help in the development of new procedures, technology, or treatments, or the refinement of existing ones.
observe logs;Inspect and observe logs passing on conveyor to detect completeness of the debarking process.
collect samples;Set up and operate equipment to collect water, gas or soil samples for testing.
prepare the ground;Prepare the ground for laying turf or seeding by clearing the area, choosing the optimal soil, choosing the ground deepness and the appropriate fertilisers.
entertainment industry;Figures in the entertainment business such as producers, managers, artists, musicians and technicians.
develop aquaculture strategies;Cultivate strategies for aquaculture plans based on reports and research in order to deal with specific fish farm issues. Plan and organise work activities in order to improve aquaculture production and tackle further problems.
mix treating materials;Mix treating materials including reagents, catalysts and various chemicals.
maintain aquaculture equipment;Supervise and maintain aquaculture equipment and machinery, such as containment systems, lifting gear, transportation gear, disinfection equipment, heating equipment, oxygenation equipment, electrical equipment, air lift pumps, submersible pumps, live fish pumps, vacuum pumps.
maintain working relationships;Ensure effective working relationships with colleagues and others. Maintain them over long periods of time.
crime victims rights;Legal rights to which victims of a crime are entitled to under national law.
manage vault access;Ensure access to vaults is granted to authorised persons and open the vault for financial transactions. Provide vault attendant services.
manage buildings damp problems;Use damp proofing treatment and repairs to eliminate such problems which can damage the structure of walls or furniture, wallpaper, plaster and paintwork.
practise flying movements;Practise flying movements using the appropriate equipment in vertical dance choreography.
maintain privacy in escort services;Offer escort services to clients on a confidential basis. Respect the clients privacy by not disclosing any personal information about them.
maintain records of maintenance interventions;Keep written records of all repairs and maintenance interventions undertaken, including information on the parts and materials used, etc.
read railway circuit plans;Read and comprehend circuit plans during initial construction, during troubleshooting, maintenance, and testing activities and while repairing or replacing components.
set up pricing strategies;Apply methods used for setting product value taking into consideration market conditions, competitor actions, input costs, and others.
develop personal skills;Set goals for personal development and act accordingly. Plan personal development by analysing work experience and establishing areas that need development. Takes part in training sessions considering his/her abilities, possibilities and feedback.
dimension stone;The types of stones that are cut and finished following detailed specifications of size, shape, colour, and durability. Dimensional stones are commissioned for usage in buildings, paving, monuments, and the like.
maintain vehicle records;Maintain vehicle records by accurately recording service operations and repairs.
perform wagon coupling;Performs wagon coupling in marshalling yards. Use coupler mechanisms to connect rolling stock in trains.
wine blending;Blending processes of wines considering factors that affect how wine is perceived by the taster and eliminate anything that may hinder objective testing.
interact with healthcare suppliers;Maintain relationships with suppliers who sell healthcare equipment, tools and supplies.
interact verbally in Welsh;Communicate orally in Welsh.
forensic psychiatry;The psychiatry methods applied, the organsation and duties in both criminal and civil frameworks of justice.
apply 3D imaging techniques;Implement a variety of techniques such as digital sculpting, curve modelling and 3D scanning to create, edit, preserve and use 3D images, such as point clouds, 3D vector graphic and 3D surface shapes.
tend honey extraction machine;Operate a machine such as radial or tangential extractors that extracts honey from combs.
operate pumps;Operate industrial pumps used to remove excess liquid.
assist in administering veterinary anaesthetics;Assist the veterinary surgeon in administering anaesthetics to animals including the maintenance and monitoring of anaesthesia during veterinary procedures.
quality criteria for livestock feed production;Quality assurance approaches, procedures and systems to allow for analysis of feeds and feed ingredients and determine their nutritional value. Evaluation of the functioning of a feed analysis laboratory and of its compliance to international standards.      
organic farming;Principles, techniques and regulations of organic farming. Organic farming or ecological agriculture is an agricultural production method, which places a strong emphasis on environmental protection and ecological balance.
adjust the rubber machines;Set up the rubber machines as required by specifications, regulating their speed, pressure and temperature.
automotive diagnostic equipment;The equipment used to examine automotive systems and components.
monitor machine operations;Observing machine operations and evaluating product quality thereby ensuring conformity to standards.
inspect tax returns;Inspect the documents which declare liability for taxation which is not automatically withheld from wages and salaries to ensure correct taxes are being paid by the liable individuals and organisations.
interpret languages in conferences;Put into practice techniques for interpreting information, either written or spoken, at conferences. Maintain accuracy and nuances of the message from one language to the other.
cut insulation material to size;Cut insulation material to fit snugly into a space if that space is too small, too large, or of an irregular shape.
maintain storage facilities;Maintain or ensure the maintenance of cleaning equipment, heating or air conditioning of storage facilities and the temperature of premises.
control levels of nicotine per cigar;Control the levels of nicotine present in the leaves of tobacco to maintain required levels of nicotine in each cigar and comply with relevant regulations, if any.
conduct religious missions;Conduct missions, developed in a religious context, in foreign countries in order to provide aid and charity services, teach locals on religious matters and found religious organisations in the mission area.
develop irrigation strategies;Plan the deployment of methods and procedures for watering the land by artificial means, taking into account strategies for water use sustainability.\ 
stock fish;Place fish into holding units. Maintain adequate environmental conditions within the unit.
assign duties to agriculture workers;Assign duties, such as the cultivation, irrigation, or harvesting of crops or plants. Supervise product packaging or grading and equipment maintenance.
manage alarm system;Set up and maintain system for detection of intrusions and unauthorised entries into a facility.
maintain terrazzo;Treat old terrazzo replacing missing granules or mosaics, using chemicals to obtain the desired colour, sanding and polishing to give the surface a new lustrous look.
feed raw material into plant machinery;Insert raw materials, chemicals and processing agents into plant machinery.
handle warranty for digital equipment;Provide internal customers with warranty documentation used for digital equipment.
tend nibbling machine;Tend a metalworking machine designed to punch detailed notches in a metal surface, performing the process of nibbling, monitor and operate it according to regulations.
harvest cover crops;Sow or harvest cover crops, such as alfalfa.
record cylinders information;Record for each cylinder the information related to weight, number and type of gas that is contained.
arrange bookings;Arrange shows, performances, concerts, etc. for clients.
install photovoltaic systems;Install systems which generate electrical energy through the conversion of light into electric currents, the photovoltaic effect. Ensure compliance with regulations, and correct installation of the photovoltaic power system.
restore musical instruments;Restore old musical instruments to their original condition and conserve them in that state.
dry dogs coat for further treatment;Dry a dog’s coat and skin and prepare it for styling and finishing, using the appropriate equipment and products.
interact verbally in Tamil;Communicate orally in Tamil.
shape candles;Cut and trim candles to specified sizes, using handtools such as knives or hand dies.
check chimneys conditions;Monitor and check the faults and current conditions of chimneys and fire places by using specialised smoke-detecting machinery and video surveillance equipment.
optical glass characteristics;The characteristics of optical glass such as refractive index, dispersion, and chemical properties.
manage electricity transmission system;Manage the systems which ensure the transmission of electrical energy from electricity production facilities to electricity distribution facilities, through power lines, ensuring safety of operations and compliance with scheduling and regulations.
develop data link services for navigation purposes;Develop and implement data link services and satellite technologies for air-ground communication operations.
organize chemical reagents;Organize the handling, addition, and disposal of chemical reagents used to help separate products from raw mineral.
circus aesthetics;The way the circus concepts and traditions have evolved through time and their artistic meaning.
apply hypno-psychotherapy;Hypnotise a patient to create subconscious change in the form of new responses, thoughts, attitudes, behaviours or feelings.
solder components onto electronic board;Solder electronic components onto bare electronic boards to create loaded electronic boards using hand soldering tools or soldering machinery.
orthopaedic manual physiotherapy;A specialised area of physiotherapy for the management of neuro-musculoskeletal conditions, based on clinical reasoning, using highly specific treatment approaches including manual techniques and therapeutic exercises.
maintain inventory of vehicle cleaning supplies;Maintain an inventory of cleaning products and materials for vehicle cleaning purposes.
laser engraving methods;The various engraving methods emplying lasers to make incisions, such as the X-Y table method, the cylindrical workpiece method, the galvo mirrors method, and others.
electroplating metal materials;The various processes various materials used for electroplating may produce, such as copper plating, silver plating, nickle plating, gold plating, embossed gold plating, degreasing, and others.
cleaning products;The ingredients used in the development of cleaning products, their properties and risks.
assess environmental plans against financial costs;Assess environmental plans in financial terms in order to balance the expenditure required for environmental improvements. Assess the economic benefit that those investments will bring in the long-term to the company.
waste transport legislation;Regulations and legislation concerning the safe transportation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste materials, products, and appliances.
provide information to customers on tobacco products;Provide information to clients on the appropriate conditions to prepare and store tobacco and tobacco products.
forecast energy prices;Analyse the energy market and external factors which may influence trends in the energy market in order to predict the movement of prices for energy and utility consumption.
follow work schedule;Manage the sequence of activities in order to deliver completed work on agreed deadlines by following a work schedule.
inspect government expenditures;Inspect the financial procedures of a government organisation which deals with budget and resource allocation and spending to ensure that no faults are being made and no suspicious activity occurs in the handling of financial accounts, and that the expenditures are compliant with financial needs and forecasts.
determine charges for customer services;"Determine prices and charges for services as requested by customers; collect payments or deposits; arrange for billing."
music therapy schools;The existing schools teaching music therapy and their importance for advancement in the field.
comply with specifications of aerodrome manual;Follow standards and specific prescriptions from the aerodrome manual, which contains characteristics, policies and procedures for the safe operation of the airport.
supervise court hearings;Supervise the procedures during a court hearing to ensure they are compliant with regulations, occur in an orderly and honest manner, and to ensure that no moral or ethical boundaries are crossed during questioning or the presentation of legal arguments.
budget set costs;Prepare set production budgets.
use spreadsheets software;Use software tools to create and edit tabular data to carry out mathematical calculations, organise data and information, create diagrams based on data and to retrieve them.
galvanise metal workpiece;Prevent steel or iron workpieces from rusting and other corrosion by applying a protective zinc coating to the metal surface through the process of galvanisation by using methods such as hot-dip galvanisation or electrogalvanisation.
stimulate performers imagination;Use inspirational artifacts and creative methods to stimulate the performers imagination. Provide the performers with the necessary documentation.
implement policy in healthcare practices;Establish how policies should be interpreted and translated within the practice, implementing local and national policies, as well as those of your own practice and proposing developments and improvements to service delivery.
sparkling wines;The varieties of sparkling wines and their match with food products.
carpentry;Construction methods related to timber items, such as construction of roofs, floors and timber framed buildings and other related products such as doors or skirting boards.
write Armenian;Compose written texts in Armenian.
tend amusement park booths;"Occupy booths in amusement parks or carnivals; perform duties such as conducting games; take pictures of visitors, award trophies and prizes."
health and safety in the workplace;The body of rules, procedures and regulations related to safety, health and welfare of people in their workplace. 
mark lumber;The process of marking lumber to indicate grade and processing instructions. For this purpose lumber graders use markers to indicate several grade marks, such as the moisture content, lumber species or grade, and the trademark or logo.
work trains;The composition and functions of a work train, a train composed of automatic machines that remove, inspect, adjust and lay railway ballast, sleepers and rails.
prepare forecasts for take-off and landing;"Prepare accurate forecasts of climatic conditions for the take off and landing of aircraft; take into account parameters such as temperature, wind direction, and wind speed."
assume responsibility;Accept responsibility and accountability for ones own professional decisions and actions, or those delegated to others.
show determination;Show commitment to do something that is difficult and requires hard work. Display great effort driven by an interest or enjoyment in work itself, in the absence of external pressures.
Java (computer programming);The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in Java.
analyse data for policy decisions in trade;Analyse data about a specific company, retailer, market or store formula. Process all gathered information into a corporate plan, and use it to prepare upcoming policy decisions.
work for public inclusion;Work on an educational level with specific groups for public inclusion, like prisoners, youth, children.
write Lithuanian;Compose written texts in Lithuanian.
carry out calculations;Solve mathematical problems to achieve work-related goals.
work in multidisciplinary teams related to emergency care;Work with a variety of people from various health care and non-health care services such as ambulance control room staff, paramedics, doctors and nurses, as well as people working in the fire and police department.
conduct psychological research;Plan, supervise and undertake psychological research, writing papers to describe the research results.
promote gender equality in business contexts;Raise awareness and campaign for the equalisation between the sexes by the assessment of their participation in the position and the activities carried out by companies and businesses at large.
maintain information network hardware;Assess the functionality and identify faults in the infrastructure of an information network, perform routine maintenance tasks which prevent failure and repair tasks in order to ensure permanent availability to system users.
dog behaviour;Natural behavioural patterns of dogs, how normal and abnormal behaviour might be expressed according to dog breeds, environment, human-animal interaction and occupation.
apply clinical psychological treatment;Apply clinical psychological treatment for people of all ages and groups based on clinical psychological assessment.
tram network;Know the tram system in order to determine how to maintain tram services while causing minimal disruption to customers in the event of incidents.
assess data collected to improve community arts programme;Interpret and evaluate data collected during your community arts programme. Use it to offer signposting to individuals in your groups for their development, to extract actions that you can take to improve your professional practice, and to create a report appropriate to your requirements providing your analyse of data collected and possible solutions, with or without specifying needed resources as necessary.
install roof flashing;Form and fix the pieces, usually made of metal, that make the joint between the roof and the masonry or brick work, and prevent water infiltration into the structure.
administer radiotherapy;Manage the level of radiation, dose modification and assessments for the patients undertaking radiotherapy.
types of weave for wire mesh;Various types of weave patterns used in the manufacturing of wire mesh, such as plain weave, Dutch weave, twilled weave, five heddle weave.
perform maintenance work on rail tracks;Perform maintenance operations on rail tracks, such as removal of old or damaged ties, maintenance of track spanner machinery, and tightening or loosening of bolts at joints.
hop cultivation;The cultivation of hop plants. The diverse types of hops and the means to cultivate and harvest hop crops for beer brewing and other purposes.
electronic equipment standards;The national and international quality and safety standards and regulations with regards to the use and manufacture of electronic equipment and its components, such as semiconductors and printed circuit boards.
repair jewellery;Make jewellery repairs, such as enlarging or reducing ring sizes, soldering pieces of jewellery back together, and replacing broken or worn-out clasps and mountings.
lip reading;The methods used to understand speech by interpreting the movements of the lips, face and tongue for people affected by hearing impairment or to understand people from a distance.
demonstrate professional Pilates attitude;Demonstrate responsibility and professional duty of care to clients, in conformance with the principles of Joseph Pilates and which will include communication skills and a focus of customer care orientation.
types of concrete forms;The shapes, construction methods and purposes of different types of concrete forms, including special forms like sliding and climbing formwork. Suitable materials for forms and any products or coatings used to enhance the properties of the form.
calibrate waste incinerator;Calibrate the furnace used in the burning of waste materials and the potential recovery of energy from incineration processes, by measuring the operation settings such as temperature and pressure, and changing them to the required settings to ensure efficient and safe operations.
apply bluing techniques;Use techniques to protect metals against rust, for instance with the use of salt baths.
railway law;The laws and regulations governing the activities and functioning of the railway system.  
monitor civic recycling sites;Monitor sites and facilities which contain recycling points and in which individuals can dispose of domestic waste, in order to ensure safety, compliance with legislation, and that the public uses the facilities in compliance with waste regulations.
measure furnace temperature;Monitor the product temperature using the available tools and measuring instruments and adjust furnace temperature if needed.
use textile technique for hand-made products;Using textile technique to produce hand-made products, such as carpets, tapestry, embroidery, lace, silk screen printing, wearing apparel, etc.
milking operations;Understand the appropriate milking operations, systems and techniques.
use a complex communication system;Install and operate complex communication systems.
car cleaning procedures;The procedure and appropriate equipment necessary for proper wash and polish of different types of cars.
functions of vessel deck equipment;Know and control deck and safety equipment and vessel lifting facilities.
ensure safety of exhibition;Ensure safety of exhibition environment and of artefacts by applying safety devices.
organise public oral health programmes;Organise public oral health programmes to educate people on healthy lifestyles and good practices to protect teeth and gums.
perform bone marrow transplant;Perform cord blood transplant and manage its side effects in order to replace damaged or destroyed bone marrow with healthy bone marrow stem cells for patients affected by cancers, such as leukaemia, lymphoma, aplastic anaemia or severe immunodeficiency syndromes.
assess your competences for artistic coaching;Evaluate your skill in artistic coaching. Identify which of your abilities may be advantageous to sports practitioners, whether they come from your artistic discipline or from other experience. Express your capabilities and communicate about them in a person-centred way.
inspect quality of products;Use various techniques to ensure the product quality is respecting the quality standards and specifications. Oversee defects, packaging and sendbacks of products to different production departments.
composition of bakery goods;The components, nutrients, vitamins, and composition of the ingredients to make bakery and farinaceous products.
audiology;The science related to the hearing, balance and other related disorders and conditions specific to adults or children.
manage rail yard resources;Manage rail yard resources in order to ensure maximum efficiency. Prepare resource usage in advance in order to limit the time trains spend in yards.
creatively use digital technologies;Use digital tools and technologies to create knowledge and to innovate processes and products. Engage individually and collectively in cognitive processing to understand and resolve conceptual problems and problem situations in digital environments.
represent the organisation;Act as representative of the institution, company or organisation to the outside world.
election law;The regulations concerning the procedures during elections, such as voting regulations, campaign regulations, which procedures candidates must follow, how votes are counted, and other electoral procedures.
body language;Notice and interpret the non-verbal signals that people send out with their body, including yourself.
understand written Irish;Read and comprehend written texts in Irish.
investigate security issues;Look out for information and evidence revolving around security and safety issues in order to analyse possible threats, track incidents, and improve security procedures.
promote sustainable energy;Promote the use of renewable electricity and heat generation sources to organisations and individuals, in order to work towards a sustainable future and encourage sales of renewable energy equipment, such as solar power equipment.
solid-state chemistry;Field of science, also called materials chemistry, studying the properties, synthesis and structure of materials, mostly inorganic, in the solid phase.
aquaculture legal documents;The required permits, licenses, leases and approvals used in aquaculture and their application to specific fish farms and conditions.
plan footwear manufacture;Design the manufacturing process for each footwear model. Plan the stages of footwear manufacturing and operations for production. Plan the usage of materials and footwear components. Select machines and equipment. Plan the workforce. Calculate direct and indirect costs associated with manufacturing. Plan the maintenance of machines and equipment.
practice martial arts;Practice one or several codified combat systems or traditions. Use your martial arts techniques for self-defense, self-development, performance, health, or other purposes.
prepare kiln firebox;Prepare the firebox and give indications to other workers on lighting fires.
tune instruments on stage;Tune instruments during a performance. Deal with the added stress and noise. Use equipment such as tuners or tune by ear.
prepare reports on sanitation;Conduct hygiene inspections in stores and prepare and make up sanitation reports and analyses.
carry out naming strategies;"Come up with names for new and existing products; adaptations to the given factors of a language and particularly to the culture are necessary in order to achieve the desired effect."
motor vehicle parts drawings;The various types of technical drawings used in relation to motor vehicles parts.
tend plasma cutting machine;Monitor and operate a plasma cutting machine according to regulations.
manage water quality testing;Direct the procedures surrounding the testing and quality analysis of water and subsequent purification procedures by managing operations from collection of samples to laboratory testing, managing staff, and ensuring compliance with legislation.
organise operations within the fuel station;Schedule and direct the daily activities in a fuel station.
advise on utility consumption;Advise individuals or organisations on methods in which they can reduce their consumption of utilities, such as heat, water, gas, and electricity, in order for them to save money and incorporate sustainable practices.
check stability of materials;Measure and control the categorisation and different levels of stability of specific materials.
filter liquids;Separated solids that will not readily sediment from their suspending liquid by passing the mixture through filters.
operate automatic cutting systems for footwear and leather goods;Work with the equipments software. Digitise and mark the leather areas with faults in order to avoid them. Establish nesting and cutting restrictions for each pattern. Pick up, sort, upload patterns, check and complete cutting orders. Adjust the machines and equipment parameters and perform simple procedures for maintenance.
remove calculus, plaque and stains;Remove calculus, plaque, and stains from all surfaces of the teeth according to the dentist`s directions and under the dentist`s supervision.
new vehicles on the market;Latest developments and trends related to the new types of vehicles and vehicle brands on the market.
operate bucket wheel excavator;Operate a bucket wheel excavator, a giant piece of mining machinery that uses a wheel or a chain equipped with buckets to scrape away material from the surface, then load it onto a conveyor belt.
fasciatherapy;A manual therapy applied on the fascia (the connective tissue woven through the entire body) which is used for the treatment of physical or psychological disorders such as pain and movement disorders.
participate in the organisation of emergency drills;Participate in preparing and executing emergency drills. Take charge of on-scene response actions. Help ensure that written drill reports are logged properly. Make sure that all personnel adhere to pre-planned emergency procedures as carefully as possible in the event of an emergency situation.
Steiner principles;The principles and values of the (Waldorf) Steiner ideology focusing on the foundations of anthroposophy, moral responsibility, creativity, social competency, and spiritual open mindedness.
promote free trade;Develop strategies for the promotion of free trade, open competition between businesses for the development of economic growth, in order to gain support for free trade and competition regulation policies.
maintain relations with local representatives;Maintain good relations with representatives of the local scientific, economic and civil society.
record audio materials;Record materials such as books, newspapers, and educational materials in audio format. Enhance written texts by adding audio complements or making them otherwise accessible to visually impaired people.
provide health psychological advice;Provide health psychological expert opinions, reports and advice in regard to health related risk behaviour and its causes.
plot lighting states;Set up and try out lighting states.
advise customers on bicycles;Provide customers with information on the several types and functionalities of bicycles. Help customers find the type of bicycle that fits their need.
manipulate plastic;Manipulate the properties, shape and size of plastic.
manage relationships with stakeholders;Create and maintain solid internal and external relations with stakeholders at operational level based on mutual trust and credibility in order to achieve organisational goals. Ensure organisational strategies incorporate strong stakeholder management and identify and prioritise strategic stakeholder relationships.
anticipate potential deficiencies;Assess scenarios in order to anticipate and pinpoint potential deficiencies. Rely on experience combined with statistical probability to mitigate the risk of encountering setbacks.
chiropractic terminology;Chiropractic terms and abbreviations, chiropractic prescriptions and various chiropractic specialties and when to use them correctly.
identify drying defects in wood;Identify a range of possible drying defects in wood and their mutual causes.
trends in fashion;New developments and trends in the world of fashion.
car controls;The functioning of specific car equipment such as how to operate and handle the clutch, throttle, lighting, instrumentation, transmission and the brakes.
government representation;The legal and public representation methods and procedures of the government during trial cases or for communication purposes, and the specific aspects of the governmental bodies being represented in order to ensure accurate representation.
adjust cochlear implants;Fit and tune cochlear implants providing rehabilitation to listening with implant amplification systems.
use meteorological information;Use and interpret meteorological information for operations dependent on climatic conditions. Use this information to provide advise on safe operations in relation to weather conditions.
create animated narratives;Develop animated narrative sequences and story lines, using computer software and hand drawing techniques.
mount optical components on frames;Mount optical components, such as lenses, and precision mechanical components, such as frames, into assemblies and adjust. Lenses are mechanically set into place using threaded retaining rings and the use of adhesive cement on the outer cylindrical edge to hold individual lenses in place.
install containers;Prepare transportable components and assemble the container body, piping, fittings and control systems on site using technical documentation and various specific tools such as welding equipment.
promote a positive image of nursing;Present and preserve a positive image of nursing in specific environments of the healthcare and educational spectra.
prepare copper gas-lines pipes;Use the appropriate copper pipes to serve as gas lines. Cut the pipes to size and remove any sharp ridges after cutting. Flare the ends with the right size flare to facilitate the attachment of connectors. Avoid kinking the pipe and discard any kinked piping.
develop information standards;Develop norms or requirements that establish uniform technical criteria, methods, processes and practices in the information management based on professional experience.
identify service requirements;"Interpret customers’ descriptions of vehicle problems; translate these issues into concrete instructions for mechanics and technicians."
monitor guest access;Oversee guests access, ensuring that guest needs are addressed and security is maintained at all times.
load bulk trucks;Conduct activities associated with determining the itineraries and loading of bulk trucks.
practice circus disciplines;Have a very high level of practical and technical skills and competences of one or several chosen circus disciplines in order to enter into the professional circus field.
fix minor vehicle scratches;Fix minor vehicle dents and scratches with touch-up paint.
arrange surgery operating site;Make arrangements to prepare the operating site for surgery which involves tasks such as securing retractors, packing with sponges, manipulating tissues, performing suctioning, irrigation, sponging or manipulating suture materials.
analytical chemistry;Instruments and methods used to separate, identify and quanitfy matter - the chemical components of natural and artificial materials and solutions.
develop improvements to the electrical systems;"Design, propose and implement modifications to improve electrical systems; focus on sustainability, quality and safety."
coordinate sewage sludge handling;Coordinate the treatment and disposal of the semi-solid residues resulting from the wastewater treatment such as energy winning through fermentation, drying and reuse as fertilizer.
evaluate practice in psychotherapy;Analyse existing psychotherapy models and their applicability to individual clients.
use data processing techniques;Gather, process and analyse relevant data and information, properly store and update data and represent figures and data using charts and statistical diagrams.
lab scale fermentation;The steps and requirements included in lab scale fermentation for the conversion of the biomass into chemicals, sugars or fuels.
check construction compliance;Determine whether a construction complies with laws and regulations.
advise customers on building materials;"Provide customers with detailed advice on various building materials; recommend sustainable development and promote the use of green materials such as wood, straw and bamboo; promote recycling and the use of renewable or non-toxic materials."
MDX;The computer language MDX is a query language for retrieval of information from a database and of documents containing the needed information. It is developed by the software company Microsoft.
monitor regulations in social services;Monitor and analyse regulations, policies and changes in these regulations in order to assess how they impact social work and services.
Estonian;The Estonian language. Estonian is an official and working language of the EU.
analyse claim files;Check the claim from a customer and analyse the value of the lost materials, buildings, turnover or other elements, and judge the responsibilities of the different parties.
monitor students behaviour;Supervise the students social behaviour to discover anything unusual. Help solve any issues if necessary.
cut photographic film;Cut the photographic film into negatives, each negative representing one photograph or shot.
cast metal;Pour liquid metal into the hollow cavity of a mould, which contains the future products desired shape, place it into a furnace and then cool it and let it solidify.
sustainable footwear materials and components;Environment friendly materials and components including leather, textiles and synthetics, materials for soles and midsoles, miscellaneous components and accessories.
teach writing;Teach basic or advanced writing principles to varying age groups in a fixed eduction organisation setting or by running private writing workshops.
assess physical conditions of clients;Check the new clients health conditions to assess their suitability for participation.
compare production forecasts with actual results;Analyse the production performance and assess the deviation from the expected results.
nuclear reprocessing;The process in which radioactive substances can be extracted or recycled for use as nuclear fuel, and in which waste levels can be reduced, yet without the reduction of radioactivity levels or generation of heat.
prepare presentation material;Prepare the documents, slide shows, posters and any other media needed for specific audiences.
exercise patience;Have patience by dealing with unexpected delays or other waiting periods without becoming annoyed or anxious.
information architecture;The methods through which information is generated, structured, stored, maintained, linked, exchanged and used.
restrict passenger access to specific areas on board;"Delimit access points for passengers on board and implement an effective protection system; prevent unauthorised access to restricted areas at all times."
preventative measures against pests;Techniques and measures used to prevent unwanted bugs or animals in houses or buildings, such as installing wood protection and bird spikes.
airport terminal standards;Understanding the important rules and minimum requirements concerning the structure of airport terminals and the organisation of passenger information.
use creative suite software;Use a creative software suite such as Adobe to aid in graphic designing.
repair engines;Repair identified problems with internal combustion engines, external combustion engines and electrical motors. Replace and fix faulty parts by using hand and machine tools.
perform regular checks on rigging equipment;Perform regular in-depth checks on rigging equipment at the workshop and make the necessary repairs.
operate binder machine;Set up the binder machine, which forms, inserts, trims, and fastens binding in covers of paper goods like booklets, pamphlets, and notebooks.
conduct cancer screening tests;Undertake screening test at an early stage, before cancer symptoms appear, taking physical exams, laboratory tests, imaging procedures and genetic tests.
set up technical stage equipment;Install mechanical and technical stage equipment. Test the installation to make sure everything is in working order.
demagnetise watches;Use a demagnetiser to remove magnetism from watches that have obtained these magnetic properties because of the presence of metals at a close distance.
occupational physiology;The complex physiology of specific jobs and its relation to disorders and medical conditions and the way to optimize health, work ability, and productivity.
insert charges into drill holes;Transport explosives and safely load explosives into drill holes.
monitor billing procedures;Oversee that the billing procedure after a service is handled correctly.
consult students on learning content;Take students opinions and preferences into consideration when determining learning content.
perform fuel reconciliation;Refill fuel tanks in exchange for money.
interpret medical images;Analyse medical images in order to diagnose illnesses and injuries.
creation of clinical psychological opinions;The development of opinions based on specialised literature and evidence-based documentation in the field of clinical psychology.
remove paint;Remove paint by using chemical strippers, a heat gun, sanding or scraping the surface.
principles of animation;The principles of 2D and 3D animation, such as body motion, kinematics, overshoot, anticipation, squash and stretch.
forecast organisational risks;Analyse the operations and actions of a company in order to assess their repercussions, possible risks for the company, and to develop suitable strategies to address these.
perform stunts;Execute various physical movements concerning the technical realisation of difficult acting performances.
perform antepartum fetal monitoring;Perform and interpret antepartum diagnostic tests such as non-stress, contraction stress test, and doppler velocimetry.
cloud security and compliance;Cloud security and compliance concepts, including shared responsibility model, cloud access management capabilities, and resources for security support.
serve on academic committee;Contribute to university or college managerial decisions, such as budgetary issues, school policy reviews and recommendations, department promotions, and hiring of new staff members. This may also include participation in discussions around educational policy reforms.
organise zoological exhibitions;Organise zoological exhibitions and the display of live animals and zoological collections.
analyse clients physical condition;Measure and analyse physical information in order to develop individual training programs.
provide visitor information;Provide directions and other relevant information to visitors.
types of packaging materials;Properties of materials that make them suitable for packaging. Conversion of raw materials into packaging materials. Different types of labels and materials used which comply with the correct storage criteria depending on the goods.
use chromatography software;Use the chromatography data system software which collects and analyses the chromatography detectors results.
handle animals for semen collection;Handle the male breeding animal for the collection of semen for use in artificial insemination. Apply manual methods or make use of electrical stimulation.
determine cargo loading sequence;Determine freight loading sequence aiming to increase the efficiency of operations. Arrange loading so that maximum amount of goods can be stored.
pricing strategies;The techniques, theories, and commonly accepted strategies regarding pricing of goods. The relation between pricing strategies and outcomes in the market such as profitability maximisation, deterrence of newcomers, or increase of market share.
determine historic climate changes;Analyse samples taken from ice cores, tree rings, sediments, etc. in order to gain information on climate changes during the history of Earth and their consequences for life on the planet.
manage gambling finances;Assist in the compilation of the annual budget for the gambling, betting or lottery operation. Develop and implement action plans to ensure required turnover and profitability of the operation is achieved. Monitor expenditure within the club and to ensure management controls and costs remain within budget. Monitor all complementary costs to ensure managers adhere to the policy.
pin parquet;Use air fired pins to pin parquet to the underfloor while the adhesive cures. Fill the resulting holes with putty.
philosophy of mathematics;The subdiscipline of mathematics that examines the philosophical foundations and implications of mathematics. It studies the methodology of math and how people use it in their daily lives.
corrosion types;The various types of oxidation reactions with the environment, such as rusting, copper pitting, stress cracking, and others.
match needs of target community with your skills;Match the needs of your researched target community to your skills as a dance leader. Practice self-awareness and an honest appraisal of your skills.
create cultural venue outreach policies;Draw up outreach policies for the museum and any art facility, and a programme of activities directed at all target audiences. Set up a network of exterior contacts to relay information to target audiences to this end.
carry out wound care;Cleanse, irrigate, probe, debride, pack and dress wounds.
run a projection;Operate projection equipment safely and efficiently to project images on a background in an artistic or cultural context.
horse riding;The techniques involved in horse riding including riding styles and ways to control the horse such as jumping, turning, trotting and stopping.
coach team on visual merchandising;"Coach sales team on in-store visual merchandising; help employees to interpret guidelines; train employees in effective execution of visual concept."
use pedagogic strategies for creativity;Communicate to others on devising and facilitating creative processes through the use of a range of tasks and activities appropriate to the target group.
ensure ongoing compliance with regulations;"Conduct tasks and procedures to ensure that aviation certificates maintain their validity; undertake safeguarding measures as appropriate."
Shiva (digital game creation systems);The cross-platform game engine which is a software framework that consists of integrated development environments and specialised design tools, designed for the rapid iteration of user-derived computer games.  
design pharmaceutical manufacturing systems;Design production control systems which involve all processes from pharmaceutical production process to pharmaceutical stocks with the purpose of providing the correct input for the development of pharmaceutica manufacturing plant software packages.
wire security sensors;Draw wires from the correct contact points in a variety of security sensors to the control panel. Make sure the wiring plan of the control panel is clear and effective.
monitor ingredient storage;Monitor ingredient storage and expiry dates via weekly reporting leading to good stock rotation and reduction of waste.
teach basic numeracy skills;Instruct students in the principles of mathematical literacy including basic mathematical concepts and calculations.
manage a social work unit;Lead the social workers team and be responsible for the quality and effectiveness of social services provided within a social work unit.
supervise fruit production teams;Supervise the fruit production crews by planning, assigning and evaluating their daily activities.
assess impact of industrial activities;Analyse data to estimate the impact of industrial activities on resource availability and groundwater quality.
microwave principles;The technologies used in transmission of information or energy via electromagnetic waves between 1000 and 100,000 MHz.
create chimney inspection reports;Write the measurements, inspections and defects encountered after an intervention on chimney cleaning.
deliberate prior learning assessment results;Interchange observations and negotiate a final rating with other assessors. Align different views and reach consensus on the performance of the candidate.
help set rehearsal schedule;Develop and communicate rehearsal schedules, taking into account the availability of the physical spaces and of the participating team.
surveying;The technique of determining the terrestrial or three-dimensional position of points and the distances and angles between them.
discuss dental treatment options with patient;Discuss findings, diagnoses, aetiology with the patient and let the patient participate in considering risks, benefits and prognoses of the treatment options.
synthetic fertilisers;The description and chemical composition of synthetic fertilisers such as phosphatic, nitrogen and potassium fertilisers.
grant concessions;Grant rights, land or property from governments to private entities, in compliance with regulations, and ensuring the necessary documentation is filed and processed
prepare for diagnostic imaging procedures;Set up the equipment for diagnostic imaging procedures, ensuring that the room is ready for the patient.
facilitate safe disembarkation of passengers;Assist passengers when they leave the vessel, aircraft, train, or other mode of transport. Keep the safety measures and procedures in mind.
OWASP ZAP;The integrated testing tool OWASP Zed Attack Proxy (ZAP) is a specialised tool which tests web applications security weaknesses, replying on an automated scanner and a REST API.
prepare milk samples;Label and store samples clearly to ensure smooth operation of the quality control system.
address public health issues;Promote healthy practices and behaviours to ensure that populations stay healthy.
provide information on geothermal heat pumps;Provide organisations and individuals searching for alternative methods to provide buildings with energy on the cost, benefits, and negative aspects of the installation and use of geothermal heat pumps for utility services, and what one must take into account when considering the purchase and installation of geothermal heat pumps.
carry out specialised packing for customers;Pack products such as perfumes or gifts for customers.
provide directions in music therapy sessions;Give directions to patients during music therapy sessions, including verbal hints and body language.
prepare promotional materials on nutritition;Prepare information packs, brochures and other promotional materials to provide information about nutrition to health professionals and the public.
dry paper manually;Press a sponge on the pulp and screen to press water or chemical solutions out, forcing the pulp fibres to bond together.
media law;Set of laws related to the entertainment and telecommunications industry and regulatory activities within the fields of broadcasting, advertising, censorship, and online services.
preserve fish products;Place and classify fish products for proper conservation. Maintain suitable conditions for the conservation of fishery products.
consult with producer;Consult with a motion picture producer about requirements, deadlines, budget, and other specifications.
classical languages;All dead languages, no longer actively used, originating from various periods in history, such as Latin from Antiquity, Middle English from the Middle Ages, Classical Maya from the Pre-colonial Americas, and Renaissance Italian from the Early Modern Period.
bioethics;The implications of various ethical issues related to the new advancements in biotechnology and medicine such as human experimentation.
manage frustration;Stay calm and react in a constructive way to own or others anger or when faced with obstacles or complaints.
provide first aid;Administer cardiopulmonary resuscitation or first aid in order to provide help to a sick or injured person until they receive more complete medical treatment.
integrate headquarters guidelines into local operations;Understand and implement the guidelines and objectives provided by the headquarters of a company into the local management of a company or subsidiary. Adapt guidelines to the regional reality.
advise customers on clothing accessories;Recommend accessories to match customers clothing style.
supervise grape pressing;Supervise and guide the crushing, pressing, settling and all other phases of juice treatment and the fermentation of the must.
develop a coaching style;Develop a style for coaching individuals or groups that ensures all participants are at ease, and are able to acquire the necessary skills and competences provided in the coaching in a positive and productive manner.
select auxiliary equipment for photographic work;Bring the appropriate auxiliary equipment according to the environment of the photographic work, whether you are stationary or mobile. Make sure you are prepared to capture the desired motif.
write Romanian;Compose written texts in Romanian.
repair musical instruments;Attach new strings, fix frames or replace broken parts of musical instruments.
perform gynecological examination;Conduct a thorough examination and screening tests of the female patient`s genitals, taking a pelvic pap smear to ensure there is no abnormality, such as cancerous tissue or sexually transmitted diseases.
biological chemistry;Biological chemistry is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
manage sports events;Plan, organise and evaluate sports events which are critical to competition and to the profile and development of a sport. Allow athletes to perform at their best, be a catalyst for broader success, to introduce the sport to new participants and increase its profile and perhaps funding, facility provision, influence and prestige.
research ocean energy projects;Conduct wave and tidal energy project research and develop the projects from concept to delivery.
represent religious institution;Perform public functions as a representative of a religious institution, which strive to promote the institution and its activities and strive for accurate representation and inclusion in umbrella organisations.
maintain hydraulic forging press;Tend a hydraulic forging press, designed for forming hot or cold metal by use of a high energy force hydraulically, monitor and operate it, according to regulations.
understand spoken German;Comprehend orally expressed German.
analytical methods in biomedical sciences;The various research, mathematical or analytical methods used in biomedical sciences.
assist bottling;Prepare wine for bottling. Assist with bottling and corking.
work with the camera crew;Work with the crew responsible for the camera operation and movement to get directions from them on where to stand for an aesthetic result.
evaluate data, information and digital content;Analyse, compare and critically evaluate the credibility and reliability of sources of data, information and digital content. Analyse, interpret and critically evaluate the data, information and digital content.
maintain veterinary clinical records;Create and maintain clinical records for animals according to national regulatory requirements.
compile legal documents;Compile and collect legal documents from a specific case in order to aid an investigation or for a court hearing, in a manner compliant with legal regulations and ensuring records are properly maintained.
exercise security in hospitals;Security activities in a hospital environment executing the hospitals structured security program, usually positioned at admission or the entrance of the hospital, patrolling the premises, helping nurses and doctors on demand.
aviation English;The de facto international language of civil aviation in English, used in actual situations on board aircraft, in airports, and elsewhere in the aviation chain.
make clinical decisions;Respond to an information need by collecting and analysing available findings to inform clinical decisions.
carry out chassis modifications;Perform chassis conversions and fitments on elements of stocks of chassis by modifying its length and weight distribution. Meet specific requirements and quality standards by consulting and communicating with engineers and technical personnel.
manage mining plant equipment;Oversee the acquisition, installation, maintenance and storage of mining plant equipment.
assemble windows;Assemble the profiles to build window or glass door frames using cutting, trimming, sealing and welding equipment,fix the metal fittings with power tools, and insert the glass pane.
solution deployment;The technologies and standards to be used during the installation, deployment and maintenance of software characteristics.
cut slabs;Cut the slabs that reach the end of the conveyor.
assess licence applications;Assess the applications from organisations or individuals requesting a specific licence in order to ascertain whether they are eligible for this licence, and to either approve or deny the application.
provide customized upholstery;install custom upholstery, according to the customers individual requests and preferences.
support company plan;Act within ones work role to advance the goals and vision of the organisation.
calculate probabilities;Predict the probability of an outcome based on calculations or experience.
ensure compliance with legal requirements;Guarantee compliance with established and applicable standards and legal requirements such as specifications, policies, standards or law for the goal that organisations aspire to achieve in their efforts.
manage assignment of bus routes;Supervise the work of others and effectively coordinate the completion of regularly assigned bus routes via various check-in systems.
prevent fires on board;Organise fire drills on board. Make sure that appliances for fire prevention fire-fighting are in working order. Take the appropriate action in case of fire, including fires involving oil systems.
conduct routine blood testing;Perform routine tests on blood gases, electrolytes and metabolites.
advise customers on jewellery and watches;Provide customers with detailed advice on watches and pieces of jewellery available in the store. Explain about different brands and models and their characteristics and features. Recommend and provide personal advice on pieces of jewellery, according to the customers needs and preferences.
perform risk analysis;Identify and assess factors that may jeopardise the success of a project or threaten the organisations functioning. Implement procedures to avoid or minimise their impact.
graphite;Various qualities and applications of graphite, a crystalline form of carbon characterised by a high degree of natural strength and stiffness.
manage financial and material resources;Undertake effective financial planning, using credit, savings, investments and pensions to achieve short and long term goals, using financial advices and guidance services with a critical mindset, comparing deals and offers when acquiring products or services and actively selecting appropriate insurance products.
Drupal;The open-source web-based software system written in PHP, used for creating, editing, publishing and archiving blogs, articles, web pages or press releases, which requires a higher level of technical understanding of HTML, CSS and PHP.
oversee construction project;Make sure that the construction project is carried out in compliance with the building permit, the execution plans, the performance and design specifications, and the relevant regulations.
resolve equipment malfunctions;Identify, report and repair equipment damage and malfunctions. Communicate with field representatives and manufacturers to obtain repair and replacement components.
advise on fitted ventilation systems;Investigate and advise on a ventilation system that fits the energy demands but also guarantees good indoor air quality according to minimum indoor air quality levels. Consider alternative ways of ventilation (e.g., stack ventilation, use of chimney effect, natural ventilation).
operate railway lever frames;"Operate mechanical lever frames housed in signal boxes. Understand different applications of levers such as interlocking or signal receiving; read and comprehend the track diagram and signalling layout mounted above the lever frame. Operate hand-powered interlockings, power frames, mechanical, pneumatic or electric levers."
give instructions to staff;Give instructions to subordinates by employing various communication techniques. Adjust communication style to the target audience in order to convey instructions as intended.
sell hair products;Sell various styling products used on different types of hair, such as curling creams, hairspray, shampoos and conditioners.
coordinate activities across hospitality rooms division;Lead activities among maintenance staff, reception staff and housekeeping in a hospitality establishment.
organise study information sessions;Organise events such as group presentation or educational fair in order to provide information about study and career possibilities to a large audience.
stimulate the performers kinaesthetic sense;Teach the performers exercises and methods to support them in the execution of a choreography.
clean crime scenes;Clean the crime scenes after they have been thoroughly investigated and all potential evidence is gathered and documented, in a manner compliant with health and safety regulations.
negotiate contracts with event providers;Negotiate contracts with service providers for an upcoming event, such as hotels, convention centres, and speakers.
provide in-home support for disabled individuals;Assist individuals with disabilities in their own homes and with daily living tasks such as washing, dressing, eating and transport, helping them to achieve independence.
perform quick make-up changeovers;Quickly apply changes to a performers make-up during the performance.
use orthodontic tools;Use orthodontic tools such as gauges, dental placement instruments, probes, scissors, and X-ray units.
shipping industry;The different services such as liner services, maritime transportation and shipload services offered by maritime organisations and the shipping market including the sale of vessels, goods or commodities.
assess conservation needs;Assess and list the needs for conservation/restoration, in relation to current use and planned future use.
condense information;Summarise the original information without losing the original message and find economic ways of communicating the same.
identify target markets for designs;Identify different target markets for new designs, considering factors such as age, gender, and socioeconomic status.
perform a feasibility study on district heating and cooling.;Perform the evaluation and assessment of the potential of district heating and cooling system. Realise a standardised study to determine the costs, restrictions, and the demand for heating and cooling of the buildings and conduct research to support the process of decision making.
perform a feasibility study on solar absorption cooling;Perform the evaluation and assessment of the potential of the application of solar cooling. Realise a standardised study to estimate the cooling demand of the building, costs, benefits and life cycle analysis, and conduct research to support the process of decision making.
prepare parts for post processing;Remove the as built parts from the additive manufacturing machines applying the necessary health and safety procedures. Carry out simple manual preparation of the as built part for different post-processing methods.
prepare exhibition programs;Work on exhibition programs and write concept texts.
energy;Power capacity in the form of mechanical, electrical, heat, potential, or other energy from chemical or physical resources, which can be used to drive a physical system.
write signalling reports;Write accurate communications and reports about signalling operations and safety procedures. Perform record keeping and event recording.
identify cause of nutritional imbalance;Recognize the possible root causes of nutritional disproportions and their physiological or psychological nature.
explosives;Behaviour of explosives, pyrotechnics and blasting techniques. Associated risks and legal requirements.
develop musical ideas;Explore and develop musical concepts based on sources such as imagination or environmental sounds.
provide osteopathic treatment to animals;Apply osteopathic techniques and advise on and formulate plans for osteopathic treatment of animals.
maintain the production of juveniles at the nursery stage;Maintain the production of juveniles at the nursery stage using advanced high density production techniques
schedule gaming tables;Schedule use of casino gaming tables and staff working schemes.
focus stage lights;Focus, direct, adjust and tune stage lights, either alone or leading a group. Coordinate with the team to determine the optimal lighting.
develop investigation strategy;Develop strategies used in an investigation to gather information and intelligence in the most productive way, compliant with legislation, ensuring that the strategy is adapted to each individual case in order to obtain intelligence as efficiently and quickly as possible.
interpret current data;Analyse data gathered from sources such as market data, scientific papers, customer requirements and questionnaires which are current and up-to-date in order to assess development and innovation in areas of expertise.
manage changes in ICT system;Plan, realise and monitor system changes and upgrades. Maintain earlier system versions. Revert, if necessary, to a safe older system version.
prescribe tests for physiotherapy;Prescribe diagnostic imaging, laboratory tests and other investigations as part of the physiotherapist client`s assessment in certain situations, where applicable, and in accordance with local or national legislation and/or policy.
maintain furnace temperature;Monitor and govern the pyrometer to control the furnace temperature.
safeguard artistic quality of performance;Observe the show, anticipate and react to possible technical problems, ensuring optimal artistic quality.
develop measuring equipment;Develop new measuring equipment for quantitatively measurable properties such as length, area, volume, speed, energy, force, and others.
create a shooting script;Create a script including camera, lighting and shot instructions.
repair toys;Replace or fabricate parts of toys, from all kinds of materials. Order these from different manufacturers and suppliers or several kinds of stores.
alcoholic beverage products;The origin and composition of alcoholic beverages and cocktails, the way to match them with food and the way they have to be poured.
carry out de-icing activities;Spread salt or other chemical products on the ice-covered surface in public spaces to ensure de-icing and safe usage of such spaces.
create criminal profiles;Determine the psychological and social reasons people commit crimes in order to create typical criminal profile types that can be used by law enforcers in the future to solve crimes and find perpetrators.
monitor distillation processes;"Identify and report problems or potential hazards by monitoring instruments, indicators and meters. Inspect pipelines; lubricate valves or tighten connections if necessary."
assess waste type;Identify waste materials during collection and sorting operations in order to assess whether they need to be recycled, disposed of, or otherwise be treated.
maintain ship stability in relation to weight of passengers;"Maintain vessel stability in relation to weight of passengers; communicate with passengers."
create technical sketches for footwear;Be able to use various sketching and drawing techniques, including artistic representation, by hand or by computer, being aware of proportion and perspective, to sketch and draw footwear, lasts, soles, heels etc., both as 2D flat designs or as 3D volumes. Be able to prepare specification sheets with details of materials, components and manufacturing requirements.
examine the new-born infant;Perform a neonatal examination to identify any danger signs, to assess the normal adaptations of a newborn after birth and to identify birth defects or birth trauma.
operate paper press;Operate the paper shoe press, which forces the paper web between a soft rotating roller, squeezing out water that is absorbed and carried away by wet felts.
manage technical security systems;Verify the operation of technical security systems such as cameras, badge readers or X-ray machines.
set up pyrotechnical equipment;Make sure the pyrotechnic equipment for a performance is set up and ready for operation.
teach psychology;Instruct students in the theories and practices of psychology, and more specifically in topics such as the mind and human behaviour, the mental processes of an individual and cognitive development.
expert services in clinical psychology;Body of services provided in the clinical psychology field such as psychotherapy or cognitive behavioral therapy.
research new food ingredients;Assess new food ingredients by undergoing research activities in order to develop or improve foodstuffs.
coordinate airport environmental policies;Direct and coordinate airport environmental policies and regulations to mitigate impact of airport activities e.g. noise, reduced air quality, heavy local traffic, or the presence of hazardous materials.
tell a story;Tell a true or ficticious story so as to engage an audience, having them relate with the characters in the story. Keep the audience interested in the story and bring your point, if any, across.
obey traffic rules;Follow traffic signs, lights, signals and rules to ensure safe transportation.
solve problems in gambling through digital means;Use ICT resources, tools and competence in order to solve gambling, betting and lottery problems such as game operation problems.
create electrical wiring diagram;Draw the details of electrical circuits in order to aid construction workers with the erection and instalment of electrical wiring in building structures.
lead a team;Lead, supervise and motivate a group of people, in order to meet the expected results within a given timeline and with the foreseen resources in mind.
install gutters;Take measurements, cut the desired length of gutter, assemble gutter pieces to form the corners using adhesive substances and screws, drill a hole for the connection with the vertical gutter, establish the height of the gutter, fix the horizontal and the vertical gutters to the walls using brackets and screws.
observe freight shipment loaders;"Observe process of freight loading; ensure that crew complies with all applicable regulations and procedures; stow heavy and potentially dangerous cargo."
perform euthanasia on animals;Kill painlessly an animal suffering from an incurable and painful disease.
monitor larval development;"Observe appearance and actions of larvae in order to detect diseases; administer correct medication dose to food and water as instructed by supervisor."
interpret visual literacy;Interpret charts, maps, graphics, and other pictorial presentations used in place of the written word.
repair crane equipment;Repair cranes and crane equipment, and replace defective components, parts and systems when necessary, using hand and power tools.
design weft knitted fabrics;Developing structural and colour effects in weft knitted fabrics by using the weft knitting technique.
supply machine with appropriate tools;Supply the machine with the necessary tools and items for a particular production purpose. Monitor the stock and replenish when needed.
design landscape schemes;Design landscaping schemes and create scale models, according to specifications and budget.
deal with air traffic issues;Deal with issues affecting the airline e.g. air traffic control problems and adverse weather conditions. This may involve rearranging flight slots when delays occur.
find your place within the architecture of the production;Strive to familiarise yourself with the work. Understand the architecture, identifying the structure to fit your role in it.
photonics;The science and technology of generating, controlling and detecting particles of light. It explores phenomena and applications in which light is used to transfer or process information, or to physically alter materials.
assemble large dimension fabrics for outdoor usage;Assemble fabrics of large dimensions by sewing, gluing, or bonding, and high frequency welding. Assemble fabrics in order to manufacture products such as awnings, sails, tents, camping goods, textile billboards, tarpaulins, flags, banners, parachutes, etc.
select visitor routes;Examine and select points of interest, travel routes and sites to be visited.
liaise with transportation companies;Establish relationships with transportation companies in order to negotiate advantageous agreements for the transport of goods and livestock.
astrology;The study of the movements and positions of celestial bodies and interpretation of these to predict natural earthly occurrences and the lives and behaviour of people.
urban planning law;Investments and urban development agreements. Legislative developments regarding construction in terms of environmental, sustainability, social and financial matters.
collect biological samples from patients;Follow recommended processes to collect bodily fluids or samples from patients for further laboratory testing, assisting the patient as required.
evaluate cultural venue programmes;Assist with the appraisal and evaluation of museum and any art facility programmes and activities.
upholstery tools;Set of tools used for upholstering furniture, walls and floors such as staple gun, foam cutter, staple remover.
prepare canapés;Make, decorate and present hot and cold canapés and cocktails. The complexity of the products will depend on the range of ingredients used, how they are being combined and their final decoration and presentation.
disseminate internal communications;Disseminate internal communications using the different communication channels that a company has at its disposal.
tend cocoa cleaning machines;Operate a machine that removes from cocoa beans such foreign materials as stones and dirt.
leather goods manufacturing processes;The processes, technology and machinery involved in the leather goods manufacturing.  
sexology;The characteristics and evolution of human sexual activity, sexual orientation and the sexual relationship for various group types such as teenagers, elderly or disabled people.
variety of cheese;Variety of cheeses and the production process behind it. Formulation of cheese by coagulation of the milk protein casein. Classifications of cheese according to criteria such as length of ageing, country or region of origin, texture, methods of making, fat content, suitability for vegetarians and animal from which the milk comes.
Malay;The Malay language.
test dental instruments;Test dental instruments using appropriate equipment. Gather and analyse data. Monitor and evaluate system performance and take action if needed.
tune bicycles;Make sure bicycles are in good working order. Make performance adjustments using hand tools.
operate control panels;Use control panels to steer mechanisms, like automatic gates or machines.
create original drawings;Create original drawings, based on texts, thorough research and discussion with authors, journalists and specialists.
plan artistic production activities;Allocate staff and resources to different activities in the artistic production. Take into account the needs of the production and coordinate with the involved parties.
use handbrake;Use the handbrake as the most effective method to correct high-speed understeering. Use handbrake to diminish danger and increase confidence on uneven roads.
crowdfunding;The process of collecting money via internet to fund a project or a business, using digital strategies to collect small amounts of money from a large group of contributors.
manage animal biosecurity;Plan and use appropriate biosafety measures to prevent transmission of diseases and ensure effective overall biosecurity. Maintain and follow biosecurity procedures and infection control when working with animals, including recognising potential health issues and taking appropriate action, communicating site hygiene control measures and biosecurity procedures, as well as reporting to others.
use shims;Set shims in gaps to keep objects firmly in place. Use the suitable size and type of shim, depending on the purpose.
design safety equipment;Design equipment that protects people from injury, such as hard hats, airbags, and life jackets, applying design principles while keeping health and safety rules and regulations in mind.
carry out project activities;Carry out project activities based on the project work plan and schedule. Assist in the development and execution of project plans.
show commitment;Show willingness to take on tasks immediately, even if they are difficult or uncomfortable.
apply prescribed herbicides;Carry out, under supervision and as authorised, the spraying of prescribed herbicides in accordance with training and skills acquired, using manufacturers’ application rates, in accordance with materials safety data sheets and any formal procedure and practice in place, and for which clearance has been issued.
administer prescribed medication;Administer prescribed medications and treatments to patients on a doctor`s orders.
insert mould structures;Inject molten raw material into a mould to solidify them using cooling systems.
rail design engineering;Thoroughly understand the nature of rail design engineering including electrical, civil and mechanical components. Understand principles of engineering contract management and project management.
perform currency reserve management;Administer the banks gold and currency holdings which are used as a way to settle international debts or to influence the national exchange rate.
Chinese;The Chinese language.
display medical problems;Emphasize significant medical issues in a way that the attention of any healthcare professional using the record is directed on them.
embroider fabrics;Embroider fabrics of different proveniences or finished articles by using embroidery machines or by hand.
operate recycling processing equipment;"Operate recycling processing equipment such as granulators, crushers and balers; process and sort materials to be recycled."
electricity principles;Electricity is created when electric current flows along a conductor. It entails the movement of free electrons between atoms. The more free electrons are present in a material, the better this material conducts. The three main parameters of electricity are the voltage, current (ampère), and resistance (ohm).
operate janitorial tools;Use janitorial tools and equipment such as floor buffers, dust clothes, vacuum cleaners, and cleaning chemical solutions.
check methods;Procedures used for investigative purposes such as surveillance by physical and electronic means, interrogations of witnesses, collection of objects and data for assessment and analysis and physical and electronic research for collecting data.
parkerise metal workpiece;Prevent steel or iron workpieces from rusting and other corrosion by applying a protective phosphate conversion coating to the metal surface through an improved zinc or manganese phosphating process instead of the common iron one. Phosphate coatings are usually applied to firearms or car bodies in their manufacturing process.
fortune-telling techniques;The methods or objects that are used by fortune tellers to interpret and predict the future, such as card reading, palm reading or tea-leaves reading.
Angular;The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in Angular.
ensure safe operation of railway during repairs;Ensure that all safety measures have been applied when works are being carried out on railway track, bridges, or other components.
types of concrete pumps;The types of machines used to pump liquid concrete such as the boom concrete pumps used for large construction projects or line pumps generally used for small-scale works.
think quickly;Be able to grasp and process the most important aspects of facts and their connections quickly and accurately.
instruct in outdoor activities;Instruct students in the theory and practice of one or several outdoor sport activities, usually for recreational purposes, such as hiking, climbing, skiing, snowboarding, canoeing, rafting, or rope course climbing.
ensure regulatory compliance in pipeline infrastructures;Ensure that the regulations for pipeline operations are met. Ensure pipeline infrastructure compliance with legal mandates, and compliance with regulations governing the transportation of goods via the pipelines.
prepare safety exercises on ships;"Plan and perform regular safety exercises on passenger and commercial ships; maximise safety in potentially dangerous situations."
set hygiene standards;Fix standards and procedures to ensure hygiene in an establishment.
replace tyres;Replace worn out or broken tyres of motor vehicles by using hand and power tools. Choose new tyres according to customer requirements and motor vehicle model.
manage challenging work conditions during food processing operations;Handle stressful and challenging work conditions in a limited time frame to ensure qualitative food and beverage products are created in time.
types of aromatherapy treatments;Field of information which distinguishes a variety of ways to apply aromatherapy treatment, such as massages, inhalers, baths, vaporizers, compresses, diffusers, meditiation or deodorizers.
sustainable finance;The process of integrating environmental, social and governance (ESG) considerations when making business or investment decisions, leading to increased longer-term investments into sustainable economic activities and projects.
handle fuels;Handle and store fuels and assess their potential risks and dangers.
compose stowage plans;"Compose stowage plans; knowledge of ballast systems and cargo loading process."
construction legal systems;The different legal systems and regulations governing construction activities across Europe.
operation of different engines;Know the characteristics, maintenance requirements and operating procedures of various kinds of engines such as gas, diesel, electrical, and engines with steam propulsion plants.
neurophysiology;The medical specialty which is concerned with the study of the nervous system functionalities.
perform bronchoscopy;Conduct bronchoscopy to visualise the tracheobronchial tree for both diagnostic and therapeutic purposes.
show impartiality;Perform duties for disputing parties or clients based on objective criteria and methods, disregarding prejudice or bias, to make or facilitate objective decisions and outcomes.
install SSTI system;Install a subsurface textile irrigation system. Attach all necessary parts, including any filtration devices, valves, and sensors. Bury the underground parts of the SSTI system under the ground at the specified depth.
specialise in conservation-restoration of specific types of objects;Specialise in the conservation of particular types of objects: paintings, sculptures, rare books, photographs, furniture, textiles, etc.
adapt sets;Adapt and move set pieces during rehearsals and live performances.
manage front operations;Monitor daily scheduling of room bookings, following quality standards and resolving special situations in front operations.
footwear bottoms pre-assembly;The equipment and techniques used for the preparation of bottom components in the footwear industry, including soles, heels, insoles, etc.
use specialised computer models for weather forecasting;"Make short-term and long-term weather forecasts applying physical and mathematical formulae; understand specialised computer modelling applications."
calculate wages;Calculate the pay of the employees by checking their attendance, sick leave, holidays and overtime in their time sheets. Take the taxes into account and other regulations to calculate the gross and the net.
Marathi;The Marathi language.
compose digital game story;Create a digital game story by writing out a detailed plot and storyboard with descriptions and gameplay objectives.
engineering principles;The engineering elements like functionality, replicability, and costs in relation to the design and how they are applied in the completion of engineering projects.
administer treatments to fish;Administer treatments to fish, including vaccination of fish by immersion and injection, continually monitoring fish for signs of stress.
keep written records of cargo;Keep written records of the quantity of goods loaded or unloaded. Track times, dates and tasks completed.
liaise with event sponsors;Plan meetings with sponsors and event organisers to discuss and monitor upcoming events.
ensure implementation of safe driving practices;Establish principles and standards of safe driving among staff. Impart information on safe driving practices to staff and ensure that they utilise these in the performance of transport operations.
interact professionally in research and professional environments;Show consideration to others as well as collegiality. Listen, give and receive feedback and respond perceptively to others, also involving staff supervision and leadership in a professional setting.
assess transport risks;Identify health and safety risks for the transport sector.
operate lighting equipment;Operate lighting equipment used during production of movies, commercials, animations and other visual productions to create an atmosphere with light.
electronic signals intelligence;The types of military intelligence-gathering by the use of electronic sensors.
provide osteopathic diagnosis;Provide a diagnosis and an inter-disciplinary or osteopathic treatment/management plan by performing an interview, working with patients to identify physical problems and difficulties resulting from illness, injury, disability or aging and by performing an examination.
biomechanics of sport performance;Have theoretical and experiential awareness of how the body works, biomechanical aspects of sport practice, typical movements, and terminology of technical movements to be able to process input from your artistic discipline.
apply restoration techniques;Select and apply appropriate restoration techniques in order to achieve the required restoration goals. This encompasses preventive measures, remedial measures, restoration processes and management processes.
operate handheld devices;Use digital devices which can be held in hand and do not require additional input apart from touch.
collaborate with coaching team;Collaborate as an specialist in a coaching team in order to maximise the sport practitioners performance.
apply Montessori teaching strategies;Instruct students using Montessori teaching approaches, such as non-structural learning through the use of specially developed learning materials, and encouraging students to explore and learn concepts through discovery.
dye fabrics;Dye costume fabrics for live onstage purposes.
set up sound equipment;Set up equipment to record sound. Test acoustics and make adjustments.
keep up with the latest information systems solutions;Gather the latest information on existing information systems solutions which integrate software and hardware, as well as network components.
fishing industry;Have an understanding of the fishing industry, including recreational, subsistence and commercial fishing, and the harvesting, processing, and marketing sectors.
process returned timber products;Confirm the type, quantity, and condition of the goods being returned. Ask the client for the reason why the goods are being returned. Provide all relevant details and update the stock control system. Inspect returned goods to confirm the reason for returning the goods. Take the goods to the correct location, and ensure they are kept separately from normal stock.
write Turkish;Compose written texts in Turkish.
control grape quality;Discuss the quality and quantity of the grapes with viticulturists throughout the growing season.
communicate expectations of fight actions;Agree with the director or choreographer on key ideas expected from the fight action and develop them. Convey the key ideas of the other collaborators, designers, etc. Explain choices in a broad perspective. Identify key points to be communicated. Indicate the work method to be used. Explain the rehearsal stages from the start up to the first performance.
water pressure;Physical laws, qualities and applications of liquid or water pressure.
liaise with cultural partners;Establish and maintain sustainable partnerships with cultural authorities, sponsors and other cultural institutions.
set up consumer electronics;Connect electronic devices, such as TVs, audio and video equipment and cameras, to the electricity network and perform electrical bonding to avoid dangerous potential differences. Test the installation for proper functioning.
determine lather goods warehouse layout;Select the suitable warehouse layouts according to the specific conditions of the leather goods company. Plan the warehouse layout. Implement the warehouse management system.
plaster surfaces;Apply plaster to a prepared surface manually or using a mechanical plaster spreader. Finish the plaster layer with a plastering trowel or screed. Polish the surface to a matte finish to make sure any other coverings adhere to the surface. Inspect the result and retouch if necessary.
prepare lesson content;Prepare content to be taught in class in accordance with curriculum objectives by drafting exercises, researching up-to-date examples etc.
types of foil printing machines;Different kinds of foil machines used to transfer heat from a foil on a solid surface, such as hot foil stampers. Foil fusers however fuse foil to printer toner by applying heat.
maintain court order;Ensure that order is kept between the parties during a hearing in court.
assess the feasibility of implementing developments;Study developments and innovation proposals in order to determine their applicability in the business and their feasibility of implementation from various fronts such as economic impact, business image, and consumer response.
types of table saws;Distinguish different kinds of table saws, such as benchtop table saws, contractor table saws, cabinet table saws, and hybrid table saws.
order supplies;Command products from relevant suppliers to get convenient and profitable products to purchase.
coordinate events;Lead events by managing budget, logistics, event support, security, emergency plans and follow up.
disassemble mobile devices;Deconstruct mobile devices in order to analyse faults, perform replacement or recycle parts.
inspect raw food materials;Inspect raw materials required for the production process, assessing quality and hidden flaws. Verify the origin of the raw materials using the sector defined documents, stamps or marks.
adjust clay burning level;Adjust the temperature of clay baking or burning by operating the valves and the dampers in order to allow specific amounts of gas or oil to be burned.
advise on dating;Give clients tips on how to approach someone and how to behave on dates, make suggestions on what to wear and which activities are popular or original to do on a date.
perform forest analysis;Develop situation analysis reports on biodiversity and genetic resources relevant to forestry.
promote equal pay;Promote actions which aim to close the pay gap between the different genders by researching the current circumstances which facilitate the continuance of the pay gap and the fields in which pay gaps persist, as well as promote the inclusion of different genders in professions or fields which are dominated by one gender.
slice fish;Cut fish or fish parts into fillets and smaller pieces.
select soap shaping plate;Select the corresponding plate and insert it into the plodder machine. The selection of the plate must be done according to specifications so that the soap bars will have the correct shape and size.
lay terrazzo divider strips;Lay strips of various materials to separate different coloured sections of terrazzo flooring. Interpret the plan to determine the correct positions. Mark the positions and attach the strips to the floor.
forecast catering services;Foresee the need, the quality, and the quantity of food and beverages for an event depending on its scope, objective, target group, and budget.
manage habitats to benefit game;Develop and apply a habitat management plan
understand written Macedonian;Read and comprehend written texts in Macedonian.
design flying movements;Design flying movements for artists in a live performance.
position vehicles for maintenance and repair;Place vehicles in the right position (such as on top of a pneumatic lift) for repair and maintenance tasks. Follow safety procedures.
develop forestry strategies;Build up forestry policies in order to enhance their sustainable management and to improve communication linked to forestry operations. These plans are meant to tackle issues regarding correlated environmental and societal changes.
design computer network;Develop and plan ICT networks, such as wide area network and local area network, that connect computers using cable or wireless connections and allow them to exchange data and assess their capacity requirements.
inspect aircraft documentation;Inspect documentation of aircraft related to maintenance and airworthiness.
check paint consistency;Before application of the paint, check paint viscosity by using viscosity meter.
repair lockable devices;Provide repairing and troubleshooting services for automatic door openers, door closing devices and other access control systems, in compliance with specifications.
repair wigs;Maintain and repair damaged wigs for use in stage performances.
operate rail-flaw-detection machine;Operate electric, diesel or steam locomotives to detect and identify rail flaws.
produce prepress proof;Make single or multi-coloured test prints to ensure that the product meets the arranged standards. Compare the sample with the template or discuss the result with the customer in order to make the last adjustments before mass production.
inspect electrical supplies;Check electrical supplies for damage, moisture, loss or other problems.
embedded systems;The computer systems and components with a specialised and autonomous function within a larger system or machine such as embedded systems software architectures, embedded peripherals, design principles and development tools.
adjust eyeglasses;Shape and bend plastic or metal eyeglass frames in order to adjust eyeglasses to fit customers using pliers and hands and applying heat if necessary.
propose projects to artist;Find projects suitable for the artists abilities and needs, propose them to artist, and consult on contracts.
determine internal air quality parameters;Apply the knowledge of essential indoor environmental quality parameters to select the most appropriate ones for the Building Management System (BMS).
feed glass fibre into pultrusion machine;Make sure the glass fibre material is taken in by the pultrusion machine without jams or defects.
Engrade;The computer program Engrade is a e-learning platform for creating, administrating, arranging, reporting and delivering e-learning education courses or training programs.
test the rail-flaw-detection machine;Perform tests of the rail-flaw-detection machine using circuit testers.
international tariffs;Know international tariffs, taxes, or duties that must be paid on a particular class of import or export materials.
cosmetic pedicure;Treatment of the feet and toenails for cosmetic and embellishment purposes. It includes the cleaning of dead skin and the appliance of nail polish and other cosmetic techniques.
assist people in contaminated areas;Assist workers in remediation activities as well as people at risk of exposure in safety operations, such as instructing on wearing protective gear, entering and leaving restricted areas, and usage of remediation equipment.
sell train tickets;Sell train tickets to railway travellers, taking into account destinations, schedules, and discounts available. Accurately check the validity of a range of tickets.
use weft preparation technologies;Prepare bobbins to be used in textile processing.
report harvested fish production;Observe and report fish harvest and variations from expected harvest quota.
electricity consumption;The different factors which are involved in the calculation and estimation of electricity consumption in a residence or facility, and methods in which electricity consumption can be lowered or made more efficient.
adapt to emergency care environment;Adapt practice to ensure that  needs of patients within the emergency and urgent care environment are met.
manage budgets;Plan, monitor and report on the budget.
arrange permit for market stall;Apply for permission at the local authorities to set up a stall on streets, squares and indoor market places.
computer programming;The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms (e.g. object oriented programming, functional programming) and of programming languages.
ensure refrigeration of food in the supply chain;Apply different procedures to maintain the chain of temperature of foodstuffs and products in each stage of the production and supply chain.
reflexology;The application of pressure to plantar, palmar, facial, cranial, dorsal, atrial and reflex points of the body with a specific finger or hand gestures and techniques, such as acupressure and the massage of reflex points located on the body.
coordinate the sale of game;Keep records of what animals are killed or caught. Arrange the sale of game.
adjust feeder tubes;Use wrenches to install and adjust the tubes that carry the gob to the moulds.
broadcast equipment;The use and operation of broadcast equipment such as broadcast consoles, routers, microphones, dual compressors, and other machinery.
geometry;Branch of mathematics related to questions of shape, size, relative position of figures and the properties of space.
product life-cycle;The management of the life-cycle of a product from the development stages to the market entry and market removal.
create ceramic work by hand;Hand-build a ceramic piece of work without use of the pottery wheel, using only hand tools.
use stenotype machines;Recognize the setting of keys in stenotype machines and understand the phonetics of words and syllabes represented in these kinds of machines to allow high typing.
inspect hazardous freight in accordance with regulations;Inspect and take into account regulations on hazardous or delicate freight such as biomedical waste, transplant organs, and blood. Freight may have to cross national borders on its journey to its destination. Comply with legal freight regulations to avoid fines for the transportation company or the organisation that initiated the shipment.
inspire enthusiasm for dance;Encourage and enable people, especially children, to become involved in dance and to understand and appreciate it, either privately or in public contexts.
create project specifications;Define the workplan, duration, deliverables, resources and procedures a project has to follow to achieve its goals. Describe project goals, outcomes, results and implementation scenarios.
establish aquarium;Arrange the aquarium, introduce the species, ensure maintenance and monitoring
change over props;Set, remove, or move props on a stage during a changeover.
assembling processes and techniques for cemented footwear construction;Technology, equipment, machines and tools for lasting and soling in case of cemented footwear constructions.
understand written Punjabi;Read and comprehend written texts in Punjabi.
answer requests for quotation;Make up prices and documents for the products that customers may purchase.
enable patients to explore artworks;Enable patients to discover and explore works of art and the artistic production process.
ensure proper appointment administration;Set up a proper procedure to manage appointments, including policies related to cancellation and nonappearance.
create enamels;Using samples, create recipes for specific enamels.
promote farm products;Explain the characteristics of a product and the way it was produced.
local area tourism industry;The characteristics of local sights and events, accommodation, bars and restaurants and leisure activities.
prepare surveying report;Write a survey report containing information on property boundaries, the height and depth of the terrain, etc..
automatic meter reading;Mobile, network and handheld technologies used to automatically acquire data on energy and water consumption, and forward them to the central database for sending invoices or performing analysis.
clean marble furniture;Use the appropriate cloth and chemical substances to clean and maintain furniture made out of marble.
manage vehicle inventory;Maintain and coordinate a fleet of new and second-hand vehicles.
write Romani;Compose written texts in Burlgarian Romani.
operate rail grinder;Use a rail grinder to remove any imperfection or accretions from rails. Operate a handheld grinder or monitor the workings of a work train.
plan aquatic resources feeding regimes;Make the approapriate operations to ensure aquatic resources for feeding regimes, taking into consideration farming constraints:set up fish feeding regimes, check animal feeding behaviour and operate computerised feed systems.
clean vending machines;use cleaning equipment to mantain regular cleanliness of the vending machines
maintain relationship with customers;Build a lasting and meaningful relationship with customers in order to ensure satisfaction and fidelity by providing accurate and friendly advice and support, by delivering quality products and services and by supplying after-sales information and service.
assist students with their enrolment;Help the accepted students with the enrolment in a certain programme. Prepare legal documents and support the students as they settle in.
handle case evidence;Handle evidence important for a case in a manner compliant with regulations, in order to not affect the state of the evidence in question and to ensure its pristine condition and usability in the case.
use water navigation devices;Utilise water navigation devices, e.g. compass or sextant, or navigational aids such as lighthouses or buoys, radar, satellite, and computer systems, in order to navigate vessels on waterways. Work with recent charts/maps, notices, and publications in order to determine the precise position of a vessel.
give advice on personal matters;Advise people on love and marriage issues, business and job opportunities, health or other personal aspects.
tend stamping press;Tend an automated or semi-automated stamping press, monitor and operate it, according to regulations.
city road network;The city road transport network with its possibilities, limitations, congestion hotspots, and areas of highest use.
special equipment in emergency;The usage of the specific medical and life support equipment on ambulance vehicles, according to skill level.
observe products behaviour under processing conditions;Observe the color of fires and pyrometric cones under certain processing conditions such as high temperature.
manage distribution of destination promotional materials;Oversee the distribution of touristic catalogues and brochures.
interact verbally in Arabic;Communicate orally in Arabic.
hire background musicians;Hire background vocalists and musicians to perform on the record.
create new fight sequences;Observe participants in groups or one by one to identify their potential. Create new movements tailored to make full use of performers potential.
toys and games industry;Types of products available in the games and toys industry and of the major suppliers in the field.
oversee shipment routing;Organise the distribution of the cargo, also known as forwarding. Take into account the instructions of the client and determine where regular routing or various routings may be required.
manage project information;Provide accurate and relevant information to all the parties involved in a project on time.
facilitate teamwork between students;Encourage students to cooperate with others in their learning by working in teams, for example through group activities.
prepare tax returns forms;Totalise all the deductible tax collected during the quarter or fiscal year in order to fill tax return forms and claim it back to the governmental authorities for declaring taxation liability. Keep the documents and records supporting the transaction.
lead a team in fishery services;Direct a fishery or aquaculture team and guide them towards the common goal of completing a variety of fishery related assignments or tasks.
chemical preservation;Process of adding chemical compounds to a product, such as food or pharmaceutical products, to prevent decay caused by chemical changes or microbial activity.
use heat gun;Use a heat gun to warm up various surfaces such as wood, plastic, or metals to shape them, remove paint or other substances.
demonstrate enthusiasm;Display great effort driven by an interest or enjoyment in work itself, in the absence of external pressures.
set quality assurance objectives;Define quality assurance targets and procedures and see to their maintenance and continued improvement by reviewing targets, protocols, supplies, processes, equipment and technologies for quality standards.
motivate employees;Communicate with employees in order to ensure that their personal ambitions are in line with the business goals, and that they work to meet them.
assist in developing marketing campaigns;Provide assistance and support in all the efforts and actions required to implement a marketing campaign such as contacting advertisers, preparing briefings, setting up meetings, and shopping around for suppliers.
circular economy;The circular economy aims to keep materials and products in use for as long as possible, extracting the maximum value from them while in use and recycling them at the end of their life cycle. It improves resource efficiency and helps to reduce the demand for virgin materials.
comply with railway safety standards;Ensure compliance with minimum safety standards for freight cars operated by railway companies subject to European legislation.
analyse theatre texts;"Understand and analyse theatre texts; take an active part in the interpretation of the artistic project; conduct thorough personal research in textual material and dramaturgy."
evaluate psychological health measures;Evaluate the provided psychological health measures in order to assess their impact and their outcomes.
inspect overhead power lines;Inspect the structures used in the transmission and distribution of electrical energy, such as the conductors, towers, and poles, to identify damage and need for repairs, and ensure routine maintenance is performed.
control open-fire kettles;Control open-fire kettles, steam-jacketed kettles, batch cookers, or continuous pressure cookers to cook gum, candy, and other confectionery ingredients according to formula.
watch for maritime navigation aids;Watch for navigation aids (lighthouses and buoys), obstructions, and other vessels that may be encountered. Interpret navigation aids, communicate information, and take orders from the captain.
maintain forest inventory;Recognise growing crops in forests and woodlands. Record their numbers in a formal inventory. Take measures applying the appropriate techniques.
store soap flakes;Keep in reserve processed soap flakes through the conveyor belt to the storage bins.
inspect manufacture of rolling stock;Inspect manufacturing plants where rolling stock parts are produced to ensure safety and quality control. Ensure that components are manufactured in compliance with safety and design specifications.
apply forest legislation;Apply laws that govern activities in forest lands in order to protect resources and prevent harmful actions such as forest clearing and logging.
assess heating and cooling systems;Select heating and cooling systems, specifically in relation with the buildings architectural design and building functions. Discuss the relation between architectural design and selection of heating and cooling systems in a multidisciplinary team.
enforce financial policies;Read, understand, and enforce the abidance of the financial policies of the company in regards with all the fiscal and accounting proceedings of the organisation.
stir herbs in vats;Use appropriate equipment to stir herbs in vats during the process of infusion of aromas.
test microelectromechanical systems;Test microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) using appropriate equipment and testing techniques, such as thermal shock tests, thermal cycling tests, and burn-in tests. Monitor and evaluate system performance and take action if needed.
organise wires;Apply wire markers and cable labels to identify and organise the wire. Use tie-wrap or cable lace to keep the wires together.
manage volunteers;Manage volunteers tasks, recruitment, programmes and budgets.
timber products;Key features, advantages and limitations of the different timbers and timber based products sold at a company and where to access this information.
signal boxes;The different kinds of signal boxes, such as older signal boxes utilising levers and manual equipment, LED-based panel signal boxes, and integrated electronic systems.
ensure compliance with safety legislation;Implement safety programmes to comply with national laws and legislation. Ensure that equipment and processes are compliant with safety regulations.
tend wire weaving machine;Tend a machine designed for weaving cold metal wire into mesh, monitor and operate it, according to regulations.
inspect staff;Inspect staff to ensure correct practices and procedures.
plan aquaculture cage mooring system;Plan aquaculture cage mooring system for designated aquatic species.
create storyboards;Apply story development and plot lines and edit animations to create storyboards that render the flow of the animation. Map out key scenes and develop characters.
use presentation software;Use software tools to create digital presentations which combine various elements, such as graphs, images, text and other multimedia.
replace filled pallets;Replace the pallets already filled with slabs with empty ones, using a lifting machine.
manage government funding;Monitor the budget received through government funding, and ensure there are enough resources to cover the costs and expenses of the organisation or project.
bathe dogs;Prepare dog by removing excess hair, knots and tangles. Bathe and clean a dog’s coat and skin.
perform military operations;Perform military operations according to given instructions from superiors, such as battle operations, rescue missions, aid missions, search and intelligence missions or other operations concerning defense.
Montenegrin;The Montenegrin language.
undertake research in medical genetics;Undertake research to study patterns of genetic variation in human populations, the causes of these variations, and how they influence disease susceptibility, studying gene-gene and gene-environmental interactions in multifactorial diseases and chromosomal abnormalities, gene expression in early human development, and the influence of genes on behaviour.
provide advice to farmers;Provide technical and economical advice in order to optimise the quality and production of agricultural products.
baby care;The procedures required to take care of children up to the age of 1, such as feeding, bathing, soothing, and diapering the baby.
apply quality standards;Follow procedures which prevent errors in creation and delivery of a product, a solution or a service to customers.
adjust measuring machines;Adjust the tension and the position of the belt on the measuring machines` spindles, following the belt-size chart specifications.
research immune system malfunctions;Examine why the immune system fails and what causes disease.
understand spoken Vietnamese;Comprehend orally expressed Vietnamese.
geothermal power plant operations;The different steps in the production of electricity from geothermal energy and the function of all the components of the required equipment such as pumps, compressors, heat exchangers and turbines.
project management principles;Different elements and phases of project management.
identify digital competence gaps;Understand where one’s own digital competence needs to be improved or updated. Be able to support others with their digital competence development. Seek opportunities for self-development and keep up-to-date with the digital evolution.
monitor nature conservation;Evaluating and monitoring features of nature conservation interest in habitats and sites.
set up equipment for food production;Set up machinery and equipment for food production. Make sure that controls, settings, and input requirements are according to the required standards.
perform a feasibility study on electric heating;Perform the evaluation and assessment of the potential of electric heating. Realise a standardised study to determine whether the application of electric heating is appropriate under the given condition and conduct research to support the process of decision making.
Oracle Warehouse Builder;The computer program Oracle Warehouse Builder is a tool for integration of information from multiple applications, created and maintained by organisations, into one consistent and transparent data structure, developed by the software company Oracle.
monitor train schedules;Ensure train schedules are followed by monitoring and regulating train dispatch and arrival, in order to avoid schedule mismatches.
imprint circuit design onto wafers;Imprint the electronic circuit design onto the wafers through a process known as photolithography. First, wafers are coated with photosensitive chemicals that harden when exposed to UV light. In sealed dark rooms light is shone through the image of the design through a miniaturising lens and on to the coated wafer. When the chemical is washed off the design remains. The wafers are built up layer by layer, repeating the photo etching process in each new layer. Some layers are cooked, some layers ionised by plasma, and some are baked in metal. Each treatment changes the properties for that layer.
select hazard control;Perform appropriate selection of hazard control measures and risk management
detect finger prints;Detect the presence of finger prints on a crime scene using the appropriate materials, and recording them in order to obtain evidence for the investigation of the events which have occurred on the scene.
monitor developments in field of expertise;Keep up with new research, regulations, and other significant changes, labour market related or otherwise, occurring within the field of specialisation.
prepare meat products for use in a dish;Make meat products for use in a dish by cleaning, cutting or using other methods.
interfacing techniques;The techniques that relate to interfaces between models and components.
provide footwear advice to patients;Inform patients on the types of footwear available and suitable for their feet conditions or disorders to increase foot well being.
work safely with hot materials;Take care when handling hot materials. Wear the right protective clothing and take care not to burn yourself or others, damage equipment, or create fire hazards.
negotiate in legal cases;Negotiate on the clients behalf during the treatment of a legal case in order to obtain the most beneficial outcome for the client, and to ensure that all decisions are compliant with legal regulations.
tend discharge conveyor;Operate and monitor the equipment used to move bulk material, such as blended granules, from one place to another.
use solvents;Clean products or surfaces by using solvents to dissolve or extract other unnecessary substances.
develop bioremediation techniques;Research and elaborate new methods to neutralise or remove contaminants using organisms that will transform pollutants into less toxic substances.
secure the liner;Secure the liners by tying the cords around them.
maintain cores;Clean and repair cores, e.g. by smoothing out imperfections on the surface.
plan tanning finishing operations;Plan the finishing operations to produce leather. Adjust the formulation of finishing operation according to each type of leather market destination. Avoid volatile organic compounds (VOCs) emissions.
maintain physical condition of warehouse;"Develop and Implement new warehouse layouts in order to maintain facilities in good working order; issue work orders for repair and replacement operations."
airport environmental regulations;The official regulations for environmental standards in airports as dictated by national codes for planning airport facilities and related developments. These include regulatory aspects which govern noise and environmental aspects, sustainability measures, and impacts in relation to land use, emissions, and wildlife hazard mitigation.
repair heat sealing machinery;Repair broken components or systems of heat sealing machinery and equipment, using hand and power tools.
music and video industry;Players and products available on the market in the video and music industry.
maintain client debt records;preserve a list with the debt records of clients and update it regularly
draw up costume sketches;"Draw sketches of costumes and clothing accessories; note specifications such as size, material type and colour scheme."
handle chemicals;"Safely handle industrial chemicals; use them efficiently and ensure that no harm is done to the environment."
entertain people;Provide people with amusement by doing or offering a performance, like a show, a play or an artistic performance.
maintain farm equipment;Use oil, grease guns, and hand tools to lubricate, adjust, and make minor repairs to farm equipment.
consult with production director;Consult with the director, producer and clients throughout the production and post-production process.
sell cocoons of silk worms;Offer the cocoons of the silk worms for sale to silk makers. Ensure optimal pricing.
create artwork;Cut, shape, fit, join, mould, or otherwise manipulate materials in an attempt to create a selected artwork - be the technical processes not mastered by the artist or used as a specialist.
create incident reports;Fill in an incident report after an accident has happened at the company or facility, such as an unusual event which caused an occupational injury to a worker.
assist patients with rehabilitation;Assist to develop and restore patient`s body systems, their neuromuscular, musculoskeletal, cardiovascular and respiratory systems, helping them in the rehabilitation process.
pose in front of a camera;Perform poses in front of cameras in order to advertise products. Listen to the directions of the photographer or director.
maritime law;The collection of domestic and international laws and treaties that govern behaviour on the sea.
carry out neuropsychological testing;Run neuropsychological tests on patients in order to acquire data about a subject`s cognitive, motor, behavioural, linguistic, and executive functioning and interpret the obtained data in order to guide effective treatment methods for the rehabilitation of impaired patients.
operate traditional water depth measurement equipment;Operate traditional water depth measuring equipment e.g. weights on a line, and traditional techniques for measuring the depth of water, particularly along coastlines and near harbours.
mark designs on metal pieces;Mark or engrave designs on metal pieces or pieces of jewellery, closely following design specifications.
work in fitness teams;Assist qualified fitness instructors and other workers in their duties.
software architecture models;The set of structures and models needed to understand or describe the software system, including the software elements, the relations between them and the properties of both elements and relations.
recognize cytologic abnormalities;Identify cytologic abnormal cases such as infectious agents, inflammatory processes and precancerous lesions in gynecologic and non-gynecologic specimens.
perform packing of footwear and leather goods;Perform packing and expedition of footwear and leather goods. Perform a final inspection, pack, label, store the orders in the warehouse.
pose for artistic creation;Pose for an artist as the object of an artistic creation. Model for the creation of an artistic painting, drawing, sculpture or photograph. Pose without moving and control body movements for specified periods of time. Follow the directions of the artist as part of the creative process.
cultural projects;The purpose, organisation and management of cultural projects and related fundraising actions.
provide escort services;Offer companionship to clients in both private and public settings.
inheritance council practices;Principles and approach to treat heritage appropriately within a project in order not to damage and where possible improve its conditions.
sulphur recovery processes;Processes to recover elemental sulphur or other desired sulphuric products from acid gas obtained as a byproduct from the sweetening of raw gas, such as the Claus process, which uses thermic and catalytic reactions, or its variants.
use filters to dewater starch;Use filters to wash and dewater starch slurry to prepare it for further processing into starch and dextrins, sweeteners and ethanol.
foodborne diseases;Understand foodborne illnesses and poisoning as to prevent public health problems.
Slovak;The Slovak language. Slovak is an official and working language of the EU.
communicate specialised veterinary information;Communicate the relevance of and the advances in the area of specialisation to general practice veterinarians and to non-veterinarians.
monitor the effects of medication;Carry out tests on laboratory cultures to determine the effects of medication and other programmes of treatment.
assess harvesting impact on wildlife;Monitor wildlife populations and habitats for the impact of timber harvesting and other forest operations.
empathise with the healthcare user;"Understand the background of clients` and patients’ symptoms, difficulties and behaviour. Be empathetic about their issues; showing respect and reinforcing their autonomy, self-esteem and independence. Demonstrate a concern for their welfare and handle according to the personal boundaries, sensitivities, cultural differences and preferences of the client and patient in mind."
manage wine production;Manage the wine production and review the production pipeline and volumes.
coordinate forestry research;Coordinate forestry research studies which involve forestry management and conservation, tree improvement, agroforestry, silviculture, pathology and soil selection aiming to improve productivity.
maintain game area;Maintain cleanliness and overall safety of gaming and working areas.
maintain transactions reports;maintain regular reports related to the transactions performed via the cash register.
define technology strategy;Create an overall plan of objectives, practices, principles and tactics related to the use of technologies within an organisation and describe the means to reach the objectives.
assist patients with special needs;Respond appropriately and communicate effectively with patients with special needs such as learning disabilities and difficulties, physical disabilities, mental illness, memory loss, bereavement, terminal illness, distress or anger.
professional transition in an arts career;Be aware of the structure of a professional career, including instruction, professional performance, and professional transition. Assess the current stage of your career and possible trends based on your age, professional background, achievements etc. Be aware of the reality of professional transition, instruction, financial and advice needs.
form continuous bands;Form continuous bands by cutting the plies at the right splice points and by pressing their ends together.
create flower arrangements;select suitable flora and foliage to create floral arrangements and match arrangements with decorative accessories such as pieces of ceramic and vases.
follow environmentally sustainable work practices in the veterinary sector;Contribute to the protection of the environment by complying with the sustainability principles, policies, and regulations related to working with animals.
cosmetic manicure;Various elements of a manicure, such as the cutting and shaping of toe- or fingernails, removing excess callouses and cuticle around nails, and applying a protective or decorative coat of nail polish.
repair core defects;"Repair core malfunctions and damage, e.g. cracks or broken edges; use hand tools, core boxes and patterns."
software frameworks;The software development environments or tools used to improve the efficiency of new software development by providing specific features that support and guide the development.
customise drafts;Edit drawings, schematic diagrams, and drafts according to specifications.
maintain grading equipment;Set up equipment and areas to effectively grade fish according to requirements. Maintain the equipment in a serviceable condition throughout the grading process. Clean and store the equipment after use.
prepare orders;Make food and drinks orders ready in order to be served to the customers.
tanning process;Operations performed from beamhouse to tanning processes and from post-tanning to finishing processes.
dispatch ambulance;Send the appropriate emergency response vehicle to the indicated location in order to offer support to individuals who find themselves in life-threatening situations.
transport blood samples;Ensure that the blood samples collected are transported safely and correctly, following strict procedures to avoid contamination
treat tooth decay;Treat tooth decay by assessing the risk, extent and activity of tooth decay, and recommend and provide appropriate therapy, whether surgical or non-surgical.
international human rights law;The aspect of international law which deals with the promotion and protection of human rights, the related treaties and agreements between nations, the binding legal effects, and the contributions made to the development and implemenation of human rights law.
liaise with auditors;Participate in discussions with the auditors conducting inspections of the organisations accounts and inform the managers about the results and conclusions.
young horses training;Principles and techiques of educating young horses important simple body control exercises.
inspect heavy surface mining equipment;Inspect heavy-duty surface mining machinery and equipment. Identify and report defects and abnormalities.
use codes to communicate with taxi drivers;Use codes whenever possible to limit the use of conversational language in order to increase productivity.
use watchmakers tools;Use tools commonly used for watchmaking and repairing. Common categories include band tools, watch battery tools, cleaning tools, screwdrivers, brushes, flex shaft, loupes or magnifiers, tap and die sets, watch testers, watch repair kits, watch crystal tools, watch back openers, gauges, glues, demagnitisers, hammers, oils, watch movement tools, bergeon watch tools, horotec watch tools, watch hand tools, soldering tools, watch polishing tools, and tweezers.
provide basic support to patients;Support patients and citizens with activities of daily living, such as hygiene, comfort, mobilisation and feeding needs.
trade in jewellery;Buy and sell jewellery, or serve as an intermediate between potential buyers and sellers.
set up portable field transmission equipment;Set up and operate portable transmission equipment when broadcasting takes place outside of the studio.
prepare equid hooves;Trim and dress horse hooves using the appropriate tools and methods. Comply with the agreed footcare plan.
decentralized application frameworks;The different software frameworks, and their characteristics, advantages and disadvantages, that allow the development of decentralized applications on blockchain infrastructure. Examples are truffle, embark, epirus, openzeppelin, etc.
maintain moving constructions on stage;Check, maintain and repair electrical and mechanical elements of stage elevators and stage traps.
debug software;Repair computer code by analysing testing results, locating the defects causing the software to output an incorrect or unexpected result and remove these faults.
media studies;Academic field dealing with the history, content, and impact of diverse media with a special focus on mass communication.
develop drama production process;Have and develop a thorough understanding of the dramatic production process.
study acquisition of language;Examine how people learn languages, from childhood or in later stages of life, how this knowledge interacts with other cognitive processes, and how it can differ from one language to another across geographic areas.
ink printing plates;Cover the plate with a thin coat of water and apply oil-based inks with a rubber roller, repelling and sticking the ink to the image area. This image can then further be transferred to paper in various printing processes.
adapt communication style according to recipient;Adapt communication style to that of the recipient of the message in order to create a rapport.
assemble optomechanical equipment;Prepare and assemble optomechanical components and systems, such as optical mounts and optical tables, using hand tools, precision measuring equipment, soldering and polishing techniques.
grade pulp;Oversee pulp quality based on their pulping process, raw materials, yield, fibre length and other categories such as dirt, moisture content, porosity, density, and brightness.
operate drones in civil engineering;Operate drone technologies in the area of civil engineering in a number of different uses, such as topographic terrain mapping, building and land surveys, site inspections, remote monitoring, and thermal imaging recording.
operate crusher;Operate machines designed to crush rocks, ores, large coal lumps, and other materials. Work with a jaw crusher, which vibrates to force rocks through a vertical V-shaped rack in order to crush them, or a cone crusher which spins a helical element.
agree on repair arrangements;Make an agreement with the customer about product repair and perform appropriate actions to ensure repair.
provide education management support;Support the management of an education institution by directly assisting in the managerial duties or by providing information and guidance from your area of expertise to simplify the managerial tasks.
manage the lightering operation;End the lightering operation if required to protect the safety of the vessels, the crew or the environment.
prescribe exercises for controlled health conditions;Provide a range of targeted exercise programmes by applying principles of exercise programming.
sell fish and seafood;Sell fish and varieties of seafood, according to the products availability in the store.
disassemble equipment;Disassembles equipment using hand tools in order to clean equipments and to perform regular operational maintenance.
perform spawning and fertilisation on fish eggs;Carry out spawning and fertilisation techniques on fish eggs
feed pets;Make sure that pets are given appropriate food and water on time.
audio post-production;The mixing process after the music recording phase where each song is edited individually into a finished product.
manage groups outdoors;Conduct outdoor sessions in a dynamic and active way
manage aeronautical information management services;Undertake complex tasks and perform medium and high level database, desktop and GIS-related activities in order to develop quality aeronautical data sets and publications.
operate router machinery;Operate machines and equipment used for cutting various hard materials, such as wood, composites, aluminium, steel, plastics and foams.
allocate numbers to clients belongings;Receive clients coats, bags and other personal belongings, deposit them safely and allocate the clients with the corresponding number of their belongings for proper identification at return.
motion capture;The process and techniques for capturing the movement of human actors in order to create and animate digital characters that look and move as humanly as possible.
types of coffee beans;Most known coffee types, Arabica and Robusta, and the cultivars under each one of those types.
inspect cargo;Conduct quality checks on cargo before loading and after unloading commences. Ensure total on-board cargo load is secure.
types of drums;Drums can be classified according to the manner of sound production and shape such as tubular drums, kettle drums, friction drums, mirlitons and frame drums. The division can also be based on the materials used for their production such as leather-headed drums, clay drums, wood drums and metal drums.
calculate oil deliveries;Make up receipts and calculate deliveries of oil and other petroleum products. Apply standard formulas to calculate test result values.
riveting machine types;The various types of machines used for riveting purposes, their qualities and applications, such as the impact riveting machine, radial riveting machine, orbital riveting machine, rollerform riveting machine, and others.
manage drilling team;Coordinate and supervise the activities of a drilling team.
manage railway construction projects;"Manage the overall planning, coordination, and control of a project from inception to completion; this includes maintaining contact with different types of equipment, materials and subcontractors, as related to the railway system, throughout the project."
protect client interests;Protect the interests and needs of a client by taking necessary actions, and researching all possibilities, to ensure that the client obtains their favoured outcome.
bolt engine parts;Securely bolt together engine components manually or using power tools.
use concurrent programming;Utilise specialised ICT tools to create programs that can execute concurrent operations by splitting programs into parallel processes and, once computed, combining the outcomes together.
implement transport strategy;"Anticipate company requirements and goals in terms of transport strategy; use this as a base to take actions to implement the strategy."
wicker materials;Wicker is woven fiber forming a stiff structure that is used for wicker furniture such as chairs, tables and couches. Various materials can be used for different purposes and aesthetic effects such as willow branches, rattan, cane or bamboo. Sometimes, plastic fibers are used as well.
recommend clothing according to customers measurements;Recommend and provide advice on clothing items to customers in accordance to their measurements and size for clothes.
assist in performing physical exercises;Prescribe and assist physical exercises to help increase strength and dexterity.
hydraulic fluid;The various types, qualities and applications of hydraulic fluids used in metalworking processes such as forging and moulding, consisting out of mineral oils and water.
read gas meter;Read gas measuring meter, recording the relevant information such as the amounts of gas dispensed and received.
give shiatsu massages;Perform massages on clients to reduce their stress and pain according to the shiatsu principles, based on the theoretical framework of traditional Chinese medicine.
deal with arrivals in accommodation;Handle arrivals, guests luggage, check-in clients in line with company standards and local legislation ensuring high levels of customer service.
promote equality in sport activities;Develop policies and programmes that aim to increase the participation and involvement of underrepresented groups in sport, such as women and girls, ethnic minority groups, disabled people and, in some cases, young people.
precision engineering;Engineering discipline related to the fields of electrical engineering, electronics engineering, software engineering, optical engineering, and mechanical engineering that deals with the development of apparatus with very low tolerances.
maintain ship brightwork;"Maintain the brightwork of ships and boats by cleaning, polishing and painting; remove garbage and repair damaged equipment."
change watch battery;Select a battery for a watch based on the brand, type and style of the watch. Replace the battery and explain to the customer how to preserve its life.
handle quotes from prospective shippers;Evaluate the quotes fares and services offered from prospective transporters on the market.
model based system engineering;Model-based systems engineering (MBSE) is a methodology for systems engineering that uses visual modelling as the primary means of communicating information. It is focused on creating and exploiting domain models as the primary means of information exchange between engineers and engineering technicians, rather than on document-based information exchange. Therefore, it eliminates the communication of unnecessary information by relying on abstract models that retain only the relevant data.
act reliably;Proceed in a way that one can be relied on or depended on.
check vehicle damage;Check for vehicle damage including exterior body damage, tire and wheel damage, interior damage, fuel level and mileage at time of rental and return.
use rental management software;Use rental management software to monitor aspects of the business such as finances, rentals, and bills.
data mining;The methods of artificial intelligence, machine learning, statistics and databases used to extract content from a dataset.
operate hand tools in chain making;Operate hand tools such as pliers in the production of various types of chains, hooking the ends of a chain, formed by a machine, together.
manage needs for stationery items;Watch, analyse, and provide sufficient and required stationery items for business facilities to run operations smoothly.
follow a brief;Interpret and meet requirements and expectations, as discussed and agreed upon with the customers.
evaluate humanitarian programme proposals;Provide feedback on proposals concerning plans to improve and to contribute to human welfare.
examine merchandise;control items put up for sale are correctly priced and displayed and that they function as advertised.
interact verbally in Hindi;Communicate orally in Hindi.
set standards for handling valuables;Fix standards for the storage and handling of guests valuables.
use urethane adhesive to fasten windshields;Apply urethane adhesive to windshields and window glass of motor vehicles to fix them firmly to the body of the vehicle.
hatchery design;The components of planning, layout and ventilation involved in a hatchery for designated species of fish, molluscs, crustaceans or others as required.
assemble metal parts;"Align and arrange steel and metal parts in order to assemble complete products; use the appropriate hand tools and gauges."
type texts from audio sources;Listen, understand, and type content from audio sources into written format. Keep the overall idea and understanding of the message together with relevant details. Type and listen to audios simultaneously.
cognitive psychology;The human mental processes such as attention, memory, language use, perception, problem solving, creativity and thinking.
create beverage recipes with botanicals;Creates recipes for beverages using the findings obtained from research in using botanicals, combinations, and potential usage for manufacturing commercial products.
tend to elderly people;Help elderly people in their physical, mental, and social needs.
report on voting process;Communicate with election officials about the voting process. Report on the progression of the election day and the types of problems that were presented.
consult with technical staff;Seek the advice of technical staff concerning the requirements, operation, and use of various products and systems.
diagnose rheumatic diseases;Diagnose rheumatic disorders such as rheumatoid arthritis, autoimmune rheumatic diseases, gout, lupus, back pain, osteoporosis, musculoskeletal pain disorders, osteoarthritis, fibromyalgia, and tendonitis.
create mood boards;Create mood boards for fashion or interior design collections, gathering different sources of inspirations, sensations, trends, and textures, discussing with the people involved in the project to make sure that the shape, design, colours, and the global genre of the collections fit the order or the related artistic project.
evaluate benefit plans;Evaluate the financial strain on the organisation which the execution of benefit plans would bring, and assess the efficiency of operations which ensure the beneficiaries receive sufficient benefits. Identify areas for improvement which will reduce financial risk for the organisation and raise the beneficiaries satisfaction.
estimate value of clocks;Estimate the market value of new or used clocks based on professional judgment and knowledge.
provide documentation;Prepare and distribute documentation to ensure all people involved in the production receive relevant and up-to-date information.
manage agricultural staff;Recruit and manage staff. This includes defining the job needs of the organisation, defining the criteria and process for recruitment. Develop the competences of the staff according current and future needs of the company and individuals. Ensure health and safety of the staff, including the implementation of all relevant health and safety procedures and relatations with regular follow-up procedures.
nuclear medicine;Nuclear medicine is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
operate smelter;Operate heating machinery in order to melt various materials, or to bake filled-up moulds.
curriculum standards;The governmental policies concerning educational curricula and the approved curricula from specific educational institutions.
perform market research in footwear;Perform market research on the company’s customers, selecting and applying the right marketing strategies for footwear industry. Apply the mix of marketing (product, prices, promotion, and distribution) to contextual conditions of the company. Forecast how various factors as environment, technological innovation, buying behaviour etc. influence the marketing and merchandising of the footwear produced by the company.
road signage standards;National and European regulations on the placement and properties of road signage, including size, height, reflectance and other important characteristics.
determine suitability of materials;While designing products, determine if materials are suitable and available for production.
manage storage operations;Select and manage suitable storage area for the traded goods
direct photographic workers;Direct and manage the daily activities of photographic workers.
carry out feeding operations;Carry out manual feeding. Calibrate and operate automatic and computerised feeding systems.
foreign affairs;The operations of a foreign affairs department in a government or public organisation and its regulations.
pen components;Pens are composed of various elements such as a lower and an upper body, a spring, a refill and a cap.
aircraft flight control systems;Know the setting, features and operation of aircraft flight control systems. Manage flight control surfaces, cockpit controls, connections, and operating mechanisms required to control the flight direction of an aircraft. Operate aircraft engine controls in order to change aircraft speed.
check the quality of raw materials at reception;Check the quality of raw materials by assessing its taste, smell, colour, or any other characteristic depending on the product.
attach roofing cover;Securely fasten a roofing cover to a temporary construction in order to keep rain and other weather influences out.
traffic signs;The signals and road signs used in traffic, their meaning and what to do or not to do when you come across them.
plan engineering activities;Organise engineering activities before starting them.
use dialect;Perform lines using a specific dialect as required.
process latex mixtures;Process latex mixtures using control panels in order to obtain rubber products such as foam rubber sheets, balloons or finger cots.
acoustics;The study of sound, its reflection, amplification and absorption in a space.
performance diagnosis;The process that aims at solving problems by correctly identifying the organizational, process, and individual performance levels and how to improve them.
communicate in specialised nursing care;Formulate and communicate complex clinical issues to patients, relatives and other health professionals.
advise on public relations;Advise business or public organisations on public relations management and strategies in order to ensure efficient communication with target audiences, and proper conveying of information.
leather technology;Subject that includes traditional and advanced technologies of tanning processes, including machinery, service plants and other supporting equipment like moving or dosing systems.
behavioural science;The investigation and analysis of subject behaviour through regulated and lifelike observations and disciplined scientific experiments.
interpret hematological test results;Review blood samples and bone marrow under the microscope and interpret results of the tests.
ask key questions about requirements of the artistic work;Ask key questions related to the movements, role development, and other areas to ensure that you are on the same page with the relevant artistic directors such as the choreographer, conductor, or stage director.
greet guests;Welcome guests in a friendly manner in a certain place.
label medical laboratory samples;Correctly label samples of the medical laboratory with the accurate information, according to the implemented quality system in place.
welcome spectators;Welcome, seat and inform spectators in the stadium.
maintain dental instruments;Ensure all dental instruments and components are properly stored and taken care of so they maintain their functionality and appearance.
communications sector policies;The public administration and regulatory aspects of the communications sector, and requirements necessary to create policies.
ensure continuous preparedness for audits;Ensure constant compliance with standards and requirements, such as keeping certifications up to date and monitoring activities to ensure correct procedures are followed, so that audits can occur smoothly and no negative aspects can be identified.
maintain ropes;Maintain splices and knots in ropes.
maintain shipboard machinery;Take care of the repair and maintenance of shipboard machinery, including the safe isolation of such machinery or equipment before personnel are permitted to work on it. Dismantle, adjust and reassemble machinery and equipment with the right tools and measuring instruments. Interpret machinery drawings and handbooks and diagrams of piping, hydraulic and pneumatic systems.
set colour profiles;Maintain consistent colour output in digital colour and inkjet printers by running calibration routines and making sure that the colour profiles for the printers are still accurate.
chemical reactions of roasting cacao beans;Proper roasting, which reduces this risk of bacteria. Chemical reactions occur when cocoa beans are roasted and proper roasting is integral to good flavoured chocolate.
collect fees for toilet usage;Collect the amount of money foreseen for the public use of toilets and grant access to them after payment.
hair colouring;The theory and practice of colouring a hairstyle and various process steps and types such as bleaching, highlights, and balayage.
diagnose heart conditions;Diagnose cardiovascular diseases by using a multitude of tests such as echocardiogram, ambulatory ECG, exercise tests and cardiac catheterisation, interpreting them accordingly and accurately.
solder electronics;Operate and use soldering tools and soldering iron, which supply high temperatures to melt the solder and to join electronic components.
traditional Chinese medicine;Theories of traditional Chinese medical practices that put emphasis on various mind and body practices, as well as herbal medicine to treat or prevent various health problems.
leather goods components;The various procedures and methods in the processing of leather materials and leather goods components like manufacturability and properties.  
LESS;The computer language LESS is a style sheet language that conveys the presentation of structured documents. These documents have to adhere to style sheets, a set of stylistic rules such as font, color and layout.
understand written Turkish;Read and comprehend written texts in Turkish.
perform drug investigations;Perform investigations to try and halt the distribution of drugs through illegal and criminal measures, as well as arrest the distributors of illegal drugs.
CAM software;Different tools for computer-aided manufacturing (CAM) to control machinery and machine tools in the creation, modification, analysis, or optimisation as part of the manufacturing processes of workpieces.
teach boating principles;Instruct students in the theory and practice of piloting a boat, more specifically in courses such as water navigation, boating knots, overboard recoveries, and docking.
train dealers in gaming;Instruct and teach new dealers about the description of their job and introduce them to the team.
measure electrical characteristics;Measure voltage, current, resistance or other electrical characteristics by using electrical measuring equipment such as multimeters, voltmeters, and ammeters.
halal slaughtering practices;The practices involved in the slaughtering of animals for food consumption according to Islamic law such as the animals diet, method of slaughter and upside down storage of the carcass.
follow safety precautions in a gaming room;Follow the safety rules concerning gaming rooms to ensure the safety and the pleausure of the gamers, personnel and other by-standers.
write risk assessment on performing arts production;Assess risks, propose improvements and describe measures to be taken on a production level in performing arts.
advise customers on photography;Provide advice to customers on photographic devices and equipment. Help customers choose a photograpic device that fits their need, share information about their functionalities and maintenance. Inform customers about photoshoots and other photography related services.
maintain mulberry trees;Make sure no disease come to the mulberry trees to ensure optimal breeding conditions for silk worms.
abrasive blasting processes;The various processes, methods and materials used in abrasive blasting technologies, such as wet abrasive blasting, wheel blasting, hydro-blasting, sand blasting, and others.
ensure compliance with waste legislative regulations;Implement and monitor company procedures for the collection, transport and disposal of waste, in compliance with all regulations and legal requirements.
cued speech;The visual communication system that makes use of handshapes and mouth movements to differentiate between the phonemes of spoken language. It is used to help individuals with hearing or language difficulties to visually perceive the fundamental properties of a language.
supervise movement of crew;"Oversee embarkation and disembarkation of crew members; ensure that safety regulations are followed according to specifications."
check vehicle parts on delivery;ensure that vehicle parts received from various suppliers are intact, properly working and delivered on time. Contact the parts manager in case of incidents or anomalies.
imprint visionary aspirations into the business management;Integrate ambition and visionary plans in both the planning and the day-to-day operations in order to set goals for the company to strive for.
apply alternate wetting and drying techniques;Implement alternate wetting and drying techniques in rice cultivation by applying irrigation water a few days after the disappearance of ponded water. Use a water tube to monitor water depth.
Danish;The Danish language. Danish is an official and working language of the EU.
develop an artistic framework;Develop a specific framework for research, creation and completion of artistic work.
psychological effects of war;The impact of war experiences on mental health.
study roles from scripts;Study and rehearse roles from scripts. Interpret, learn and memorise lines, stunts, and cues as directed.
advise on weather-related issues;On the basis of weather analyses and forecasts, advise organisations or individuals of the impact of weather on their activity such as on agriculture and forestry, transport or construction.
prepare flower arrangements;Prepare and arrange flower compositions according to design by applying necessary techniques and using necessary materials.
design medical devices;Design and develop medical devices, such as hearing aids and medical imaging equipment, according to specifications.
tend corn starch extraction machines;Operate corn starch extraction machines, following adequate procedure, and gather the extracted elements and glucose from the process.
use packaging equipment;Use fastening and packaging tools such as plastic strapping, applicators and adhesives, marking and labelling equipment, and tape.
transfer medication;Transfer medication from vials to sterile, disposable syringes using aseptic techniques.
interface with anti-mining lobbyists;Communicate with anti-mining lobby in relation to the development of a potential mineral deposit.
pack charcoal;Pack the granulated charcoal on to the facets of the filter press.
manage a multidisciplinary team involved in patient care;Manage, oversee and work with a multidisciplinary team involved in patient care such as nurses and interns. This includes ensuring effective communication, organising work, and providing support for the team members.
oversee production requirements;Oversee production processes and prepare all the resources needed to maintain an efficient and continuous flow of production.
handle seasonal sales;Oversee seasonal sales activities during busy periods like Thanksgiving and Christmas, including managing the high volume of activity on the sales floor.
assist in veterinary surgery;Assist the veterinary surgeon during surgical procedures by carrying out the duties of a general theatre assistant.
forecast human population trends;Compare existing data about the human population with geographic and sociological knowledge in order to predict trends in human population.
operate cash point;"Count the money; balance cash drawer at the end of the shift; receive payments and process payment information; use scanning equipment."
manage human resources;Conduct employee recruitment, helping employees to develop their personal and organisational skills, knowledge, and competencies as well as providing feedback and performance appraisals. It includes motivating employees, by implementing rewarding systems (managing pay and benefit systems) in order to maximise employee performance with regard to employers strategic objectives.
set up drip irrigation system;Connect all necessary parts of a drip irrigation system, including any filtration devices, sensors and valves. Lay out the irrigation pipes along the covered surface according to a specified design.
types of fuels;Types of fuel available on the market such as petrol, diesel, bio-fuel, etc.
impact of social contexts on health;The social and cultural contexts of individuals` behaviours, and the impact on their health within their social and cultural context.
advise legislators;Give advice on various government and legislative duties, such as policy creation and the inner workings of a governmental department, to government officials in legislative positions, such as members of parliament, government ministers, senators, and other legislators.
produce harp components;Choose the appropriate tonewood and other materials and tools, and build the different harp parts such as the column, sound board, pedals, tuning pins and strings.
design a domotic system in buildings;Design a complete domotic system for buildings, taking into account every chosen component. Make a weighting and balancing between which components and systems should be included in domotics and which are less useful to include, in relation to energy saving.
supervise video and motion picture editing team;Supervise multimedia artists and other members of the video and motion picture editing team to make sure editing is done on time and according to the creative vision of the production team.
land use for airport planning;The principles that govern the use of land for human activities within and surrounding airports, including the impact on natural resources such as water, soil, nutrients and wildlife.
food canning production line;Steps in the canning process line from washing, conditioning and weighing food products, washing and preparing cans, filling cans, as well as other operations in order to obtain the end product.
Adobe Illustrator;The computer program Adobe Illustrator CC is a graphical ICT tool which enables digital editing and composition of graphics to generate both 2D raster or 2D vector graphics. It is developed by the software company Adobe.
conduct ante-mortem veterinary health inspection;Perform clinical assessment and certification of the health status of food animals prior to slaughter.
tend milk filling machines;Handle milk flowing to machines that fill cartons and bottles. Adjust the equipment so that they fill these containers with the right kind of milk—whole milk, low-fat milk or cream.
maintain personal development in psychotherapy;Develop and monitor personal qualities as a professional psychotherapist, ensuring resilience, the ability to manage complex and unpredictable behavior and taking appropriate action when required
maintain camping facilities;Keep campsites or areas for recreation, including maintenance and supply selection.
compile detailed collection inventory;Compile a detailed inventory of all items in the collection.
monitor parking areas to maintain security;Monitor the entry and exit routes within the parking areas and report on any hazards, accidents or violations.
apply arc welding techniques;Apply and work with a variety of techniques in the process of arc welding, such as shielded metal arc welding, gas metal arc welding, submerged arc welding, flux-cored arc welding, and others.
restorative justice;The justice system that is concerned more with the needs of the victims and the offenders, and of the involved community.
carry out cross merchandising;Place a particular item in more than one location within the store, in order to attract customer attention and increase sales.
calculation of food energy;The summing up of the total energy of food by adding together the energy provided by the proteins, total fat, carbohydrates and dietary fibers contained in one meal or food product.
create a crowdfunding campaign;Setup a digital fundraising activity for a project, using crowdfunding platforms. This involves creating a profile on a crowdfunding platform, creating compelling videos about the project, pitching the objectives of the campaign, monitoring the budget, following-up with donors, using social media, etc.
communication related to hearing impairment;The phonologic, morphologic and syntactic aspects and characteristics of human communication for individuals affected by hearing impairment.
zoo regulations;National, regional and international regulations related to zoos.
perform business analysis;Evaluate the condition of a business on its own and in relation to the competitive business domain, performing research, placing data in context of the business needs and determining areas of opportunity.
build garden masonry;Create types of masonry specific for gardens such as walls, stairs, etc.
apply coating to electrical equipment;Prepare and apply coating, such as conformal coating, to electrical equipment and its components to protect the equipment against moisture, high temperature, and dust.
optomechanical devices;Devices which combine mechanical and optical properties, such as precision mirror mounts used in the construction of lasers, optical mounts used in the manufacture of cameras, and optical tables used for optics experiments and engineering.
allergic cosmetics reactions;Potential allergies and adverse reactions to substances or ingredients contained in cosmetic products.
tend bleacher;Add the required amount of bleaching substances and additives and operate the bleaching part of the paper machine, which bleaches the pulp with liquid and solid chemicals, removing any remaining lignin and other impurities.
medical terminology;The meaning of medical terms and abbreviations, of medical prescriptions and various medical specialties and when to use it correctly.
involve service users and carers in care planning;Evaluate the needs of individuals in relation to their care, involve families or carers in supporting the development and implementation of support plans. Ensure review and monitoring of these plans.
prepare equipment for textile printing;Manufacture screens and prepare printing paste. Use tools and equipment associated with screen printing. Select screen types and mesh for appropriate substrates. Develop, dry and finish screen image. Prepare screens, test screens and printed quality.
create a safe environment to put participants at ease;Assess, respond and be flexible to your participants current needs within the session taking into account previous knowledge gathered when planning the session with your group. Consider the emotional wellbeing of participants in your session and where appropriate refer to other support networks. Be aware of equality with your use of language and division of individual attention in your dance sessions, as well as group dynamics and the importance of responding with appropriate content, duration, intensity, pace and tasks for the session.
handle delivery of furniture goods;Handle the delivery and assemble the furniture and other goods, according to customers needs and preferences.
drive in urban areas;Drive vehicles in urban areas. Interpret and understand transit signs in a city, the regulation of traffic, and the related common automobility agreements in an urban area.
maintain edged hand tools;Identify and repair defects in a hand tool handle or shaft. Ensure the tool is in safe working condition. Identify defective and dull cutting edges in tools and use appropriate equipment to sharpen them. Store tools correctly to maintain condition and usage safety.
coordinate shifts;Manage coordination of all activities across each shift.
teach pharmacy principles;Instruct students in the theories and practices of pharmacy, and more specifically in topics such as medicine use, toxicology, pharmaceutical technology, pharmaceutical chemistry, and medicine preparation techniques.
analyse score;Analysing the score, form, themes and structure of a piece of music.
liaise with genetic laboratories;Maintain communication with genetic laboratories in order to obtain results on genetic testing.
take pharmaceutical inventory;Take stock of medications, chemicals, and supplies, entering the inventory data into a computer, receiving and storing incoming supplies, verifying the supplied quantities against invoices, and informing supervisors of stock needs and possible shortages.
liaise with local authorities;Maintain the liaison and exchange of information with regional or local authorities.
conduct flight proficiency checks;"Determine competency of pilots and other aviation personnel; conduct safety checks and make recommendations for safety improvements; analyse and prepare aviation training programmes."
provide ICT consulting advice;Advise on appropriate solutions in the field of ICT by selecting alternatives and optimising decisions while taking into account potential risks, benefits and overall impact to professional customers.
identify nutritional properties of food;Determine nutritional properties of food and label products appropriately if required.
synchronise pumphouse activities;"Ensure synchronicity between pump houses; pursue continuous product flow and minimal product contamination."
test circuitry;Inspect and test signal circuitry, using standard electrical or electronic testing equipment.
show three-dimensional imagination;Demonstrate visual thinking and 3D imagination in order to visualise objects according to the space, the size, etc.
provide flock medical treatment;Treat livestock medically, providing adapted medical treatment and administering medications and vaccinations when required
work in a rail transport team;Work confidently within a group in rail transport services, in which each individual has their own responsibility in working towards a common goal such as a good interaction with the customers, railway safety, and rolling stock maintenance.
define artistic vision;Continually develop and define a concrete artistic vision, starting from the proposal and continuing all the way through to the finished product.
grind terrazzo;Grind the poured and cured terrazzo layer in several steps, from rough to fine, using a grinding machine.
align software with system architectures;Put system design and technical specifications in line with software architecture in order to ensure the integration and interoperability between components of the system.
monitor gauge;Oversee the data presented by a gauge concerning the measurement of pressure, temperature, thickness of a material, and others.
radars;Systems that can use radio waves or microwaves to capture the speed, direction, range, and altitude of objects. It can be used for the detection of aeroplanes, ships, and weather formations.
manage corrective actions;Implementing corrective action and continuous improvement plans from internal and third party audits to meet food safety and quality performance indicators with adherance to agreed timescales.
work with cultural venue specialists;Call upon the competence of other professionals and specialists, from within and outside the organisation, to contribute to activities and provide documents to improve public access to collections and exhibitions.
instruct grant recipient;Educate the receiver of the grant about the procedure and the responsibilities which come with getting a grant.
provide mentorship;Guide and support less knowledgeable or less experienced colleagues.
Kurdish;The ?Kurdish language.
maintain electrical engines;Understanding of electrical circuits and being able to repair. Test and replace electrical components and wiring, using test meters, soldering equipment, and hand tools.
handle pigs;Carry out specialised procedures such as branding, tagging, castration, tail-docking and tooth cutting in humane manner taking into account the hygiene, welfare and safety regulations
record production data for quality control;Keep records of the machines faults, interventions and irregularities for quality control.
food waste monitoring systems;The characteristics, benefits and ways of using digital tools to collect, monitor and evaluate data on food waste in an organisation or hospitality establishment.
maintain aquaculture cage equipment;Ensure maintenance of aquaculture cage equipment, by carrying out tasks such as cleaning floats and arranging ropes in cages.
analyse energy market trends;Analyse data influencing the movement of the energy market, and liaise with the important stakeholders in the energy field in order to make accurate predictions and perform the most beneficial actions.
clean household linens;Wash linens such as sheets, towels and table cloths with water and soap or detergent. Clean linens by hand or by the use of a washing machine.
Nessus;The computer program Nessus is a specialised ICT tool which tests security weaknesses of the system for potentially unauthorised access to system information, developed by the software company Tenable Network Security.
operate furniture machinery;Operate machines and equipment used for making furniture parts and the assembling of furniture.
perform forensic preservations of digital devices;Preserve integrity of ICT devices, such as laptops, desktops and other digital media, by storing them physically and using software such as PTK Forensics and EnCase to retrieve, store and trace digital information in a legal manner so that they can be used as evidence at an appropriate time.
instruct customers on ammunitions usage;Explain the features of weapons, how to load and maintain them, and how to ensure maximum safety.
allocate bills;Prepare and issue bills to clients and debtors taken from the accounts receivable of the financial statements. Disclose the amount to pay, the due date, taxing information, and additional details as necessary.
adapt props;Adapt existing props for use in a specific production.
operate diesel propulsion plants;Operate diesel and gas turbine propulsion plants including related machinery, such as auxiliary boilers, auxiliary engines, incinerators, air compressors, fuel and fuel oil purifiers.
asylum systems;The systems which grant refugees who flee persecution or harm in their home nation access to protection in another nation.
operate voice picking systems;"Operate voice pick systems applying various picking methods; work using verbal instructions and prompts via headphones and a microphone."
organise employees work in the service station;"Make up work schedules and assign tasks to staff members in a service station; guarantee a swift customer service; monitor activity planning and manage priorities."
collect industrial waste;Collect non-hazardous or hazardous waste which is produced by industrial activities, such as paints, chemicals, industrial byproducts, and radioactive waste.
compile airport certification manuals;"Compose and keep up-to-date airport certification manuals; provide exhaustive information on airport facilities, equipment and procedures."
plan art educational activities;Plan and implement artistic facilities, performance, venues and museum-related educational activities and events.
promote event;Generate interest in an event by carrying out promotion actions, such as placing ads or distributing flyers
work within communities;Establish social projects aimed at community development and active citizen participation.
assess the development of youth;Evaluate the different aspects of development needs of children and young people.
operate forklift;Operate a forklift, a vehicle with a pronged device in front for lifting and carrying heavy loads.
emergency surgery;The characteristics and methods of a surgical intervention performed in emergency cases.
handle customer complaints;Administer complaints and negative feedback from customers in order to address concerns and where applicable provide a quick service recovery.
shunt outbound loads;Shunt outbound freight loads to and from inbound and outbound trains.
collect visitor fees;Collect fees from visitors and group members.
motivate supporters;Engage people to take action by communicating inspiring public campaigns.
tend meat packaging machine;Use machinery to package meat products under modified atmosphere, extending its shelf life.
design infrastructure for surface mines;Assist with the design of mine infrastructure using specialised computer software and data calculations.
interact with the board of directors;Present the results of the company, answer questions in regards to the organisation, and receive guidelines on the future perspectives and plans for the company.
build community relations;Establish affectionate and long-lasting relationships with local communities, e.g. by organising special programms for kindergarden, schools and for dissabled and older people, raising awareness and receiving community appreciation in return.
install embossing plates;Glue an embossing plate to a copper backing plate and install this plate into the hot plate of the machine. Cut a piece of cardboard as big as the size of the plate and place it in the bed under the plate. Impress, glue, and align the cardboard, which then leaves a design or letters by pressurizing different contact points.
ensure lawful business operations;Comply with legislation in the daily operations of a company.
tend blow moulding machine;Monitor, set-up and adjust the blow moulding machine controls and mandrel using the control panel or handtools in order to mould plastic products according to specifications.
evaluate delivery of radiation treatment;Analyse and evaluate the radiation treatment to ensure that it appropriately meets the prescription.
use Yahoo! Search;Identify digital information via Yahoo! search engine, judging its relevance and purpose.  
conduct content quality assurance;Carry out validation of content by reviewing it according to formal and functional quality, usability and applicable standards.
analyse market financial trends;Monitor and forecast the tendencies of a financial market to move in a particular direction over time.
perform financial market business;Perform or monitor business operations on the money market and on the capital market such as the lending or receiving of deposits, swap transactions or short selling.
perform fertility laboratory procedures;Conduct laboratory analysis of various cells such as semen, prepare sperm and eggs for insemination and clinical intracytoplasmic sperm injection (ICSI).
monitor international market performance;Continuously monitor the international market performance by staying up-to-date with trade media and trends.
turn wood;Turn wood in chiefly two methods, spindle and faceplate turning. The key difference between these two is the orientation of the wood grain relative to the axis of the lathe.
maintain library equipment;Maintaining, cleaning and repairing of library resources, equipment and facilities, such as dusting or fixing printer paper jams.
oversee spa maintenance;Inspect, direct and execute preventive maintenance and repair of spa facilities. Check for the proper functioning and availability of equipment and supplies. Contact and coordinate on-site maintenance of contractors and their operational costs.
record malting cycle data;Record data concerning the malting cycle and its variables such as air, water temperature, and humidity content.
check in luggage;Weigh luggage to ensure it does not exceed the weight limit. Attach tags to bags and place them on the luggage belt.
logic;The study and use of accurate reasoning, where the legitimacy of arguments is measured by their logical form and not by content.
monitor nitroglycerin flow;Monitor the flow of nitroglycerin so that when the colour changes the product will be discharged in the tanks according to specifications.
install electrical household appliances;Connect electrical equipment, such as dishwashers, ovens and refrigerators, to the electricity network and perform electrical bonding to avoid dangerous potential differences. Test the installation for proper functioning.
prepare exhibition marketing plan;"Develop marketing plan for upcoming exhibition; design and distribute posters, flyers and catalogues; communicate ideas with photographers, graphic designers and printers; prepare articles for online and printed media; keep website and social media up-to-date."
material mechanics;The behaviour of solid objects when subjected to stresses and strains, and the methods to calculate these stresses and strains.
monitor policy proposals;Monitor documentation and processes which deal with proposals of new policies and methods of implementation to identify any problems and inspect their compliance with legislation.
below-the-line technique;The marketing technique used to let consumers get into contact with products by tasting, touching and experiencing them on the selling site and in that sense, closing the selling deal.
chemical technologies in metal manufacture;The chemical procedures and technologies used  in basic metal production.
tend coating machine;Tend manufacturing machines designed to coat workpiece surfaces by applying various coating machine processes, such as powder coating, monitor and operate it according to regulations.
teach chemistry;Instruct students in the theory and practice of chemistry, more specifically in biochemistry, chemical laws, analytical chemistry, inorganic chemistry, organic chemistry, nuclear chemistry, and theoretical chemistry.
cutting technologies;The variety of cutting technologies, such as software or mechanics, guiding cutting processes through lasering, sawing, milling etc.
teach religious studies class;Instruct students in the theory and practice of religious studies, more specifically in critical analysis applied to ethics, various religious principles, religious texts, religious cultural history, and different traditions of various religions.
lactation;The physiology and function of the breast during lactation as appropriate for counselling the pregnant and postpartum woman.
write rail defect records;Compose documents and reports on the nature of rail defects investigated, position of defect in rail, location, etc.
tend lehr;Operate the temperature-controlled kiln used in annealing, the process of gradually cooling hot glass to avoid any internal stress.
prepare treatment plan for art therapy;Make a treatment plan outlining possible art therapy strategies such as drawing, painting, sculpture, and collage with patients ranging from young children to the elderly, looking for forms of art therapy that might be helpful in meeting the patient`s needs.
improvise music;Improvise music during live performances.
manage communicable disease;Handle dangerous infectious diseases in an intensive medical therapy unit.
operate equipment for food homogenisation;Tend equipment and machines such as extruders that exert extreme pressure, sheer, turbulence, and acceleration to foodstuffs in order to stabilise and give them a homogeneous texture.
apply preliminary treatment to workpieces;Apply preparatory treatment, through mechanical or chemical processes, to the workpiece preceding the main operation.
prepare pizza;Make pizza dough and topping ingredients like cheese, tomato sauce, vegetables and meat and decorate, bake and serve pizzas.
measure light levels;Perform measurement of light levels
fibreglass laminating;Process of applying multiple layers of fiberglass, a strong lightweight plastic reinforced with glass fibre woven into mats, using various techniques such as applying pressure or adhesives, welding or heating in order to provide strength and stability to the composite material. The fibreglass can also be sprayed in liquid form onto products.
supervise deposit slips;Supervise paper slips that banks use with customers for the purpose of depositing funds onto their account.
stitch paper materials;Place the book or the material to be stitched under the needle, set the presser foot to the thickness of the book, and turn setscrews to adjust the length of the stitch. Push the material under the presser foot, activating the needle to sew through the length of the paper. Afterwards cut the threads connecting the material, and stack the obtained products.
sell products;Encourage sales by identifying the customer’s buying needs and by promoting benefits and features of the organisation’s products. Respond to and resolve customer objections and agree to mutually beneficial terms and conditions.
clean furniture;Remove dirt, marks and other unwanted material from furniture.
acquire antique items;Purchase antique items such as pottery, furniture and memorabilia, in order to resell them.
store raw food materials;Keep in reserve raw materials and other food supplies, following stock control procedures.
investigate maritime accidents;"Investigate maritime accidents; gather evidence in the event of claims for damages."
handle jewellery and watches insurance claims;Provide assistance to customers whose watches or jewelleries have been stolen or damaged. Communicate with insurance companies in order to quickly replace or refund items.
register birth;Question parents and enter the obtained information on the birth certificate.
analyse energy consumption;Evaluate and analyse the total amount of energy used by a company or an institution by assessing the needs linked to the operative processes and by identifying the causes of superfluous consumption.
interact verbally in Turkish;Communicate orally in Turkish.
construct individual learning plans;Set up, in collaboration with the student, an individual learning plan (ILP), tailored to the students specific learning needs, taking into account the students weaknesses and strengths.
develop procurement strategy;Design the procurement strategy and define the most appropriate and impactful procedure in order to reach the organisations objectives and ensure genuine competition. Define element such as features, scope and duration of the procedure, division into lots, techniques and instruments for electronic submission and types of contract and contract performance clauses.
maintain the farm;Maintain farm facilities such as fences, water supplies, and outdoor buildings.
teach business principles;Instruct students in the theory and practice of business practices and principles, and more specifically business analysis processes, ethical principles, budget and strategy planning, people and resource coordination.
fish harvesting methods;Knowledge of up-to-date fish harvesting methods.
musical instruments;The different musical instruments, their ranges, timbre, and possible combinations.
join metals;Join together pieces of metal using soldering and welding materials.
perform forensic accounting;Perform audits and evaluations of financial information, accounts, financial products, and stewardship of companies. Exert financial investigations with different emphasis such as insurance claims, fraud, and anti-money laundering.
commission set construction;Meet with specialised set construction companies and commission sets.
acupressure;The principles applied in acupuncture using only physical pressure on acupuncture points on the body, unblocking meridians through which the energy called Qi is flowing.
inspect roof for source of rainwater contamination;Make sure the roof that will collect rainwater does not contaminate the water with chemicals, disease vectors and other biological contaminants.
manage database;Apply database design schemes and models, define data dependencies, use query languages and database management systems (DBMS) to develop and manage databases.
plan product management;Manage the scheduling of procedures which aim to maximise sales objectives, such as forecasting market trends, product placement, and sales planning.
report live online;Live online reporting or real-time blogging when covering important events - a growing area of work, especially on national newspapers.
types of polymers;There are two kinds of absorbent pad polymers. In the first, the polymer is injected into the same feedstock that supplies the cellulose fibres, which disperses the polymer evenly throughout the whole product. The second method applies absorbent material to the surface of the pad after its formation.
turf management;Planting and maintainance of turf.
monitor chipper machine;Monitor in-feed and clear the chipper equipment of debris to avoid blockages and jams in order to secure a free flow of materials.
provide railway technical advice;Provide railway technical advice, technical input, or recommendations for updating maintenance processes and revising documentation in order to improve industry performance.
use squaring pole;Use a squaring pole, a telescopic measurement pole that allows for checking the length of the diagonals of an inset area of a structure. If the diagonals are of equal length, the inset is straight.
supervise waste disposal;Supervise disposal of biological waste and chemical waste according to regulations.
strive for company growth;Develop strategies and plans aiming at achieving a sustained company growth, be the company self-owned or somebody elses. Strive with actions to increase revenues and positive cash flows.
manage heavy equipment;Supervise the operation of heavy-duty equipment. Compute the availability of the equipment. Schedule maintenance periods.
set up water filtration system;Place the appropriate filtration units for water filtration and connect them to the source and destination pipes.
foreign valuta;The currencies of different countries such as the euro, dollar or yen including their exchange rate and the methods of currency conversion.
manage system security;Analyse the critical assets of a company and identify weaknesses and vulnerabilities that lead to intrusion or attack. Apply security detection techniques. Understand cyber attack techniques and implement effective countermeasures.
operate marine machinery systems;Operate principles of marine machinery, including marine diesel engine, steam turbine, boiler, shafting installations, propeller, various auxiliaries, steering gear, automatic control systems, and deck machinery. Follow safety and emergency procedures for operation of propulsion plant machinery, including control systems. Prepare, operate, and maintain the following machinery items and control systems: main engine and steam boiler and their associated auxiliaries and steam systems, auxiliary prime movers and associated systems and other auxiliaries like refrigeration, air-conditioning and ventilation systems. Take necessary measures to prevent damage to these systems.
offer free samples of cosmetics;Distribute to the public samples of various cosmetic products you are promoting so that prospective clients can test them and then buy them.
maintain water treatment equipment;Perform repairs and routine maintenance tasks on equipment used in the purification and treatment processes of water and waste water.
guide international students;Support international exchange students with their cultural adjustment in a new community. Assist them with settling in a new academic environment.
manage fitness communication;Ensure proper communication with fitness instructors, medical professionals and keep record of administrative files
botany;The taxonomy or classification of plant life, phylogeny and evolution, anatomy and morphology, and physiology.
ban cameras;Impose a prohibition on filming or making pictures.
use media software;Use mainly visual programming software such as sound, lighting, image, capturing, motion control, UV mapping, augmented reality, virtual reality, or 3D projecting software. This software could be used for example in performing art and event applications.
install solar water heater;Place solar water heaters, which use sunlight to heat water. Find a good location for the heaters, often on the roof of a structure, place them, and connect them to the water supply. Set up the water heater for use.
schedule production;Schedule the production aiming maximum profitability while still maintaining the company KPIs in cost, quality, service and innovation.
wrap yarn around bobbins;Perform wrapping of yarns around bobbins or spools by using adequate equipment for the process.
follow up nutrition care plan;Note the patient`s response to the diet program and calculate and record dietary intake of patients on medical records. Modify nutrition care plan as necessary and provide patients with follow-up training on topics such as nutrition, food preparation, and record keeping.
drive vehicles;"Be able to drive vehicles; have the approapriate type of driving license according to the type of motor vehicle used."
operate band saw;Operate a band saw, an industrial saw that features a continuous flexible blade revolving around two or more wheels.
hydrocarbon isomerisation processes;Understand processes used to change the molecular structure of long hydrocarbon molecules to produce higher octane branched molecules.
obtain healthcare users medical status information;Gather healthcare user information through various sources such as questioning the healthcare user, caregiver, or healthcare professional to obtain information on the patient`s health and social status, and interpreting records made by other health care professionals when appropriate.
perform forest diseases control;Protect the forest crops against pests and diseases by applying chemical control measures, sanitation and eradication.
manage ocean-going oil tankers;Manage lightering operations of ocean-going oil tankers and ensure that procedures throughout the operations are safe and environmentally sound.
map out customer requirements into pragmatic actions;Interpret the requirements of customers in order to convert them into plans and actions that can satisfy their desires and is profitable for the company.
use sander;Use different types of drywall sanders, automatic or manual, handheld or on an extension, to sand surfaces to a smooth finish or to rough them up for better adhesion.
exercise physiology;The effect of exercise on pathology and how the exercise can mitigate or reverse disease progression.
evaluate environmental impact of personal behaviour;Adopt a sustainability-oriented mindset in you daily life and reflect on your personal ecological attitude and on the environmental impact of your behaviour.
theory of constraints;Know the theory of constraints (TOC) and pursue maximum efficiency of equipment, in order to increase output of the supply chain and company profit.
interact verbally in German;Communicate orally in German.
check film reels;Check the condition of film reels upon arrival and register them according company guidelines.
oversee planning of security systems;Monitor the selection and installation of security systems such as fire protection and soundproofing equipment and make sure it is sufficiently efficient and compliant with current legislation.
wax body parts;Remove hair by spreading wax on the skin and afterwards removing it either without a strip when it is hardened, this is called strip-less waxing, or by firmly pressing a strip on the wax and then rip it against the direction of the hair growth, which is called strip or soft waxing.
manage engine-room resources;Allocate, assign, and prioritise engine-room resources. Communicate effectively, showing assertiveness and leadership. Obtain and maintain situational awareness, considering of team experience.
flexography;Process used to print on foil, plastic, corrugated, and other materials used for packaging. This process utilises flexible relief plates, which are made out of rubber or plastic. This method can be used for printing onto almost any type of surface.
create patterns for garments;Create patterns for garments using pattern making softwares or by hand from sketches provided by fashion designers or product requirements. Create patterns for different sizes, styles, and components of the garments.
interact verbally in Kazakh;Communicate orally in Kazakh.
cope with unusual stimuli in the mortuary facility;Deal with strong smells and traumatic sights of deaths from road traffic collisions, suicides or suspicious death cases and keep calm and mental clarity.
intellectual property law;The regulations that govern the set of rights protecting products of the intellect from unlawful infringement.
plant vine yards;Plant vine yards perform planting preparation activites, plant vines and install trellis.
instructions of aerodrome operations;Read and comprehend labels, signs and instructions in the supervision of airport operations.
monitor financial accounts;Handle financial administration of your department, keep the costs down to only necessary expenses and maximise the revenues of your organisation.
understand spoken Malay;Comprehend orally expressed Malay.
assist emergency services;Assist and cooperate with the police and emergency services when needed.
organise staff assessment;Organising the overall assessment process of the staff.
perform dances;Perform in artistic productions of differents disciplines such as classical ballet, modern dance, contemporary dance, early dance, ethnic dance, folk dance, acrobatic dances and street dance.
assess referred healthcare users;Assess healthcare users admitted under other medical specialties.
use sanding machines;Use a power tool to grind or smoothen surfaces by abrasion with sandpaper. Attach the sandpaper to the machine and move it rapidly either by hand-holding it or fixing it to a workbench.
follow up orders for customers;Follow-up/tracking of an order and notifying the customer when the goods have arrived.
manufacture nonwoven staple products;Perform the operation, monitoring and maintenance of machines and processes to manufacture nonwoven staple products, keeping efficiency and productivity at high levels.
speech recognition;The development in the computing field where voice can be recognised by machines and present the results of the spoken fragment or command.
3D printing process;The process of reproducing 3D objects by using 3D printing technologies.
astropsychology;The study that uses astrology for psychological analyses. The cross-fertilisation of astrology and depth, humanistic or transpersonal psychology.
perform water treatments;Perform regularly water testing, ensuring that water management and filtration processes follow reasonable management practices, industry standards, or commonly accepted farming practices. Record previous water contaminations, the source of contamination and contamination remedied. Take mitigation measures to guard against further contamination.
select greeting card sentiments;Select original sentiments for greeting cards.
chemical products;The offered chemical products, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
electrical equipment regulations;The national and international regulations with regards to the use and manufacture of electrical equipment on the workfloor. These regulations provide rules and guidelines on topics such as general risk management, electrical equipment manufacture, electrical equipment testing, electrical equipment installation, warning labels, and certificates.
assign taxi fares;Assign taxi fares according to the request order.
monitor compliance with EU marketing standards for vegetables;Make sure that EU marketing guidelines and standards concerning fruits and vegetables are being followed. Monitor if fruit and vegetable items ready for sale are clean and correctly labelled.
handle external financing;Handle sales on debt, other forms of external financing and apply for consumer credit.
give massages;Provide clients with head, hand, neck, facial or full body massages.
patient autonomy;The patient`s safety, autonomy and rights to make the decisions about whether to follow a prescribed treatment or not.
disseminate results to the scientific community;Publicly disclose scientific results by any appropriate means, including conferences, workshops, colloquia and scientific publications.
create lasts for footwear;Perform various operations in order to create a new last starting from a previous given geometry. This may include adapting the body or the toe of the last and modifying the last.
history;The discipline that studies, analyses, and presents the events of the past related to humans.
develop translation memory software;Develop and improve translation memory software for retrieving equivalent target texts in existing databases when translating from one language to another.
forestry regulations;The legal rules applicable to forestry: agricultural law, rural law, and laws on hunting and fishing.
use computer telephony integration;Utilise technology that allows interaction between telephone and computer in order to enable call services directly within a desktop environment.
provide specialised instruction for special needs students;Instruct students in need of specialised attention, often in small groups, catering to their individual needs, disorders, and disabilities. Promote the psychological, social, creative or physical development of children and teenagers using specific methods such as concentration exercises, role-plays, movement training, and painting.
operate open source software;Operate Open Source software, knowing the main Open Source models, licensing schemes, and the coding practices commonly adopted in the production of Open Source software.
collaborate through digital technologies;Use digital tools and technologies for collaborative processes, and for co-construction and co-creation of resources and knowledge.
social mediation;The non-violent way of resolving and preventing social conflicts between two parties through the use of a neutral third party who organises and mediates discussions between the two conflicting parties in order to find a solution or compromise that suits both parties.
process timber using hand-fed machinery;Use hand-fed machinery for timber processing. Saw with a mobile saw bench, mechanically process firewood, split stakes, and use pointing machines, peelers and wood chippers.
support people with hearing impairment;Accompany the hearing-impaired to facilitate communication in various situations, such as training, work or administrative procedures. If necessary, gather information before appointments.
anchor ships to the port;Anchor ships to the port according to the type of vessel.
monitor flow of gum;Monitoings the flow of gum from mixer into hopper of machine.
expand store regional presence;Identify and develop strategies to expand the companys regional coverage.
electronic locks;Locking devices that use electric current to operate. Electronic locks use motors, solenoids, or magnets to actuate the lock. Often, electronic locks have an access control system and require authentication, such as passwords, fingerprints or chip cards.
establish usage policies;Establish, disseminate and update usage policies for licenses. A usage policy determines what is legally acceptable and what is not, and in which cases piracy is being committed.
international regulations for preventing collisions at sea;Fundamental aspects of the international regulations to prevent collisions at sea, such as the conduct of vessels in sight of one another, navigation lights and markers, major light and accoustic signals, maritime signalling and buoys.
coach performers in your fight discipline;Guide the performers training sessions in your fight discipline so that they gain mastery in fighting techniques, movements and actions. Assess their potential to learn fight actions in a safe way. Organise the training, determining its goals. Direct the performers training.
sandcarving;Process using high pressure sandblasting to carve motifs into materials such as glass, stone, wood and metal.
conduct laboratory chemical research on metals;Perform all laboratory chemical quality control tests for basic metals under national and international standards, applying methods of preparing samples and procedures of doing the tests. Analyse and interpret tests results.
provide customer guidance on product selection;Provide suitable advice and assistance so that customers find the exact goods and services they were looking for. Discuss product selection and availability.
use capturing systems for live performance;Use equipment and software to track movement and other physical phenomena by image analysis, encoders or sensors to generate control signals for performing art and event applications.
tend prepared animal feeds equipment;Use equipment and material handling for the production of prepared animal feeds. Perform maintenance to machinery and ensure steady production ratios and productivity.
ensure safety in electrical power operations;Monitor and control operations on an electrical power transmission and distribution system in order to ensure that major risks are controlled and prevented, such as electrocution risks, damage to property and equipment, and instability of transmission or distribution.
use software design patterns;Utilise reusable solutions, formalised best practices, to solve common ICT development tasks in software development and design.
interact verbally in Persian;Communicate orally in Persian.
collect mapping data;Collect and conserve mapping resources and mapping data.
meet standards of practice in social services;Practice social care and social work in a lawful, safe and effective way according to standards.
teach reading strategies;Instruct students in the practice of discerning and understanding written communication. Use different materials and contexts when teaching. Assist in the development of reading strategies suitable for learners’ needs and goals, including: skimming and scanning or for the general comprehension of texts, signs, symbols, prose, tables, and graphics.
ensure compliance with aquaculture standards;Ensure that operations comply with standards for sustainable aquaculture.
perform data analysis;Collect data and statistics to test and evaluate in order to generate assertions and pattern predictions, with the aim of discovering useful information in a decision-making process.
recognise indicators of gifted student;Observe students during instruction and identify signs of exceptionally high intelligence in a student, such as showing remarkable intellectual curiosity or showing restlessness due to boredom and or feelings of not being challenged.
integrated circuits;Electronic components, made up from a set of electronic circuits which are placed on semiconductor material, such as silicon. Integrated circuits (IC) can hold billions of electronic components on a microscale and are one of basic components of electronic devices.
understand spoken Telugu;Comprehend orally expressed Telugu.
set up fish harvesting equipment;Set up fish harvesting equipment for the efficient slaughter of the fish and subsequent storage.
differentiate between airfield lighting;Identify the differences between various types of airfield lighting e.g. incandescent lighting and LED.
pack leather;Enclose or protect products for distribution and storage. Packaging refers to a coordinated system of preparing goods for transport, warehousing, logistics, sale, and use. Leather packaging requires specific skills.
manipulate plaster;Manipulate the properties, shape and size of plaster.
monitor storage vessels used to transport goods via pipeline;Monitor storage vessels for specific goods such as gases, liquids, crude oil, and others. Check gauge levels and other storage requirements depending on the type of goods.
gastroenterology;Gastroenterology is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
electromechanics;The engineering processes that combine electrical and mechanical engineering in the application of electromechanics in devices that need electricity to create mechanical movement or devices that create electricity by mechanical movement.
handle wine sales;Handle all aspects of wine sales. Communicate with members through telephone and email. Follow up appropriately in order to achieve wine sales.
read checked baggage tags;Read and interpret tags on checked bags and sort luggage accordingly to ensure that items of baggage are loaded onto the correct flight.
check architectural drawings on site;Ensure that the drawings of the architectural project reflect the reality by visiting the construction sites and implementing adjustments.
electric heating systems;Electric heating systems contribute to indoor comfort and energy saving under the right conditions (low frequency use, or very highly insulated buildings). They include InfraRed and electric floor/wall heating.
teach physics;Instruct students in the theory and practice of physics, and more specifically in topics such as the characteristics of matter, creating energy, and aerodynamics.
participate in fashion shows;Show clothing to the audience by walking down the runway and posing for the assembled media.
emission standards;Know the legal limitations of the amount of pollutants that can be emitted into the environment.
Prolog (computer programming);The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in Prolog.
educate on recycling regulations;Educate organisations and individuals on the correct procedures and legislation concerning the recycling of different types of waste in different types of containers, waste collection procedures, and on the sanctions following non-compliance to legislation.
suggest revision of manuscripts;Suggest adaptations and revisions of manuscripts to authors to make the manuscript more appealing to the target audience.
government policy implementation;The procedures related to the application of government policies at all levels of public administration.
camping gear;The different equipment used for outdoor camping, such as tents, sleeping bags and outside cooking equipment.
execute safety assurance exercises;"Organise and execute safety exercises; ensure safety in potentially dangerous situations."
types of crosscut saws;Be acquainted with the use of different kinds of crosscut saws, which consist mainly of felling and bucking saws.
inspect aircraft for airworthiness;Inspect aircraft, aircraft components, and aviation equipment to ensure they conform to design specifications and to airworthiness standards following major repairs or alterations. Approve or deny issuance of airworthiness certificates.
visit suppliers;Visit local or international suppliers to get an accurate understanding of their services and report back to clients on that basis.
examine damaged windshields;Examine chips and cracks on windshields and window glass of motor vehicle to assess the damage. Choose the right type of repair.
Montessori teaching principles;The teaching and developmental methods and philosophy of Maria Montessori, an Italian physician and educator. These principles involve learning concepts by working with materials and encouraging students to learn from their own discoveries, and is also known as the constructionist teaching model.
obtain pyrotechnic permits;Obtain the appropriate administrative permits and licences for use and transport of pyrotechnics and weapons.
provide pre-natal care;Monitor the normal progression of pregnancy and development of foetus by prescribing regular check-ups for prevention, detection and treatment of health problems throughout the course of the pregnancy.
assemble microelectromechanical systems;Build microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) using microscopes, tweezers, or pick-and-place robots. Slice substrates from single wafers and bond components onto the wafer surface through soldering and bonding techniques, such as eutectic soldering and silicon fusion bonding (SFB). Bond the wires through special wire bonding techniques such as thermocompression bonding, and hermetically seal the system or device through mechanical sealing techniques or micro shells. Seal and encapsulate the MEMS in vacuum.
manage chiropractic staff;Recruit, train and manage chiropractic staff within the unit and care team, ensuring clinically effective service to all patients referred to the unit.
monitor the identification of animals;Monitor the identification of animals that come in the slaughterhouse. Assure the correct procedures for legal, quality, and administrative procedures in order to maintain identification and traceability during the manufacturing process.
inspect aquaculture equipment;Inspect aquaculture harvesting tools and machinery to ensure that they work properly.
design process;Identify the workflow and resource requirements for a particular process, using a variety of tools such as process simulation software, flowcharting and scale models.
supervise transfer of luggage;Supervise the transfer of luggage and ensure the timely and safe arrival of baggage to airlines, passengers, and gates, as well as supervising the operations of luggage transfer automation conveyor systems and carousels.
manage artistic project;Manage an artistic project. Determine project needs. Establish partnerships. Manage the budget, schedule, contractual agreements and assess the project.
cosmetic skin treatment;The aesthetic care of the skin, such as facials, including exfoliation, facial masks, peels, steam, and extraction.
match food with wine;Give advice on the matching of food with wine, the different types of wines, the production processes, about the character of the wine, harvest, type of grape and other related advice.
train volunteers;Provide volunteers with training related to the functioning of the organisation, training them on task/role-specific topics, and providing them with policies and procedures and other resources that help them make the most of their time and expertise.
summarise stories;Summarise stories briefly to give a broad idea of the creative concept, e.g. in order to secure a contract.
operate sieves for botanicals;Operate sieves in order to separate botanicals and herbs from the vermouth.
carry out tendering;Place the request for a quotation to the organisation requesting a tender, then perform the work or supply the goods agreed with them during the tendering process.
anchor sheet metal;Set sheet metal objects securely into place using a variety of anchors.
use logic programming;Utilise specialised ICT tools to create computer code composed of series of sentences in logical form, expressing rules and facts about some problem domain. Use programming languages which support this method such as Prolog, Answer Set Programming and Datalog.
remove cheating players;Detect and expel suspected cheating players
plan future capacity requirements;"Develop a solid business plan for future capacity requirements; determine whether or not a company is capable of meeting demands for its products or services."
maintain agricultural machinery;Maintain agricultural facilities and equipment in order to ensure that it is clean and in safe, working order. Perform routine maintenance on equipment and adjust or repair when necessary, using hand and power tools. Replace defective parts components or systems.
negotiate library contracts;Negotiate contracts for library services, materials, maintenance and equipment.
perform skin surgery;"Perform skin surgeries in order to prevent or cure skin diseases; improve skins condition by treating growths or discolouration; treat skin damage caused by disease or ageing."
test make-up;Perform routine tests to determine if make-up products are adequate.
move levers;Move levers in order to facilitate the tile or pipe cutting or to adjust the automatic oilers.
teach literacy as a social practice;Instruct adult learners in the theory and practice of basic literacy, more specifically in reading and writing, with the aim of facilitating future learning and of improving job prospects or optimal integration. Work with adult learners to address the literacy needs arising from their employment, community, and personal goals and aspirations.
macro-regional strategy;A strategic framework that brings together relevant partners from different countries and regions in order to address common challenges faced by a defined geographical area which thereby benefit from strengthened cooperation contributing to the achievement of economic, social and territorial cohesion.
carry out scientific research in observatory;Perform research in a building equipped for the observation of natural phenomena, especially in relation to celestial bodies.
perform in-circuit test;Conduct in-circuit test (ICT) to assess whether the printed circuit boards (PCB) were correctly manufactured. The ICT tests for shorts, resistance, and capacitance, and can be performed with a bed of nails tester or with a fixtureless in-circuit test (FICT).
furniture trends;The latest trends and manfacturers in the furniture industry.
investigate pollution;Identify the cause of pollution incidents, as well as its nature and the extent of the risks, by performing tests on the site of pollution as well as in a laboratory and performing research.
develop long-term treatment course for disorders in the glandular system;Develop a long-term treatment course for the patient suffering from disorders in the glandular system, monitoring the patient regularly or as required, to determine whether there is improvement after the chosen treatment option or not.
apply a holistic approach in care;Use bio-psycho-social models for care and take into account cultural and existential dimensions of the healthcare user, transforming a holistic understanding into practical measures.
military logistics;The operations of the supply and demand of goods and recources on military bases and during military operations on the field, the disruption of enemy supplies, cost analysis, equipment demands, and other military logistics activities.
translate foreign language;Translate words, sentences, and concepts from a foreign language into your mother tongue or another foreign language.
receive goods;Control documentation, unloading and booking of goods with which the receipt from a vendor or from production is posted.
monitor fish health status;Monitor the health of fish, based on feeding and general behaviour. Interpret environmental parameters and analyse mortalities.
carry out training in environmental matters;Perform staff training and ensure all members of the workforce understand how they can contribute to improved environmental performance.
provide test results to medical staff;Record and pass test results to medical staff, who use the information to diagnose and treat patient`s illness.
investigate occupational injuries;Assess, manage, and report cases of occupational illness, disease, or injury, establishing if this is a single case or if there is wider incidence.
define set building methods;Decide on how the set will be built and document the conclusions.
manage briefs for clothing manufacturing;Manage briefs from clients for the manufacturing of wearing apparel. Collect customers demands and prepare them into specifications for the production.
monitor sociological trends;Identify and investigate sociological trends and movements in society.
provide assistive technology;Provide persons with assistive technology to enable them to perform activities more functionally.
betting;The activity of predicting results and wagering money on the outcome. While most betting activities involve sports, bets can be placed on any kind of competition.
provide clinical psychological assessment;Provide clinical psychological assessment in relation to health and health-related and health-conditioned behaviour and experience, as well as clinical disease patterns and their impact on the human experience and behaviour.
promote company;To always try to project the company in the best possible light and to go the extra mile to ensure the best possible experience at the club by staff and customers alike. To explain and actively promote all club activities to customers.
design plant waste procedures;Participate in mine tailings and waste dump design and management, as per geotechnical, operational and statutory requirements.
prepare casting budget;Prepare, together with the production accountant, the budget for the hiring of the actors and extras.
unload supplies;Remove deliveries from a truck and move new supplies to workplace or storage area.
understand spoken French;Comprehend orally expressed French.
select event providers;Evaluate and select the right providers of the right services, according to the customers specific requirements.
control financial resources;Monitor and control budgets and financial resources providing capable stewardship in company management.
reinforce concrete;Reinforce concrete by inserting reinforcing steel members.
take blood samples;Collect blood from patients in an efficient and hygienic manner according to the phlebotomy guidelines and techniques. Sterilise the equipment if necessary.
manage aquatic habitat;Remove artificial barriers to aquatic organism movement, such as culverts and dams. Maintain and restore natural vegetation along shorelines. Minimise erosion along developed shorelines.  Prevent the spread of aquatic invasive species and pathogens and control where possible.
pilot boat for medical emergency services;Be able to pilot a boat in order to respond to medical emergencies and provide medical help in areas not accessible by vehicles or helicopters.
textile marketing techniques;Creating, communicating and delivering value to customers of textile products and services.
tune a projector;Focus and tune a projector.
operate insertion mount machine;Operate the insertion mount machine or inserter to insert the leads of electronic components into holes in the printed circuit boards.
match frames to pictures;Choose the appropriate frame to suit the picture taking different aspects into account such as style and colour.
apply finish to concrete;Finish concrete using a variety of techniques like polishing and acid staining.
work with playwrights;Work with writers through workshops or script development schemes.
support social service users in skills management;Provide support to individuals in determining the skills they need in they everyday lives and help them in their skills development.
plan workshop activity;Plan workshop activities according to production needs.
liaise with sports organisations;Liaise with local sports councils, regional committees and national governing bodies.
manufacturing of metal structures;The production of metal structures for construction.
determine the sex of the animal;Use sex-determining genes and sex chromosomes to identify the gender of an animal. Use different methods based on the type of animal.
involve volunteers;Recruit, motivate and manage volunteers in the organisation or in a department of the organisation. Manage relationship with volunteers from before they make a volunteering commitment, throughout their time with the organisation to beyond the conclusion of their formal volunteering agreement.
safe management of medicines;The methods and principles required to handle, store and prescribe medication with the aim of improving the safety and quality of medication usage.
translate requirements into visual design;Develop visual design from given specifications and requirements, based on the analysis of the scope and target audience. Create a visual representation of ideas such as logos, website graphics, digital games and layouts.
integrated food-energy systems;The integration of food and energy production into farming or food production systems.
assist with filling fuel tanks of vehicles;"Aid fuel station customers in refilling their tanks with gasoline or diesel fuel; operate fuel pump."
perform technically demanding tasks;Perform duties which require particular technical skills such as testing new measuring instruments, developing a program for numerically controlled machines or realising delicate manual work.
act as a watchstander;"Stand watch as a lookout; execute rudder orders to ensure that a steady course is maintained at all times."
maintain plans of a mining site;"Prepare and maintain surface and underground plans and blueprints of a mining site; carry out surveys and perform risk assessment of potential mining sites."
demolition techniques;Various methods of demolishing structures, like controlled implosion, use of a wrecking ball or jackhammer, or selective demolition. Usage cases of these methods based on type of structure, time constraints, environment and expertise.
hazard analysis and critical control points;The field of hazard analysis in order to ensure maximal safety conditions.
operate paper stitching machine;Handle stitcher operator to automatically gather, stitch and trim folded signatures or flat sheets of paper. These are subsequently formed into paperbound books, magazines, pamphlets, catalogues and booklets.
sell tickets;Exchange tickets for money in order to finalise the selling process by issuing the tickets as a proof of payment.
provide pipe bedding;Lay bedding in a trench to stabilise a pipe if called for. Lay bedding beneath the pipe and around it to protect from environmental influences.
participate in editorial meetings;Participate in meetings with fellow editors and journalists to discuss possible topics and to divide the tasks and workload.
apply antibacterial substance to teeth;Apply preventive and prophylactic substances, such as sealants and fluoride, to the teeth according to the dentist`s directions and under the dentist` supervision.
test alkalinity;Test the alkalinity of the caustic soda, adding soda or water as required.
adhere to OHSAS 18001;Know and follow the standards of Occupational Health and Safety Management Systems. Strive to implement practices that reduce the risk of accidents in the workplace.
perform body searches;Examine visitors by performing a body search, in order to detect weapons or illegal substances.
issue sport equipment;Rent or sell sporting equipment, supplies and accessories.
implement short term objectives;Define priorities and immediate actions for the short future.
snap chalk line;Stretch a line covered in fine, non-staining chalk between two points and snap it against a surface to produce a straight line.
adapt to change in marketing;Stay informed and adapt to developments, innovations and trends concerning marketing such as marketing tools and marketing technologies.
establish data processes;Use ICT tools to apply mathematical, algorithmic or other data manipulation processes in order to create information.
determine the loads centre of gravity;Establish the centre of gravity of the load moved by a crane or other machinery or equipment in order to ensure optimal and safe movement.
manage participants expectations in arts;Manage expectations of people involved once the community arts programme is designed or being designed. Be as clear as possible in the scoping stage to build trust between yourself, your potential groups, and funders.
perform water analysis;Collect and analyse samples of surface water and groundwater to analyse them.
evaluate project plans;evaluate proposals/project plans and assess feasibility issues.
landscape architectural instruments;"The instruments, tools, symbols and terminology of landscape architectural drawing and specifications; the laws and codes pertaining to landscape architecture and design."
health, safety and hygiene legislation;The set of health, safety and hygiene standards and items of legislation applicable in a specific sector.
provide information on facilitys services;Provide clients with information about the services and equipment available in the facility, their prices and other policies and regulations.
carry out sales analysis;Examine sales reports to see what goods and services have and have not sold well.
decontamination techniques;The methods and techniques used for the decontamination of waste by removing or neutralising the harmful substance.
ICT network security risks;The security risk factors, such as hardware and software components, devices, interfaces and policies in ICT networks, risk assessment techniques that can be applied to assess the severity and the consequences of security threats and contingency plans for each security risk factor.
allocate locker space;Provide clients with locker rooms and locker keys to secure their belongings in the facility, keeping track of the available space left.
purchase props;Buy the required props for a performance.
speak different languages;Master foreign languages to be able to communicate in one or more foreign languages.
cartography;The study of interpreting the elements depicted in maps, the measures and technical specifications. 
archive healthcare users records;Properly store the health records of healthcare users, including test results and case notes so that they are easily retrieved when required.
organise press conferences;Organise interviews for a group of journalists in order to make an announcement or answer questions on a specific subject.
determine fire risks;Evaluate buildings, housing complexes, public places, and sites in order to discover fire risks.
inspect masonry work;Inspect finished masonry work. Check if the work is straight and level, if each brick is of adequate quality, and if the joints are full and well finished.
play the piano;Play the piano (for music repetiteurs).
select fibreglass;Select precut fibreglass mats to laminate surfaces of boat decks, hulls or golf carts according to technical plans and specifications.
create digital files;Create digital files in the computer system after quality checking printing or scanned documents for malfunctions.
support gender equality;Strive for equal benefit for both sexes by assessing the implications for women and men of any planned action, including legislation, policies or programmes, in all areas and at all levels in the workplace.
create open drainage systems;Build drainage systems in compliance with technical specifications.
ensure the integrity of mail;Ensure the integrity of letters and packages to avoid damage. Ensure that packages are delivered to clients in the same condition they were collected in.
obstetric ultrasonography;The various types of sonography and the information provided when applied to obstetrics such as dating and growth of the pregnancy and visualising the fetus in its mother womb.
build pyrotechnical devices;Build devices needed for the pyrotechnical effects in a performance.
manufacturing of cutlery;The manufacture of different cutlery items, such as forks, spoons, knives, razors or scissors.
diagnosis of mental health issues;The diagnosis of mental health issues such as disorders or illnesses, and psychological factors in other diseases within different issues and different age groups.
harvest crop;Mow, pick or cut agricultural products manually or using appropriate tools and machinery. Taking into account the relevant quality criteria of products, hygiene prescriptions and using the appropriate methods.
electric motors;Motors which are able to convert electrical energy into mechanical energy.
test optical components;Test optical systems, products, and components with appropriate optical testing methods, such as axial ray testing and oblique ray testing.
marine biology;The study of marine living organisms and ecosystems and their interaction underwater.
apply clinical chiropractic competencies in sport;Apply specialized knowledge, skills, and competencies of chiropractic techniques and principles to provide care in all sport and sport injuries with safe, clinically appropriate, and highly professional standard, showing abilities to interact, coordinate and be part of the of the sport health care team.
empower social service users;Enable individuals, families, groups and communities to gain more control over their lives and environment, either by themselves or with the help of others.
set management priorities in pipeline networks;Set the priorities for the performance of activities in pipeline networks. Analyse the different issues within the infrastructure, and tackle issues that may significantly affect operations and those that may be costly if left unaddressed.
maintain forest roads;Inspect the forest roads in order to spot malfunctions, such as fallen trees, and organise repair processes.
match goods with appropriate packaging according to security procedures;Relate goods to be packed with the required security equipment following appropriate security procedures.
manage youth information services;Carry out high-quality research of information relevant for young people, summarize information and create youth-friendly content that is accurate, understandable and accessible for different groups of young people.
maintain aquaculture water quality in hatcheries;Measure flow of water in tanks and natural freshwater bodies. Measure parameters of water quality, such as pH, temperature, oxygen, salinity, CO2, N2, NO2, NH4, turbidity, and chlorophyll.
organise wine cellar;Systematise the wine cellar to ensure an appropriate amount and variation of wine and carry-out efficient and effective stock rotation.
protect plants during pest control;Apply techniques to protect plants from dangerous chemicals used in pest control.
read people;Gather information on people by closely observing body language, registering vocal cues and asking questions.
feed the clay mixing machine;Feed the clay mixing machine with the specified ingredients in order to obtain brick and tile products.
install transport equipment batteries;Install batteries in transport equipmentby using hand and power tools. Make sure the battery fits the model of the transport equipment.
join wood elements;Bind wooden materials together using a variety of techniques and materials. Determine the optimal technique to join the elements, like stapling, nail, gluing or screwing. Determine the correct work order and make the joint.
identify abnormalities;Identify what is normal and abnormal concerning the well-being of patients, through experience and instruction, reporting to the nurses what is abnormal.
manage nutrients;Collect and process samples of soil and plant tissue. Supervise application of lime and fertilisers.
work in crises areas;Support people in fragile and conflict affected environments such as in developing countries.
understand written Malay;Read and comprehend written texts in Malay.
operate washer extractor;Prepare the equipment and safely load and unload clothing items in and out of the washer extractor. Select the right washing programme, recognize faults and malfunctions with the machine and report this to the right person.
operate tote board;Operate a tote board, either manually or using software such as Autotote.
laser marking processes;The various engraving processes employing lasers to make incisions, such as raster engraving, vector engraving, and others.
youth work principles;The purpose and fundamental features of youth work: helping young people to reach their full potential. Youth work encompasses a broad range of activities carried out with, by and for young people through non-formal and informal learning.
analyse X-ray imagery;Analyse X-ray imagery in order to locate the sources of patients` difficulties and interpret the findings.
place carpet;Lay the carpet in the right location and remove wrinkles. Cut surplus carpet at the corners to facilitate handling.
adjust fuel prices in line with company procedures;"Monitor fuel prices on a daily basis and adjust whenever necessary; ensure compliance to company procedures."
apply radiation protection procedures;Inspect rules related to ionising radiation and ensure these abide by the Medical Exposure Directive (MED).
polygraphy;Production branch that handles reproduction of text and images by printing.
screen printing inks;Various types of screen ink, such as solvent, water, water plastisol, and UV curable ink solutions.
manage food manufacturing laboratory;Manage laboratory activities in the plant or factory and using the data to monitor the quality of manufactured products.
calculate tax;Calculate the taxes which have to be paid by an individual or organisation, or paid back by a governmental institution, compliant with specific legislation.
orthopaedics;Orthopaedics is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
operate floor cleaning equipment;Set up, maintain and operate roto, extractor and walk behind scrubbers and other floor care equipment to clean carpets and scrub hard floors.
understand written Maltese;Read and comprehend written texts in Maltese.
sterilise medical equipment;Disinfect and clean all medical devices and equipment gathered from operating rooms, wards and other departments of a hospital or clinic and check for bacteria after disinfection using a microscope.
use welding equipment;"Operate welding equipment in a safe manner; use welding techniques such as shielded metal arc welding or flux-cored arc welding."
mechanics of vessels;The mechanics involved in boats and ships. Understand the technicalities and participate in discussions over related topics in order to solve problems related to the mechanics.
screen cocoa beans;Screen cocoa beans to select the appropriate beans for roasting and grinding. Assure selected beans conform to quality standards and clean cocoa beans with minor defects.
design building air tightness;Address the air tightness of the building as a part of energy conservation concept. Guide the design on air tightness towards the desired level of air tightness.
adapt fighting techniques for performance;Make sure that fighting techniques used in a performance are adapted for the purpose. Ensure the safety of the performers and the audience. Adapt fighting techniques to fit the context and artistic vision of the production.
computer history;The history of computer development framed in a digitising society.
cultivate hops;Carry out the cultivation of hops for the production of beer and other purposes.
use dairy test materials;Use the appropriate equipment for a range of tests on dairy in order to obtain reliable results.
Octopus Deploy;The tool Octopus Deploy is a software program used to automate ASP.NET applications deployment to local or on the cloud servers.
breed pigs;Prepare a suitable environment for pig breeding. Select and prepare the appropriate habitats for specific kinds of pigs. Monitor the pigs growth and health and ensure correct feeding. Determinate when the pigs are ready for trade, consumption or other purposes.
maintain irrigation controllers;Maintain and program different types of irrigation controllers including mechanical, solar battery, digital and computer controlled systems.
compile course material;Write, select or recommend a syllabus of learning material for the students enrolled in the course.
advise customers on delicatessen selection;Provide customers with information on delicatessen and fine foods. Inform them about the selection available in the store, producers, origins, expiry dates, preparation and storage.
decorate pastry for special events;Embellish pastry for special occasions such as weddings and birthdays.
ensure necessary ventilation in machining;Turn on the ventilation systems, such as a vacuum pump or blower, of a manufacturing machine in order to remove noxious fumes, smoke, dust, or for other removal of debris from the surface of the workpiece.
curing methods for tobacco leaves;Processes which aim at eliminating the moisture of tobacco leaves and grant scent in order to prepare them for consumption.
hear legal arguments;Hear legal arguments presented during a court hearing or other context in which legal cases are handled and decided upon, in a manner which provides both sides equal opportunity to present their arguments, and making a decision based on the arguments in an honest and impartial manner.
manage edentulous patients;Manage patients who lack one or more teeth by providing fixed, removable and implant prostheses.
maintain imaging equipment;Inspect imaging equipment and quality assurance processes. Report malfunctions.
advise on family planning;Provide advice on the use of birth control and methods of contraception available, on sexual education, prevention and management of sexually transmitted diseases, pre-conception counselling and fertility management.
measure water quality parameters;Quality assure water by taking into consideration various elements, such as temperature.
social entreprise;The business that uses its profits to reinvest in social missions, which have a social or environmental impact on the society.
observe new developments in foreign countries;Observe political, economic and societal developments in the assigned country, gather and report relevant information to the relevant institution.
perform sensory evaluation of food products;Evaluate the quality of a given type of food or beverage based on its appearance, smell, taste, aroma, and others. Suggest possible improvements and comparisons with other products.
mark differences in colours;Identify differences between colours, such as shades of colour.
brief court officials;Brief court officials such as judges, barristers, and other representatives on the days events, the details of the cases scheduled for that day, attendance, and other matters pertaining court proceedings which are significant.
understand written Georgian;Read and comprehend written texts in Georgian.
rinse photographic film;Make sure the film dries uniformly by rinsing it in a dilute solution of a non-ionic wetting agent.
transportation sector policies;The public administration and regulatory aspects of the transportation and infrastructure sectors, and requirements necessary to create policies.
deliver a sales pitch;Prepare and deliver an understandably constructed sales talk for a product or a service, identifying and using persuasive argumentation.
disassemble machines;Disassemble machines following defined procedures and inventory for the suitable handling of parts. Ensure that machines can be reassembled following disassembly.
lubricate engines;Apply motor oil to engines to lubricate internal combustion engines in order to reduce wear, to clean and to cool the engine.
prepare fish treatment facilities;Prepare fish treatment facilities to effectively isolate contaminated fish during treatment. Control the application of treatments to avoid contaminating other stock, containers and the wider environment.
operate port communications systems;Operate telephone and radio systems, and more complex communication systems used in inland waterway ports, in the coordination of port operations.
manage rubber products development;Define the process specifications for the conversion of materials into usable rubber products and ensure the processes run smoothly. Activities include mixing the rubber polymer with other chemicals, mould the rubber compound into intermediate forms, and form the final products.
prepare sites for planting of grass;Prepare lawn areas by spreading top soil and planting grass, and by laying instant turf.
install smart devices;Install connected devices, such as thermostats, indoor environmental quality sensors, movement detection sensors, electronic thermostatic radiator valves, light bulbs, light switches, relay switches for building services auxiliary, plugs, energy meters, window and door contact sensors, flooding sensors, EC motors for solar shading and automatic doors, smoke and CO sensors, cameras, door locks, doorbells and lifestyle devices. Connect these devices to domotics system and to the relevant sensors.
write Korean;Compose written texts in Korean.
apply quality standards in social services;Apply quality standards in social services while upholding social work values and principles.
calculate rigging plots;Calculate the right data to determine how the rigging will operate during a performance.
address side effects of menopause;Address side effects of menopause such as fatigue, body temperature changes, mood swings, depression and weight gain. Search for symptoms of health problems that can be caused by menopause, such as heart disease, vision issues and osteoporosis.
use meteorological tools to forecast meteorological conditions;Use meteorological data and tools such as weather facsimile machines, weather charts and computer terminals, to anticipate weather conditions.
study music;Study original pieces of music to get well acquainted with music theory and history.
agricultural raw materials, seeds and animal feed products;The offered agricultural raw materials, seeds and animal feed products, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
price product;Set competitive prices and adjust the pricing to increase sales and clear out stagnant items from shop inventory.
manage waste rock;Move the collected debris and waste to the designated collection point and dispose it according to legal and organisational requirements.
innovation processes;The techniques, models, methods and strategies which contribute to the promotion of steps towards innovation.
hang advertising posters;Collect advertising posters and hang them on the respective advertising space. Affix posters in a professional manner, without folds, moulds, or overlaps.
install water reservoir;Set up different types of water reservoirs either above ground or in a prepared hole. Connect it to the relevant pipes and pumps and protect it from the environment if necessary.
teach communication to clients;Provide clients with tips on how to communicate verbally and non-verbally and teach them the appropriate etiquette for different kinds of situations. Help clients attain more effective, clearer or more diplomatic communication skills.
monitor painting operations;Monitor the painting in progress to prevent flaws.
organise shellfish depuration;Plan and monitor cleaning of shellfish from impurities.
operate welding equipment;Use welding equipment to melt and join together pieces of metal or steel, wearing protective eyewear during the working process.
ensure protection of car parking;Guarantee protection, safety and security of parked cars.
debt collection techniques;The techniques and principles used to collect overdue debt from customers.
demining operations;The regulations and procedures involved in the search for identification of land mines, and the procedures of removing and disarming the land mines.
assist in clinical trials;Work with fellow scientists on clinical trials in order to improve medical methods for preventing, detecting, diagnosing, or treating diseases.
maintain nuclear reactors;Repair and perform routine maintenance on equipment which controls nuclear chain reactions to generate electricity, ensure that the equipment functions safely and compliant with legislation.
review music therapy treatment approaches;Modify and revise treatment plans as needed based on patient`s response to therapy.
maintain records related to vehicle operation;Keep up-to-date records of passengers, mileage, gasoline use, destination address and trip purpose.
provide department schedule for staff;Lead staff members through breaks and lunches, schedule work adhere to labour hours allocated to the department.
apply airport lighting cleaning procedures;Follow cleaning procedures for airport lighting, whereby the level of dirtiness may vary. Follow cleaning procedures for lights contaminated with dust, and for lights severely contaminated with rubber deposits.
create musical instrument parts;Design and create parts such as keys, reeds, bows, and others for musical instruments.
precision mechanics;Precision or fine mechanics is a subdiscipline in engineering that focuses on the design and development of smaller precision machines.
concentrate pulp slurry;Measure the weight and concentration of the pulp slurry for further processing and storage by using disk filters and calculating slurry density with specific formulas.
manage logs segregation and stacking;Stack and segregate logs to enable ease of extraction, including placement of brash clear of timber zone.
read assembly drawings;Read and interpret drawings listing all the parts and subassemblies of a certain product. The drawing identifies the different components and materials and provides instructions on how to assemble a product.
bookkeeping regulations;The methods and regulations involved in the process of accurate bookkeeping.
harmonise body movements;Harmonise body movements in accordance to rhythm and melody, aestetic or dramatic concept, dramatic pace, etc.
apply case management;Assess, plan, facilitate, coordinate, and advocate for options and services on behalf of a person.
mix chemicals;Mix chemical substances safely according to recipe, using the proper dosages.
operate radio navigation instruments;Operate radio navigation instruments to determine the position of aircraft in the airspace.
OpenEdge Advanced Business Language;The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in OpenEdge Advanced Business Language.
sew signatures;Open signature and place it over the machine feed arm, releasing the signature. Stitch or fasten endpapers and linings to first and last signatures of books. This skill also includes applying glue to the binding edge of the book and the binding of books.
perform lectures;Present lectures to various groups.
supervise movement of passengers;"Oversee embarking and disembarking of travellers; ensure that safety regulations are followed according to specifications."
extinguish fires;Choose the adequate substances and methods to extinguish fires depending on their size, such as water and various chemical agents. Use a breathing apparatus.
gas dehydration processes;The processes used to remove water from natural gas such as the absorption process using glycol or activated alumina.
identify talent;Identify talents and involve them in a particular sport.
check continuity requirements;Make sure every scene and shot make verbal and visual sense. Make sure everything is according to the script.
operate bottom supported cable-propelled vehicles;Operate bottom supported cable propelled vehicles such as funiculars, cable liners and mini metros. Oversee the traffic in the system in order to ensure fluent movement of vehicles throughout the infrastructure.
organise a repertoire;Sort and order a collection as a whole in such a way that its parts can be found by following the organising principles.
radiology;Radiology is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
create casting breakdown notices;Create brief descriptions of the physical attributes, skills, and experience sought in actors.
deal with challenging work conditions;Deal with challenging circumstances in which to perform work, such as night work, shift work, and atypical working conditions.
types of wine;The large variety of wines, including the different types, regions and special characteristics of each. The process behind the wine such as grape varietals, fermentation procedures and the types of crop that resulted in the final product.
starchy plant foods;Variety of starchy plant foods that render flour, such as barley, oats, peanuts, potatoes, soybeans, rice, buckwheat, corn, lima beans, rye and chickpeas.
analyse legal evidence;Analyse evidence, such as evidence in criminal cases, legal documentation regarding a case, or other documentation that can be regarded as evidence, in order to obtain a clear image of the case and reach resolutions.
oversee vineyard floor activities;Oversee the application of herbicides under vineyard trellis and the mowing of the rows.
sustainable installation materials;The types of installation material which minimize the negative impact of the building and its construction on the external environment, throughout their whole life cycle.
interact verbally in Finnish;Communicate orally in Finnish.
mechanical almond processing;Mechanical processing of almonds by cracking, selecting the nuts and shell waste disposal.
do historical research;Use scientific methods to research history and culture.
develop performance orientation in public administration;Focus efforts and prioritise work to deliver value for money, in line with public service guidelines and policies, in order to achieve cost savings and strategic and sustainable goals, proactively identify inefficiencies, overcome obstacles and adapt their approach to consistently deliver sustainable and high-performance procurement outcomes.
design a solar heating system;Design a solar thermal energy system. Calculate accurate heating demand of the building, calculate accurate domestic hot water demand in order to select the right capacity (kW, litres). Make a detailed design of the installation, principle, automatisation strategy, using available products and concepts. Determine and calculate external heating.
upsell products;Persuade customers to buy additional or more expensive products.
metal joining technologies;The various technologies used for the joining and assembling of fabricated metal workpieces.
natural fertilisers;The composition and action of natural/organic fertilisers such as mineral fertilisers or fertilisers from animal or plant sources.
honey varieties;Varieties of honey based on how they are processed. Some examples: comb honey, strained honey, chunk honey, extracted honey, pressed honey, crystallised or granulated honey, and creamed honey. 
discharge of collected waste;The procedures to be followed to discharge the collected waste safely and in the designated place for doing this.
clear pipelines;Clear pipelines by pumping water or other substances through them, or wash the pipelines manually or using suitable machinery.
pick orders of agricultural products;Assemble and prepare customer orders based on agricultural product knowledge.
set up specifications in curing room;Set up curing rooms according to the curing method, air conditions, moisture in the air, and product requirements.
evacuate people from flooded areas;Evacuate people from areas heavily affected by floods and flood damage, and ensure they reach a safe place where they have access to medical treatment if necessary.
report on overall management of a business;Prepare and present periodic reports on the operations, achievements, and results obtained during certain period to higher level managers and directors.
advise on electrical household appliances installation;Provide customers with detailed advice on the installation, correct use and maintenance of electrical household equipment, such as washing machines, dryers, and dishwashers.
conduct video telemetry;Record brainwaves for several days, combined with video images from a camera, in order to help decide if epilepsy surgery is feasible.
political science;The systems of government, the methodology concerning the analysis of political activity and behaviour, and the theory and practice of influencing people and acquiring governance.
lead healthcare services changes;Identify and lead changes in healthcare service in response to patient needs and service demand in order to ensure continuous quality improvement of the service.
perform patient activity analyses;"Perform activity analyses of a patient in the sense of linking requirement and ability analyses. Understand the activity; its demands and context."
handle paperwork;Handle work-related paperwork ensuring that all relevant requirements are met.
orthopaedic goods industry;The characteristics of devices and suppliers in the orthopaedic devices field.
protect surfaces during construction work;Cover floors, ceiling, skirting boards and any other surfaces with various materials such as plastic or textile to keep them from being damaged or stained when performing construction or renovation work like painting or plastering.
dyeing technology;Processes involved in textile dyeing using different dyeing technologies. Also, addition of colours to textile materials using dye stuffs.
advise on food preservation;Advise on ingredients, processes, and technologies that allow the preservation of food until it gets to the consumer.
perform first fire intervention;Intervene in the case of a fire in order to extinguish the fire or limit the effects pending the arrival of emergency services according to training and procedures.
apply problem solving in social service;Systematically apply a step-by-step problem-solving process in providing social services.
operate two-way radio systems;Use radios that can receive and transmit sound signals in order to communicate with similar radios on the same frequency such as mobile phones and walkie talkies.
aquaponics;The principles and techniques combining hydroponics and aquaculture to produce human food in a sustainable manner, based on the recirculation of water between fish-farming and plant-cultivation compartments.
manage game management plans;Develop, manage and monitor a game management plan to ensure that there is enough game such as deer, pheasant, partridge and grouse.
create relationships with sport competitors;Establish and cultivate relationships with competitors and their representatives while abiding by competition rules.
check quality of fruits and vegetables;"Check fruits and vegetables received from suppliers; ensure highest quality and freshness."
diagnose gynaecological disorders;Identify and diagnose most common gynecological diseases such as ovarian cysts, pelvic inflammatory disease, uterine fibroids, cervical, ovarian and breast cancer.
manage a small-to-medium business;Manage the organisational, financial and day-to-day operation of a small-to-medium enterprise.
modern languages;All human languages still actively used today.
improve safety of medicines;Improve the efficacy and safety of medication by promoting evidence-based medicine, development of guidelines and care protocols.
describe electric drive system;Describe the complete electric drive system with all components needed. These components are the inverter, the e-motor and other auxiliaries like the DC/DC converter, and chargers.
trade sector policies;The public administration and regulatory aspects of the wholesale and retail trade sector, and requirements necessary to create policies.
conduct cleaning in place;Conduct cleaning-in-place and sterilisation on all process equipment, tanks, and lines. These systems support automatic cleaning and disinfecting without the need for major disassembly and assembly.
bring out performers’ artistic potential;Motivate performers to take on challenges. Encourage peer-learning. Establish an environment for experimentation using various methods, such as improvisation.
coordinate timber sales;Efficiently coordinate timber selling in a profitable way. Assist companies in reaching timber production goals by managing timber sales. Takes lead role in timber sale layout and road location activities including clearing and posting timber sale boundaries, cruising timber to determine volumes and grade and marking trees to be removed in commercial thinning operations.
operate masonry power saw;Use a masonry power saw to cut bricks to the right size and shape. Operate a table saw or hand-held saw.
create concept of digital game;Develop and communicate every aspect of overall game vision. Communicate and collaborate with technical crew, artistic and design teams to implement the game vision.
enter receipt of coffee inventory;Enter receipts of coffee inventory into resource planning system. Pay coffee and warehouse invoices.
select scripts;Select the scripts that are going to be converted into motion pictures.
tend bottle cork machine;Tend bottle cork machine in order to ensure the preservation of the product, its character, and ideal conditions.
recommend orthotic devices;Suggest patients to use tailor-made insoles, padding and arch supports to relieve feet pain.
physiology of hearing;The means by which sounds are transmitted through the outer, middle, inner ear and brain.
install stationary sprinkler system;Attach all necessary parts for a stationary sprinkler system, including any filtration equipment.
support audio system installation;Support the on-site installation efforts of the team. Troubleshoot and debug audio systems.
draft procurement technical specifications;Draft technical specifications that enable potential bidders to submit realistic offers that directly address the underlying need of the organisation. This includes setting objectives and minimum requirements for the subject matter, and define the exclusion, selection and award criteria which will be used to identify the Most Economically Advantageous Tender (MEAT), in line with the organisation policy and EU and national regulations.
textile industry machinery products;The offered textile industry machinery products, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
turn ball skins right side out;Place the ball skin on a metal bar, reach through the opening to grab the other side of the skin, pull it through and reshape the skin by running the edges along the bar.
develop specifications of technical textiles;Developing specifications for fibre based technical products with functional performances.
operate concrete pumps;Operate the remote control of the robotic arm of a concrete pump while monitoring the pouring process.
diagnose brain death;Determine brain death for patients who have suffered a massive, irreversible brain injury of identifiable cause, identifying brain death by watching for coma, absence of brainstem reflexes, and apnoea.
prepare bills of lading;Prepare bills of lading and associated shipping documentation in accordance with customs and legal requirements.
read maps;Read maps effectively.
curdling of cheese;Process of curdling: the separation of the milk into solid curds and liquid whey. Usually this is done by souring the milk and adding rennet, either from a calfs stomach or increasingly bacterial rennet.
launching of satellites into orbit;Know about the different procedures, phases, and requirements for launching satellites into orbit.
analyse information processes;Analyse internal processes, implement procedural or policy changes to improve internal operations, such as supply changes or the disposal of records.
treatment of strabismus;The treatment administered in the case of strabismus in patients of all ages.
manage gaming facilities;To manage opportunities for cost and process efficiencies in relation to the maintenance, cleaning, security, administration and other peripheral functions within the GBLs facilities
select semen for artificial insemination of animals;Select semen for animal artificial insemination according to the breeding program. Prepare sample and use the appropriate equipment and safe working practices.
design training programmes for individuals and animals;Develop programmes to train humans and animals work together. Set objectives and targets. Evaluate the implementation of the training programme and progress by both the person and animal concerned.
coordinate the administration of a sports organisation;Develop and implement strategies to coordinate the administration of teams or groups within a club or organisation.
manage credit union operations;Manage the daily operations of a credit union, such as assessing its financial status and deciding on a course of action, monitoring employees, recruiting members to make investments, liaising with members, and managing the board of the credit union.
assessment processes;Various evaluation techniques, theories, and tools applicable in the assessment of students, participants in a programme, and employees. Different assessment strategies such as initial, formative, summative and self- assessment are used for varying purposes.
electroplating processes;The various metalworking processes using electric current to form metal coating on an electrode and on the workpiece, such as pulse electroplating, pulse electrodeposition, brush electroplating, and others.
execute analytical mathematical calculations;Apply mathematical methods and make use of calculation technologies in order to perform analyses and devise solutions to specific problems.
maintain inventory of office supplies;Keep inventory of office supplies such as equipment and stationery items to avoid out of stock or misuse of the supplies.
perform customers’ needs analysis;Analyse the habits and needs of customers and target groups in order to devise and apply new marketing strategies and to sell more goods in a more effective way.
liaise with buyers to plan products for the store;Discuss stock levels and product ranges with buyers.
use ICT systems;Select and use ICT systems for a variety of complex tasks in order to meet a variety of needs.
control textile process;Planning and monitoring textile production to achieve control on behalf of quality, productivity and delivery time.
assess the animal’s rehabilitation requirements;Assess the animal’s rehabilitation requirements in accordance with its current condition and according to referral from a veterinary surgeon, taking into account pre-existing health conditions e.g. diabetes, epilepsy and medication.
install oven;Install gas or electric ovens. Prepare the surface or oven compartment and test whether the oven fits. Attach the relevant pipes or cables.
track price trends;Monitor the direction and momentum of the product prices on a long-term basis, identify and predict the movement of prices as well as identify the recurring trends.
animal hunting;The techniques, procedures and legislations concerning the hunting of animals such as wildlife and birds for the purpose of gaining food and animal products, recreation, trade and wildlife management.
advise on tree issues;Advise organisations or private individuals on planting, caring for, pruning or removing trees.
remove inadequate workpieces;Evaluate which deficient processed workpieces do not meet the set-up standard and should be removed and sort the waste according to regulations.
micro mobility devices;The different types of small lightweight vehicles for personal use such as shared bicycles, e-bicycles, e-scooters, electric skateboards.
operate biological filtration;Operate biological filtration in aquaculture facilities.
characteristics of wheel rail interface;Thoroughly understand the forces of physics involved in the interaction between the wheels and the rail, possible rail defects, maintenance practices, and cost implications.
understand the emotional dimension of a performance;Identify the specific aspects of a cast and the emotions elicited by the performers physical transformations. Sense the emotional charge of choreographic sequences, the arrangement of elements, in the use of space. Identify the emotional curve.
apply footwear bottoms pre-assembling techniques;Split, scour surfaces, reduce sole edges, rough, brush, apply primings, halogenate the soles, degrease etc. Use both manual dexterity and machinery. When using machines, adjust their working parameters.
hazards associated with loading dangerous goods;Know about the hazards implied with the transport of determined dangerous goods. Know about the emergency actions and handling procedures in case of accidents with the goods during their loading or transportation.
conduct surveying activities for construction purposes;Conduct site surveys and preliminary investigations for various structures, earthworks, and foundations prior to the start of the construction process.
translate spoken language consecutively;Translate what a speaker says when the speakers pauses after two or more sentences, accurately and completely and based upon your notes. The speaker will wait until the interpreter finishes before proceeding.
develop hazardous waste management strategies;Develop strategies which aim to increase the efficiency in which a facility treats, transports, and disposes of hazardous waste materials, such as radioactive waste, chemicals, and electronics.
oversee arrival and departure of ships into port;Communicate with the captain in relation to when the ship will arrive or depart the port. Notify and liaise with port authorities.
repair vehicles electrical equipment;Repair and replace electrical equipment inside vehicles, such as lighting and air conditioning systems.
use color matching techniques;Apply specific techniques in order to match different colours.
set up multimedia equipment;Set up and test the multimedia and related systems and technology, according to their specifications.
pose nude;Pose nude as the object of an artistic creation. Model nude before an audience.
change soap filter;Change the soap filter from the plodder machine by unbolting the filter cap, inspecting it and replacing it according to specifications.
procurement of ICT network equipment;The products available from network equipment providers and methods for selecting and procuring the equipment.
interview techniques;The techniques for getting information out of people by asking the right questions in the right way and to make them feel comfortable.
operate airport control tower;Operate the airport control tower, which is crucial to the safe taxiing, take-off and landing of aircraft.
develop organisational policies;Develop and supervise the implementation of policies aimed at documenting and detailing the procedures for the operations of the organisation in the lights of its strategic planning.
compile drinks price lists;Set prices according to needs and preferences of guests.
test visual acuity;Test patients` visual acuity, perception of depth colour, and ability to focus and coordinate the eyes.
use traditional illustration techniques;Create drawings using traditional illustration techniques such as watercolour, pen and ink, airbrush art, oil painting, pastels, wood engraving, and linoleum cuts.
operate board slotting machine;Use an instrument suitable for slotting and corner cutting for corrugated paperboard.
maintain furniture machinery;Maintain machinery and equipment in order to ensure that it is clean and in safe, working order. Perform routine maintenance on equipment and adjust when necessary, using hand and power tools.
present evidence;Present evidence in a criminal or civil case to others, in a convincing and appropriate manner, in order to reach the right or most beneficial solution.
establish collaborative relations;Establish a connection between organisations or individuals which may benefit from communicating with one another in order to facilitate an enduring positive collaborative relationship between both parties.
operate construction scraper;Operate a scraper, a piece of heavy equipment that scrapes a layer of soil from the surface and transports it in a hopper.
documentation types;The characteristics of internal and external documentation types aligned with the product life cycle and their specific content types.
remove film negatives from processing machine;Remove the developed photographic film, now negatives, from the machine and roll them onto a spool.
record test data;Record data which has been identified specifically during preceding tests in order to verify that outputs of the test produce specific results or to review the reaction of the subject under exceptional or unusual input.
types of trams;Know different types of trams and their technical operating requirements. There are various forms of tram, such as cable-hauled, hybrid funicular electric, electric (trolley cars), gas trams, and trams powered by other means.
check the potential of second-hand merchandise;choose from the incoming merchandise the approapriate goods worth selling.
manage second level engines;Operate and maintain second level engines such as boilers and auxiliary engines.
remove dust;Remove dust from furniture, blinds and windowsills using specialised dust cloths or hand-cleaning items.
coordinate cargo handling;Organize stowing with a plan of load distribution to get the stability of the vessel and security. Direction of cargo operations.
install sill pan;Install different types of sill pans, systems that sit underneath the window sill to collect any excess moisture or fluids and convey it outside as to prevent moisture damage to the window or adjacent structures.
machine translation;The computing field that researches the use of software for translating text or speech from one language to another.
operate insulating tube winding machinery;Operate machines and equipment used for winding and cutting insulating tubes.
palaeoclimatology;The field of science that studies climate changes during the entire history of Earth by collecting and analysing samples of elements such as rocks, ice, tree rings, and sediments.
advise customers on using confectionary products;Give advice to customers concerning the storage and consumption of confectionery products if requested.
conduct continuing professional development workshops;Organise and conduct various workshops or tutoring programs to develop and improve medical or dental competencies and clinical performances of healthcare professionals.
communicate with construction crews;Exchange information with the construction crews or supervisors to ensure smooth progress of the construction project. Obtain updates on the progress and any obstacles, and inform the crews of any changes in the schedule or procedures.
process incident reports for prevention;Verify incident information, complete reporting requirements and report to management and relevant site personnel, in order to enable follow-up and future prevention.
handle kitchen equipment;Use a variety of kitchen instruments and equipment such as knives, paring tools or food cutting tools. Chose the right tool for the purpose and the raw material.
quote prices;Refer to prices for the client by researching and estimating fare rates.
test mine equipment;Test repaired machinery or mining equipment to ensure correct operation.
fish identification and classification;The processes which allow the identification and classification of fish.
determine eye disease progression;Determine the effects and progression of eye disease by applying specialised diagnostic and imaging techniques, such as ultrasonography and topography.
induce spawning of cultured aquaculture species;Induce spawning using appropriate techniques for specific cultured species of fish, molluscs, crustaceans or others. Determine sexual maturity of broodstock, using appropriate techniques as indicated for cultured species of fish, molluscs and crustaceans. Control broodstock sexual cycle. Use hormones to induce reproduction.
carry out calculations in hospitality;Make simple calculations regarding the cleaning of linen and uniforms.
signs of animal illness;Physical, behavioural and environmental signs of health and ill health in various animals.
take orders for special publications;Take orders from customers in search of special publications, magazines and books that cannot be found in regular bookstores or libraries at the time being.
customise project methodologies;Adapt a predefined project management methodology to the specific needs, size and type of a project and tailor the methodology to organisational needs, culture, processes and policies. Adjust specific parts of the methodology to reflect management needs such as process steps, the content of artefacts, the distribution of responsibilities amongst the various roles, the definition of decision thresholds for escalation and the risk tolerance.
bond rubber plies;Bond plies by insert the finished belt between the pressure rollers and rolling the belt onto the windup rack.
communicate on merchandise visual display;Communicate with appropriate staff in order to determine which types of merchandise should be featured on display.
demonstrate technical expertise of your dance style;Demonstrate, describe or correct movement with your participants to enable them learn about their body and the dance style one is delivering in the participants. Compose and structure dance with the participants in the chosen dance style. Communicate the creative and compositional skills and experience and their relevance to the target market.
advise customers on smart homes technology;Give advice to customers on the possibilities of installation of smart home technologies, given the requisites and the preconditions of the structure.
ensure functionality of airport lighting systems;Ensure that the airport lighting installations and lighting systems work properly by performing quality checks following the completion of maintenance, and by instructing staff on the diagnosis of flaws or breakdowns in airport lighting system. Keep and follow the airport light maintenance schedule to ensure service standards and perform routine checks according to the type of equipment, its location, and usage.
triage clients for physiotherapy;Triage clients for physiotherapy, prioritising their assessment and indicating where additional services are required.
analyse processes influencing health care delivery;Investigate the communication between healthcare practitioners and patients, observing psychological interventions to improve communication, adherence, preparation for stressful medical procedures, and other topics of interest.
estimate repair priority;Estimate the urgency of a certain repair or replacement, based on the severity of the defect, the importance of the damaged or worn element, any other planned repairs and the expected lifespan of the bridge.
work independently in service of a food production process;Work individually as an important element in service of a food production process. This function is executed individually with little or no supervision or collaboration with colleagues.
report on fuel distribution incidents;"Compose forms on the findings of pumping system temperature and water level checks etc.; produce reports detailing any problems or incidents that occurred."
coordinate oil well operations;Coordinate well operations such as shutdowns and major projects.
use polygonal modelling;Represent 3D models by using line segments to connect vertices in order to create polygonal mesh on surfaces.
transpose music;Transposing music into an alternate key while keeping the original tone structure.
develop policies on religion-related matters;Develop policies concerning religion-related matters such as religious freedom, the place of religion at school, promoting religious activities etc.
legislation procedure;The procedures involved in the making of laws and legislation, such as which organisations and individuals are involved, the process of how bills become laws, the proposal and reviewing process, and other steps in the legislation procedure.
manage treatment for HIV affected patients;Develop treatments for HIV and AIDS patients to increase their lifespan, working on the clinical aspect of HIV to help AIDS patients with their daily care.
communicate about youths well-being;Communicate about youths behaviour and welfare with parents, schools and other people in charge of the youths upbringing and education.
"manipulate sails on vessels;";Manipulate sails using ropes or other tools in order to control vessel direction and speed.
troubleshoot;Identify operating problems, decide what to do about it and report accordingly.
apply health psychological measures;Apply health psychological measures on persons of all ages and groups regarding health behavior, particularly with regard to health related risk behaviors such as diet, exercise, smoking, including advice in relation to the promotion and maintenance of health and the prevention of health risks, taking into account leisure and work.
foster relationships with various types of carrier;Establish relationships with various types of carriers e.g. trucking companies, air freighters and ocean liners.
scaffolding components;The different components of which scaffolding is constructed, their usage cases and limitations. Weight bearing properties of each component and how they are assembled.
optimise financial performance;Direct and coordinate the organisations financial operations and budget activities, in order to optimise financial performance.
document seismic research;Compose seismic related documents and work logs, by compiling charts and reports.
create rough cut;Deliver a programme/film following the first editing process. Indicate future improvements.
design props;Draw prop sketches and define prop materials and building methods
observe students progress;Follow up on students’ learning progress and assess their achievements and needs.
maintain photovoltaic systems;Perform maintenance tasks and repairs on systems which generate electrical energy through the conversion of light into electric currents, the photovoltaic effect. Ensure compliance with regulations, and correct installation of the photovoltaic power system.
advise customers on the preparation of beverages;Provide information and tips to customers related to the preparation of beverages such as cocktails and with advice on storage conditions.
research taxation procedures;Research the procedures which regulate taxation activities such as the procedures involved in the calculation of tax for organisations or individuals, the taxation handling and inspection process, and tax returns processes.
manipulate metal;Manipulate the properties, shape and size of metal.
carry out research on ground systems;"Conduct research on ground systems and hardware; research the fields of encryption, networking, and mass storage."
Arabic;The Arabic language.
manage well interaction;Understand and manage the process of different wells interacting with one another.
perform religious ceremonies;Perform the ritual acts and apply the traditional religious texts during ceremonial events, such as funerals, confirmation, baptism, birth rites and other religious ceremonies.
ship hull engineering;Understand the construction and engineering of the watertight body of ships where machines and engineering operations are carried out.
journalism;The activity of collecting, processing and presenting to and audience information related to current events, trends, and people, called the news.
security requirements of goods transported via pipelines;Know the security requirements and safety measures necessary to avoid accidents during the transportation of goods via pipelines. Ensure measures for the transport of oil and petroleum products, olefin, ammonia, CO2, hydrogen, and others.
clean oil processing units;"Clean interiors of oil processing units; circulate cleaning solvents and chemicals within."
escort students on a field trip;Accompany students on an educational trip outside the school environment and ensure their safety and cooperation.
manage staff;Manage employees and subordinates, working in a team or individually, to maximise their performance and contribution. Schedule their work and activities, give instructions, motivate and direct the workers to meet the company objectives. Monitor and measure how an employee undertakes their responsibilities and how well these activities are executed. Identify areas for improvement and make suggestions to achieve this. Lead a group of people to help them achieve goals and maintain an effective working relationship among staff.
supervise music groups;Direct music groups, individual musicians or complete orchestras at rehearsals and during live or studio performances, in order to improve the overall tonal and harmonic balance, dynamics, rhythm, and tempo.
physiology of balance;The characteristics and functions of the vestibular system, which is the responsible for body equilibrium.
protect personal data and privacy;Protect personal data and privacy in digital environments. Understand how to use and share personally identifiable information while being able to protect oneself and others from damages. Understand that digital services use a “Privacy policy” to inform how personal data is used.
train air force crew;Train a crew of air force personnel in activities specific to their duties, in air force regulations and operations, and ensure their welfare.
output electronic files;Load customer supplied electronic files onto the prepress file server, whilst checking them for completeness and potential problems. Communicate eventual problems with customers and production personnel.
health care occupation-specific ethics;The moral standards and procedures, ethical questions and obligations specific to occupations in a health care setting such as respect for human dignity, self-determination, informed consent and patient confidentiality.
install safety devices;Set up devices that protect individuals from harm and ensure occupational health, such as airbags and residual current devices.
train medical students;Inform and educate medical students on all aspects of clinical practice.
Iterative development;The iterative development model is a methodology to design software systems and applications.
feed mirror machine;Feed the glass silvering machine with mirror glass.
repair aircrafts body;Repair superficial damages on the body of the aircraft by using fiberglass and sealants.
advise on fertiliser and herbicide;Provide advice on types of fertilisers and herbicides, their usage and best time to apply them.
maintain hydraulic press;Tend hydraulic press to extract oil from seeds.
evaluate social work programs impact;Gather data to allow the assessment of the impact of a program on a community.
perform welding inspection;Inspect and assure the quality of welded metals using diverse testing techniques.
monitor well safety;Inspect the safety of an oil well on the drilling rig or drilling site, detect safety issues or potential risks.
understand written Catalan;Read and comprehend written texts in ?Catalan.
inspect compliance with hazardous waste regulations;Inspect an organisations or facilitys strategies which deal with the management of hazardous waste in order to ensure that their actions are compliant with relevant legislation and that measures are taken to improve protection from exposure, and ensure health and safety.
process data from railway control rooms;"Interpret data generated in control rooms in railway stations. Utilise gathered information to identify faults in mechanical equipment, schedule changes, and identify delays and incidents that may occur; provide solutions in the event of incidents and mitigate the impact on operations."
plants contribution to indoor climate and health conditions;The way different plants influence the indoor climate and what plants may cause allergy
environmental legislation in agriculture and forestry;Awareness on enviromental legislation, policies, principles relevant for agriculture and forestry. Awareness of the impact on the enviroment of local agricultural precedures and practices. Means to adjust the production to new enviromental regulations and policies.
business law;The field of law concerned with the trade and commerce activities of businesses and private persons and their legal interactions. This relates to numerous legal disciplines, including tax and employment law.
receive kitchen supplies;Accept the delivery of ordered kitchen supplies and make sure everything is included and in good condition.
handle tour contract details;Administer tour contract details in order to make sure that tourists receive all services included in the tour package.
spot metal imperfections;Observe and identify various kinds of imperfections in metal workpieces or finished products. Recognise the best fitted manner of fixing the problem, which could be caused by corrosion, rust, fractures, leaks, and other signs of wear.
redistribute wagered money;Pay winnings and collect losing bets as established by the rules and procedures of a specific game.
record healthcare users progress related to treatment;Record the healthcare users progress in response to treatment by observing, listening and measuring outcomes.
air traffic management;Thoroughly understand the major activities in air traffic management, such as air traffic control, air traffic flow management, and aeronautic information services.
pharmaceutical drug development;Drug manufacturing phases: pre-clinical phase (research and tests on animals), clinical phase (clinical trials on humans) and the sub-phases required to obtain as an end product a pharmaceutical drug.
apply extensive study of wine types;Study wine types from around the world and advise companies and people in the industry. Analyse the types of wine being sold in different countries.
sommelier activities;Types and brands of wine and their compatibility with food.
apply different roasting methods;Employ different methods to roast cocoa beans, such as oven roasting, air roasting, drum roasting, coffee roaster, and hot air gun. Use the different methods according to the production requirements, type of cocoa beans, and desired chocolate product.
improve timber stands;Participate in the planting or thinning of tree stands as a member of a crew. Collect and classify cones by species or condition.
design harmonious architecture;Design and develop constructions that keep the balance between nature and buildings. Ensure that the incorporation of buildings in a site preserves the harmony of the place.
check implementation security plan;Supervise the realisation of the aviation safety instructions.
monitor mixing in a live situation;Monitor mixing in a live audio situation, under own responsibility.
neuroanatomy;The different parts of the nervous system.
neuroanatomy of animals;The study of the central and peripheral nervous system of animals, including its components such as the fiber tracts and the visual, sensory, auditory and motor pathways.
check processing parameters;Check processing parameters to keep under control the technological processes.
keep up to date on professional dance practice;Keep up to date with practice advancements and apply them to your professional dance practice.
process booking;Execute a booking of a place according to clients requirement in advance and issue all appropriate documents.
maintain musical instruments;Check and maintain musical instruments.
build devices into props;Build mechanical or electrical devices into props.
perform body wrapping;Wrap customers with plastic, mud or thermal blankets for de-stressing, rebalancing, firming skin, detoxicating and reducing cellulite.
tend spark erosion machine;Monitor and operate a spark erosion machine according to regulations.
provide assistance to airport users;Support and assist various types of airport customers.
monitor forest health;Monitor forest health to make sure all necessary actions are taken by the forestry workers team.
understand spoken Dutch;Comprehend orally expressed Dutch.
use body language;Use and understand body language, gestures and other paralinguistic cues.
International Maritime Organisation conventions;The fundamental principles and requirements laid in the different conventions issued by the International Maritime Organisation.
visual presentation techniques;The visual representation and interaction techniques, such as histograms, scatter plots, surface plots, tree maps and parallel coordinate plots, that can be used to present abstract numerical and non-numerical data, in order to reinforce the human understanding of this information.
carry out equine dental procedures;Undertake equine dental procedures as appropriate for the horse and the agreed treatment plan. Specific interventions may vary in accordance with national and EU legislation.
hang chain hoists;Install chain hoists in building constructions.
draw up lighting plan;Create technical drawings and documentation within the lighting department.
refurbish facilities;ReNovate and modernise buildings and equipment which can include technical or decorative improvements such as replace lighting, install new flooring, refresh paint and other modifications.
pay-per-click;Internet advertising model where an advert is place in a website directing traffic to some other website. The publisher gets paid by every click on the banner.
ICT hardware specifications;The characteristics, uses and operations of various hardware products such as printers, screens, and laptops.
manage library users queries;Search library databases and standard reference materials, including online sources, to help users should they have questions.
evaluation methodologies in paramedic practice;Methodologies which allow the combination of theory and empirical evidence to develop and carry out effective paramedic practice.
tend deinking tank;Monitor the flow of waste paper and set up the controller of the tank in which the paper is mixed with water and heated to a high temperature. Skim the ink froth forming on the surface.
supervise unloading of cargo;Supervise unloading processes for equipment, cargo, goods and other items. Ensure that everything is handled and stored correctly in accordance with regulations and standards.
report on possible equipment hazards;Communicate hazard risks and malfunctioning equipment so that incidents are quickly dealt with.
investigate forgery cases;Investigate the illegal altering, copying or imitation of articles or goods (for example currency, public records or works of art) used for criminal purposes.
test power electronics;Test power electronics using appropriate equipment. Gather and analyse data on systems and components, such as analogue and digital circuit tolerance, power losses and overall efficiency as electricity works its way through circuits.  Monitor and evaluate system performance and take action if needed.
woodturning;Process of shaping wood on a lathe and its types, namely spindle turning and faceplate turning.
maintain hatchery equipment;Make minor repairs to hatchery equipment as required.
pharmacy law;The legal and other requirements associated with the pursuit of pharmacy activities.
assess the quality of sport competitions;Evaluate the quality of sport competitions and communicate judgements consistently.
advise on market strategies;Analyse information and recommend possible improvements, market strategies, and customer preferences in order to adapt the companys market approach.
transfer wax;Transfer the wax from the press into tanks by turning on the valves.
farrier industry;The manufacturers, suppliers and specificities of the farrier industry and its history with product identification.
prepare raw materials;Prepare and measure the basic materials that are needed to produce goods and finished products.
fasten wood reinforcing strips to vessel components;Use resin-saturated fiberglass to fasten wood reinforcing strips to boat decks and cabin structures.
prepare notices to airmen for airport terminal services;Prepare Notices to Airmen (NOTAMs) for the airport terminal services (ATS) in reference to the maintenance works and activities in the airport. Report on runway conditions, snow removal operations, the need to close runways, and significant interruptions due to maintenance works.
interview bank loanees;Perform interviews with candidates requesting a bank loan for different purposes. Pose questions in order to test the goodwill and the financial means of candidates for paying back the loan.
sculpt chocolate;Use moulds and pieces of chocolate to create three-dimensional artwork and decorate the piece with designs in chocolate.
finish costumes;Finish costumes by adding zippers, elastics, buttonholes, decorative stitching, jewellery, rosettes, and other decorations.
slaughter livestock following cultural practices;Slaughter livestock complying with religious and cultural practices.
inform of court sentence;Inform the involved parties as to what the official sentence is in a legal or court case, using the legal regulations and documents, to ensure that all parties are informed of the sentence.
comply with wildlife hazard management programmes;Ensure that animal hazard management programs are carried out appropriately. Consider the impact of wildlife on the performance of transport or industrial operations.
maintain quality of pool water;Continuously monitoring the color, temperature and cleanliness of the pool water and take any required action to ensure high standards of water quality in the pool.
respond to changing situations in fishery;Act decisive and in time to unexpected and rapidly changing situations in fishery.
manage multi frequency wireless signal distribution;Manage the set-up of wireless equipment for distribution of wireless control signals for performing art and event applications. Develop frequency plans, configure, test and monitor equipment and measures frequency spectrum. Ensure there is no interference between the different frequencies and channels and industry standard security for these devices.
use stone splitting techniques;Drill holes in a large stone and insert the plugs and feathers. Strike the plugs several times until a crack appears.
set up dates;Arrange dates for clients with people they have chosen themselves, people that were the result of match-making tests or people suggested by yourself.
provide tourism related information;Give customers relevant information about historical and cultural locations and events while conveying this information in an entertaining and informative manner.
manufacture man-made fibres;Perform the operation, monitoring and maintenance of machines and processes to manufacture man-made fibers, ensuring that the product meets the required specifications, keeping efficiency and productivity at high levels.
evaluate restoration procedures;Evaluate the outcome of conservation and restoration procedures. Evaluate the degree of risk, success of treatment or activity and communicate the results.
maintain turf and grass;Establish and maintain fine turf, grassed fields, and synthetic surfaces for sports events. Ensure a pleasant appearance of the property grounds.
interpret tarot cards;Give advice to a person or make future forecasts about their personal or professional life, based on the tarot cards that were picked.
adjust jewellery;Reshape, re-size and polish jewellery mountings. Customise jewellery according to customers wishes.
ensure compliance with noise standards;Make sure that buildings, roads, air traffic, and events comply with local, national or international noise standards and regulations in order to minimise nuisance for the neighbouring residents.
monitor sales area for security reasons;Observe the behaviour of customers in sales areas, in order to maintain order and security and spot potential risks.
maintain records of mining operations;Maintain records of mine production and development performance, including performance of machinery.
spiritualism;The belief or doctrine that the world is made up of two fundamental substances, matter and spirit, and that it is possible for the living to communicate with the spirits of the dead.
catch poultry on a farm;Handle and capture manually broilers, such as chickens, turkeys, ducks, geese, guinea fowl and quail. Ensure safety of animals during loading for transport.
maintain laboratory equipment;Clean laboratory glassware and other equipment after use and it for damage or corrosion in order to ensure its proper functioning.
maintain plastic machinery;Maintain machinery and equipment for making plastic goods, to ensure that it is clean and in safe, working order. Perform routine maintenance on equipment and adjust when necessary, using hand and power tools.
design musical events involving patients;Design and implement musical events involving patients in order to respond to their needs.
recommend pet food selection;Recommend and provide advice to customers on different types of pet foods in the store.
apply procedures to ensure cargo complies with customs regulations;"Apply the different procedures required to meet customs obligations when transporting goods across borders and arriving via ports/airports or any other logistics hub, such as producing written customs declarations. Apply different procedures for different types of goods, and ensure compliance with shipping regulations.;"
Ukrainian;The Ukrainian language.
prevent undesired changes to sound design;Adapt your maintenance of sound equipment to prevent undesired changes in the sound balance and design, safeguarding the overall production quality.
manage fitness goals;"Make up personal training programmes; set fitness goals for clients and work towards them; refer clients to a more suitable professional."
funding methods;The financial possibilities for funding projects such as the traditional ones, namely loans, venture capital, public or private grants up to alternative methods such as crowdfunding.
analyse cell cultures;Analyse cell cultures grown from tissue samples, performing also screening of the cervical smear to detect fertility issues.
operate manual planer;Operate a non-automatic or semi-automatic, manual planer for cutting workpiece surfaces, making them levelled.
keep inventory of goods in production;Keep inventory of goods whether they are goods in the front end (i.e. raw materials), intermediate, or back end (i.e. finished products). Count goods and store them for the following production and distribution activities.
inform on toilet facilities malfunctions;Report to the concerned services when the toilet is not functioning properly or when related equipment is broken and post out of order sign on the respective cubicles.
adapt to different weather conditions;Cope with regular exposure to extreme weather conditions and hazardous environments.
treat scalp conditions;Use specialised lotions, shampoos or equipment to treat scalp or hair problems such as hair loss, hair damage, dandruff or psoriasis.
develop information security strategy;Create company strategy related to the safety and security of information in order to maximise information integrity, availability and data privacy.
remove processed workpiece;Remove individual workpieces after processing, from the manufacturing machine or the machine tool. In case of a conveyor belt this involves quick, continuous movement.
attend to fitness clients under controlled health conditions;Recognise the standards and professional limitations when working with vulnerable clients. Monitor industry trends.
use equine dental equipment;Ensure that equine dental equipment is maintained to high standards, prepared and assembled ready for use, including personal protective equipment with the aim of minimising risk of transmission of animal diseases.
deliver group sessions on nutrition;Deliver information on good nutrition, healthy eating habits, and nutrition monitoring to groups.
printing on large scale machines;Methods, processes, and restrictions related to printing on machines that produce large quantities and sizes of graphic print materials.
instruct on the use of hearing aids;Instruct patients on how to use and maintain the prescribed hearing aids.
prepare travel packages;Make holiday and travel packages ready and arrange accommodation, logistics and transportation services such as chartered airplanes, taxis or rental cars for clients and additional services and excursions.
impact of geological factors on mining operations;Be aware of the impact of geological factors, such as faults and rock movements, on mining operations.
instruct animal owners;Instruct and provide advice to animal owners and carers to enable them to improve and maintain the welfare of the animal(s).
apply colour coats;Spray colour coats onto vehicle parts, operate painting equipment and leave freshly sprayed vehicles to dry in a temperature-controlled and dust-proof environment.
teach biology;Instruct students in the theory and practice of biology, more specifically in biochemistry, molecular biology, cellular biology, genetics, developmental biology, haematology, nanobiology, and zoology.
legal requirements for operating in the automotive retail sector;"Know existing regulations and legal requirements; ensure that all operations remain within legal boundaries."
fill nail holes in wood planks;Fill holes left by nails in wood planks with wood putty. Remove excess material with a plastic trowel or putty knife.
manage quality;Pursue excellence in workplace processes, products and activities.
cooperate with funeral directors;Make arrangements and work together with funeral directors who provide funeral services for people buried on the cemetery under your responsibility.
use digital device operating systems;Use the functions and tools provided by the operating system to access resources and run applications.
laboratory equipment;The tools and equipment used by scientists and other scientific professionals in a laboratory.
work with healthcare users under medication;Work with healthcare users who are using prescribed medications and other drugs.
craftsmanship;The techniques used to design handmade goods.
interpret extraction data;"Process and interpret extraction data and send feedback to the development teams; apply learnings to concrete operational activities."
advertise travel insurance;Promote and sell insurance that is intended to cover medical expenses, financial default of travel suppliers and other losses incurred while travelling, either within ones own country or internationally.
inspect glass sheet;Inspect the drawn sheets of glass in order to detect any flows such as blisters or stones, signalling the defective glass sheets.
cast jewellery metal;"Heat and melt jewellery materials; pour in moulds to cast jewellery models. Use jewellery-making material such as spanners, pliers or presses."
handle delivery of raw materials;Receive raw materials from the suppliers. Check their quality and accuracy and move them into the warehouse. Make sure that raw materials are adequately stored until they are required by the production department.
take over pedal control;Use an additional instructors brake, gas or clutch pedal, placed at the passenger seat in a vehicle, in order to overrule the driver’s pedals and take control.
provide protective equipment against infectious diseases;Make available to others personal protective equipment against infectious diseases such as masks, hand gels and gloves.
engage local communities in the management of natural protected areas;Build a relationship with the local community at the destination to minimise conflicts by supporting the economic growth of local tourism businesses and respecting local traditional practices.
develop military intelligence records;Analyse information and develop military intelligence records by putting multiple types of information with other sources of information in perspective.
set import export strategies;Develop and plan the strategies for import and export, according to the size of the company, the nature of its products, expertise and business conditions on the international markets.
anticipate foreseeable problems on the road;Anticipate problems on the road such as punctures, pursuit driving, understeering or, oversteering.
stay up-to-date with latest book releases;Stay informed about recently published book titles and releases by contemporary authors.
use thermal management;Provide thermal management solutions for product design, system development and electronic devices used to protect high power systems and applications in demanding environments. These can be eventually collaborated with customers or other engineers.
swimming styles;The different styles and techniques of swimming such as front crawl, breaststroke and backstroke.
sell floor and wall coverings;Sell rugs, curtains, linoleum samples and carpets in an attractive way, so that customers are incited to buy.
polish dental restorations;Maintain metal, gold and amalgam dental restorations by polishing in order to mitigate the effects of surface corrosion and maintain the esthetic appearance of the restoration according to the dentist`s directions and under the dentist`s supervision.
assess debtors financial situation;Assess the defaulters pecuniary circumstances by evaluating the personal income and expenses, and the balance sheet which includes the value of the house, bank account, car and other assets.
balance tyres;Measure the static and dynamic balance of tyres using sensors, bubble balancers and spin balancers, and adjust by fitting weights on the wheel to correct any unbalance and avoid vibrations, noise and ocillations.
manage cellar stocks;Ensure that cellar stocks are audited regularly. Deal with any issues in line with organisational procedures.
literary theory;The different genres of literature and the way they fit into specific scenes.
manage different departments in a hospitality establishment;Monitor and coordinate the departments in a hospitality establishment and maintain frequent communication with department supervisors.
fuel inventory methods;"Know various fuel inventory methods; know gauging procedures for fuel bladders using petroleum gauging stick."
install drop ceiling;Lay standard size ceiling tiles on prepared profiles separated from the original ceiling to leave space between the two.
dock operations;Know operations that take place in docks, primarily those concerned with the incoming and outgoing of cargo shipments. Know logistics activities relating to cranes, containers, and shipments.
digitise documents;Load analog documents by converting them into a digital format, using specialised hardware and software.
assemble sensors;Mount chips on a sensor substrate and attach them using soldering or wafer bumping techniques.
execute email marketing;Conceptualise and write targeted customer emails, manage customer emails for the brand email marketing programmes in order to ensure enhanced profit and improved customer communication and prospection.
leather physical testing;Set of tests that describe physical features of leather. They include the analysis of the performance characteristics of leather, such as resistance to bending, to friction, to tearing, etc.
ensure maintenance of kitchen equipment;Guarantee coordination and supervision of cleaning and maintenance of kitchen equipment.
measure parts of manufactured products;Operate measurement instruments to measure parts of manufactured objects. Take into consideration specifications of manufacturers to perform the measuring.
manage school budget;Conduct cost estimates and budget planning from an educational institution or school. Monitor the school budget, as well as costs and expenses. Report on the budget.
prepare cost-plus pricing models;Make up cost and pricing models on a regular basis by taking into account the cost of materials and supply chain, personnel and operating costs.
provide neuromusculoskeletal therapy;Provide neuromusculoskeletal therapy and care, which involves adjusting a patient`s spinal column and other joints, principally by hand.
execute flight plans;"Listen to the briefing given by the captain or the crew manager; understand service requirements and apply the commissioned tasks in an appropriate manner."
make set construction drawings;Visually describe the various pieces of the set in order to develop the plan and to share with others.
remove defective products;Remove defective materials from the production line.
apply footwear and leather goods quality control techniques;Apply quality control in footwear and leather goods. Analyse the material, component or model using relevant quality criteria. Compare the material and other components received from the suppliers, or the final product, to standards. Use visual observation and report findings. Control the quantity of leather in the warehouse. Submit components to laboratory control test when necessary. Define the corrective measures when called for.
manage vessel fleet;"Manage a vessel fleet owned by a company; know the exact fleet capacity, maintenance requirements and official licenses required/held."
undertake inspections;"Undertake safety inspections in areas of concern to identify and report potential hazards or security breaches; take measures to maximise safety standards."
manage pension funds;Manage the sums of money which individuals or organisations pay across a timespan of many years which will ensure they acquire many benefits in retirement. Ensure the amounts paid are correct and that detailed records are kept.
perform emergency street clean ups;Respond appropriately to emergency cases for cleaning streets after accidents, manifestations or heavy snow fall.
develop fish health and welfare management plans;Develop a plan which lists risks from outdoor factors, such as predators, and pests.
assess power needs;Prepare and manage the provision of electrical power for different areas.
liaise with educational support staff;Communicate with education management, such as the school principal and board members, and with the education support team such as the teaching assistant, school counsellor or academic advisor on issues relating the students well-being.
analyse scientific data;Collect and analyse scientific data resulting from research. Interpret these data according to certain standards and viewpoints in order to comment on it.
create online news content;Create and upload news content for e.g. websites, blogs and social media.
use lensometer;Use a lensometer to take measurements for clients who do not have a prescription in order to make eyeglasses and lenses.
advise on strengthening security;Provide information and guidance to clients on how to prevent security threats and incidents.
manage time in agricultural production;Plan and organise schedules in order to distribute and organise workload for agricultural production activities.
conduct cupping therapy;Perform cupping therapy by means of a local suction on a skin area with the aid of a glass.
use art in a therapeutic setting;Work creatively with various groups of patients in a therapeutic setting.
electroencephalography;The situations where electroencephalography or EEG is needed, the techniques that may need to be specified, the preparation the patient needs, and the way to use the results in diagnosis and patient follow-up.
perform product testing;Test processed workpieces or products for basic faults.
provide healthcare services to patients in general medical practice;In the exercise of the medical doctors profession, provide healthcare services to patients in order to assess, maintain and restore patients state of health.
supervise artefact movement;Oversee the transport and relocation of museum artefacts and ensure their security.
assess contamination;Analyse evidence of contamination. Advise on how to decontaminate.
perceive context when interpreting;Use situations and contexts to more fully grasp the meaning of what is said. Understanding the people involved and the situation, such as mood and setting, will allow for a more accurate interpretation because the interpreter will therefore be acquainted with the position of the speaker.
inter-professional communication in the psychosocial field;The characteristics, the means and communication channels used between professionals in the psycho-social field, the specialised terminology and type of support.
provide leadership;Lead and influence others to promote and contribute to policy development, advocacy, extending the boundaries and strategy at various levels.
operate grain cleaning machine;Start automatic cleaning machine that blows as well as sifts foreign particles, like dirt, twigs, and also stones from whole grain conveys clean grain to storage tank for further processing.
seal wires;Fasten and insulate electric or communications wires or cables.
create manufacturing guidelines;Draft procedures and guidelines to ensure that government and industry regulations are met by manufacturers in both international and domestic markets.
dip-coating process;The various steps in the process of dipping a workpiece in a coating material solution, including immersion, start-up, deposition, drainage, and, possibly, evaporation.
apply crisis intervention;Respond methodologically to a disruption or breakdown in the normal or usual function of a person, family, group or community.
food materials;Quality and range of raw materials, half finished products and end products of a specific food sector.
write Latin;Compose written texts in Latin.
assemble cameras;Mount the components present in the body of the camera, such as the shutter, mirror, flash bulb, image processor, display screen, battery, pentaprism, viewfinder, and image sensor, as well as the lens of the camera. Lenses are mechanically set into place using threaded retaining rings and the use of adhesive cement on the outer cylindrical edge to hold lenses in place.
monitor textile manufacturing developments;Keep up to date with recent developments in textile manufacturing and processing techniques and technologies.
update procedure instructions;Keep the procedural instructions of the airport up-to-date.
geographic information systems;The tools involved in geographical mapping and positioning, such as GPS (global positioning systems), GIS (geographical information systems), and RS (remote sensing).
use metalworking tools;Use the appropriate metalworking tools to manipulate metal objects or surfaces. Use adequate instruments to grind, smoothen or sharpen metals.
manage aircraft parking areas;Manage aircraft parking areas. Typically an airport has four different areas of aircraft parking: international aviation, domestic aviation, general aviation, and helicopters.
crafting;The ability to work with the hands in order to create something artistic.
advise on safety improvements;"Provide relevant recommendations following the conclusion of an investigation; ensure that recommendations are duly considered and where appropriate acted upon."
manufacturing processes;The steps required through which a material is transformed into a product, its development and full-scale manufacturing.
support distressed emergency callers;Provide emotional support and guidance to emergency callers, helping them to cope with the distressing situation.
design customised maps;Design maps taking into account the customers specifications and requirements.
e-procurement;The functioning and methods used to manage electronic purchases.
cameras;Types of cameras, such as single-lens reflex cameras and point-and-shoot cameras.
understand written Urdu;Read and comprehend written texts in Urdu.
conveyancing;The legal transfer of property from the owner to the buyer in order to ensure that the buyer knows about the restrictions and rights that come with the land.
apply tools for content development;Use specialised content development tools such as content and terminology management systems, translation memory systems, language checker and editors to generate, compile and transform content according to specified standards.
monitor work site;"Regularly ensure that working conditions on site meet health and safety requirements; ensure that the proposed work will not pose a threat to the physical integrity of others."
teach veterinary science;Instruct students in the theory and practice of veterinary science, more specifically in topics such as veterinary medicine, animal first aid, animal behaviour, animal anatomy, and animal diseases.
pellet standards;The standards for creating pellets in Europe, which regulate such characteristics as density, water content, and contents of the pellets.
make paper slurry;Create paper slurry or pulp from recycled or used paper with water in mixers and blenders or other equipment. Add colors by adding papers in different colors.
define security policies;Design and execute a written set of rules and policies that have the aim of securing an organisation concerning constraints on behaviour between stakeholders, protective mechanical constraints and data-access constraints.
smoothen rough jewel parts;Smoothen rough parts of pieces of jewellery using hand files and emery paper.
ensure that shipment contents correspond with shipping documentation;Ensure that the content of shipments corresponds with the respective shipping documentation.
plan inspections for prevention of sanitation violations;"Health inspection of retail shops and supermarkets; identification and prevention of sanitation violations and health risks."
maintain oil field machinery;"Disassemble, repair or replace oil field equipment such as steam engine components or boilers; use power tools and hand tools."
types of condiments;The wide range of spices or condiments from aromatic or pungent vegetable substances that are used to flavour food such as cloves, pepper, and cumin.
negotiate artistic productions;Negotiate the terms for artistic productions with the selected companies, keeping within the budgetary limits prepared by the business leadership.
manage fuelling system;Contribute to the operation of fuel system and oil transfer operations, including: preparations for fuelling and transfer operations, procedures for connecting and disconnecting fuelling and transfer hoses, procedures relating to incidents that may arise during fuelling or transferring operations, securing from fuelling and transfer operations, ability to correctly measure and report tank levels.
organic chemistry;The chemistry of compounds and substances containing carbon.
animal nutrition;Aspects of how different animal species are fed and provided water. Different types of animal food, the quality criteria for animal food and methods to feed and give water to animals.
monitor artistic activities;Monitor all the activities of an artistic organisation.
ophthalmology;Ophthalmology is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
concretise artistic concept;Guide the performers to combine various components of their work in order to add precision to the artistic concept.
control minor maintenance;Follow up on the maintenance and repairs to be carried out. Solve minor problems and pass harder problems on to the person responsible for maintenance.
hang wallpaper;Hang a pasted and soaked piece of wallpaper on the wall. Mark a straight line on the wall and hang the top piece of the paper. Unfold the rest of the paper and fix it as well. Work out any air bubbles with your fingertips or a brush and inspect the finished result.
secure cargo in stowage;"Secure cargo stowage with basic knowledge of stowing methods; ensure efficient and safe transport of goods."
cultivate plankton;Cultivate phytoplankton and microalgae. Cultivate live prey such as rotifers or Artemia with advanced techniques.
network with store owners;Build professional relationships with store owners. Try to make agreements with them about promoting their stores in return for a certain commission or fee.
apply statistical analysis techniques;Use models (descriptive or inferential statistics) and techniques (data mining or machine learning) for statistical analysis and ICT tools to analyse data, uncover correlations and forecast trends.
organise travel arrangements for staff;Plan all arrangements for business travels including preparing schedules and booking transportation, dinners and accommodation.
install insulation blocks;Install insulation materials shaped into blocks on the outside or inside of a structure. Attach the blocks using an adhesive and a mechanical fixing system.
maintain internal communication systems;Maintain an effective internal communication system among employees and department managers.
teach primary education class content;Instruct primary school students in the theory and practice of a variety of subjects, such as mathematics, languages, and nature studies, building the course content based on students existing knowledge and encouraging them to deepen their understanding on the subjects theyre interested in.
advise on economic development;Advise organisations and institutions on the factors and steps they could take which would promote and ensure economic stability and growth.
photography;Art and practice of creating aesthetically appealing images by recording light or electromagnetic radiation.
organise operations of residential care services;Plan and monitor the implementation of establishment procedures by operations staff, ensuring the proper and efficient operation of the facility for elderly care in relation to cleaning and laundry services, cooking and meals services and any other medical and nursing services required.
provide user documentation;Develop and organise the distribution of structured documents to assist people using a particular product or system, such as written or visual information about an application system and how to use it.
response to health emergencies;The methods for responding quickly to health emergencies in the workplace.
contribute to high level health strategic decisions;Contribute to decision-making at clinical, management and policy level, such as the allocation of health funds.
animal recovery procedures;Strategies for supporting animals recovering from anesthesia and/or specific veterinary medical or surgical procedures.
ensure security on ships;Conduct security taking into account the specific security and safety measures on passenger and commercial ships.
advise customers on audiovisual equipment;Recommend and provide customer advice on various brands and types of audio and video equipment, according to the customers personal preferences and needs.
maintain electrical equipment;Test electrical equipment for malfunctions. Take safety measures, company guidelines, and legislation concerning electrical equipment into account. Clean, repair and replace parts and connections as required.
immerse gemstones in chemical liquid;Use chemical solutions to identify the properties of gemstones.
do cloud refactoring;Optimize application to best use cloud services and features, migrate existing application code to run on cloud infrastructure.
consultation methods;Techniques used to facilitate clear and open communication and the provision of advice between individuals, communities or the government, such as discussion groups or one-on-one interviews.
public finance;The economic influence of the government, and the workings of government revenue and expenditures.
manage the reception of raw materials for animal feeds;Ensuring procurement and reception of raw materials, planning and execution of production, as well as the loading and dispatching of feed.
prepare wicker material for weaving;Apply preliminary treatment such as soaking to prepare the chosen materials and cut it to the right dimensions by means of drilling, heating, bending or other techniques.
examine cost of antiquarian goods;"Assess the price and value of second-hand or antiquarian items; purchase in order to resell."
liaise with book publishers;Establish working relationships with publishing companies and their sales representatives.
follow up the issued grants;Manage data and payments after the grants has been given out such as making sure that the grant recipient spends the money according to the terms laid out, verifying payment records or reviewing invoices.
check compatibility of materials;Make sure the materials are fit to be used together, and if there are any foreseeable interferences.
store contaminated materials;Package and store materials which pose risks to health and safety due to contamination, and awaiting disposal or treatment, in a manner compliant with safety regulations.
apply spot welding techniques;Apply and work with a variety of techniques in the process of welding metal workpieces under pressure exercised by electrodes, such as projection welding, radius style electrodes spot welding, eecentric electrodes spot welding, and others.
job market offers;Job opportunities available on the labour market, depending on the economic field concerned.
pre-stitching processes and techniques for footwear and leather goods;Technology including machinery and techniques for the preparation for leather goods components and footwear uppers.
facilitate physical activity in the community;Promote and deliver sport and physical activity in a community-based context, establish effective working relationships with key contacts in the community, deliver programmes and enable communities, through professional advice and expertise, to establish and sustain opportunities for participation and development.
supervise food in healthcare;Supervise the food, menus and meals provided in a health care setting to ensure compliance with health safety and hygienic standards.
identify financial resources;Estimate administrative and communication costs, artist fees according to existing applicable agreements, rental costs, and production costs.
answer patients questions;Respond in a friendly and professional manner to all inquiries from current or potential patients, and their families, of a healthcare establishment.
build predictive models;Create models to predict the probability of an outcome.
optics;The science that studies the elements and reaction of light.
record corporate property;Make an inventory of all of the companys possessions including intellectual property such as copyrights, trademarks, patents and trade secrets.
comply with operational standards for vessels;Make sure that the design and condition of the vessels are up to par for the operation.
assist amusement park visitors;Assist visitors entering or exiting rides, boats, or ski lifts.
preserve stocked items;Responsibility for preserving the companys stock items.
enforce park rules;Enforce environmental laws and rules related to forest management. Forest rangers enforce local, state and national regulations as applied to forest usage and wildlife conservation. They perform safety inspections on campsites and investigate complaints.
handle medical emergencies without doctor;Handle medical emergencies such as heart attacks, strokes, car accidents and burns when there is no doctor available.
identify sources on potential target communities for art;Identify relevant sources of information relating to a potential community you could work with.
develop chiropractic services;Develop a safe, effective and efficient quality chiropractic service.
analyse the scenography;Analyse the selection and distribution of material elements on a stage.
optomechanical components;Components that possess mechanical and optical features, such as optical mirrors, optical mounts, and optical fibre.
provide conservation advice;Formulating guidelines for object care, preservation and maintenance, and providing professional advice on possible restoration work to be done.
hold metal work piece in machine;Manually position and hold a, potentially heated, metal work piece for the machine to perform the necessary metalworking processes on it. Take the forming character of the machine into account in order to optimally place and maintain the processed work piece.
warm blooded animal organs;The difference between white and red organs of warm blooded animals and their position in the body. A white organ can be the stomach, red organs can be the heart, the liver, or the lungs. The norms to treat these organs properly.
design indicators for food waste reduction;Determine key performance indicators (KPI) for reducing food waste and managing in line with established standards. Oversee the evaluation of methods, equipment and costs for food waste prevention.
react to mining emergencies;Quickly respond to emergency calls. Provide appropriate assistance and direct first response team to incident scene.
accurise guns;Improve the accuracy of guns, by improving usability, tolerances, harmonics and projectile propulsion consistency and using techniques such as bedding, pressure bedding or free-floating.
advocate health;Advocate for health promotion, well-being and disease or injury prevention on behalf of clients and the profession to enhance community, public and population health.
enforce company values;implement and monitor the values and ethical principles of the company, throughout the chain stores under its supervision.
protective measures against the introduction of organisms;The national and international protective measures against the introduction of organisms, e.g. Council Directive 2000/29/EC, on protective measures against the introduction into the Community of organisms harmful to plants or plant products and against their spread within the Community.
perform a feasibility study on heat pumps;Perform the evaluation and assessment of the potential of a heat pump system. Realise a standardised study to determine costs and restrictions, and conduct research to support the process of decision making.
operate pill making machine;Operate machines to create pills for medicinal purposes.
design drainage well systems;Design systems which are found in residential properties as well as in public properties such as on streets and public building rooftops, and which function to drain excess water from these areas. They function to aid in flood remediation, remove rain, and minimise risk from heavy storms, and subsequently transport the untreated water into nature.
establish high standards of collections care;Establish and maintain high quality standards in collection care, from acquisition to conservation and display.
conservation techniques;The procedures, instruments, techniques, materials and chemicals used in conservation and archiving.
manage cash desk;Ensure compliance with company operating procedures and relevant legislation for cash desk activities. Apply the CCF policy and actively control debt management and recovery within agreed parameters.
measure effectiveness of the service provided;Use a problem-solving approach to develop and measure recommendations for improving the quality of professional practice in increasingly unpredictable contexts, contributing to change and development within the profession or service at a local, regional or national level.
evaluate information in the field of veterinary nursing;Be able to read, understand and utilise the most current research available to justify decisions based on best practice.
run a media server;Set up and run a media server.
transfer animal embryos;Implant embryos, under veterinary instruction, ensuring that the health status of both the embryo and the recipient is maintained at all times.
write English;Compose written texts in English.
manufacturing of wearing apparel;The  processes used to fabricate wearing apparel and the different technologies and machinery involved in the manufacturing processes.
write Slovak;Compose written texts in Slovak.
prepare saucier products for use in a dish;Make saucier products for use in a dish by cleaning, cutting or using other methods.
analyse chemical substances;Study and test chemical sustances to analyse their composition and characteristics.
ethical code of conduct of journalists;The principles and rules by which journalist must abide when covering news events, such as freedom of speech, the right to be heard, and objectiveness.
manufacturers instructions for electrical household appliances;The manufacturers instructions needed to install household devices such as washing machines, dishwashers, refrigerators etc.
arrange ordering of products for customers;Order products from suppliers after deciding on the required amount of stock needed.
practice dance moves;Study and practice dance moves required in artistic productions.
learn about customer service;Have the willingness and enthusiasm to attend trainings and learn techniques to improve customer service.
scoop capsules;Scoop the empty capsules into the loading hopper.
Japanese;The Japanese language.
carbonation techniques;The process of dissolving carbon dioxide in a liquid, usually under high pressure, the variety of carbonation techniques such as bottle conditioning (priming), spunding, krausening, and force carbonating. Use those techniques according to production requirements and level of carbonation demanded.
devise tailor-made tourism itineraries;Create custom-made itineraries, taking into account the specific needs and preferences of customers.
physico-chemical properties of hides and skins;The quality of hides and skins is defined by organoleptic, microbiological, histological and chemical characteristics (i.e. moisture, structure of the dermis, percentage of fat and collagen). Each type of hide/skin has specific physical and chemical properties that affect the type of tanning operations and the most suitable end use of the leather.
control trade commercial documentation;Monitor written records containing information related to commercial transactions such as invoice, letter of credit, order, shipping, certificate of origin.
diagnose problems of the visual system;Identify and diagnose problems of the visual system, such as those related to binocular vision, ocular motility, amblyopia or lazy eye, strabismus or squint, glaucoma, diabetic retinopathy, assessing the sensory state of the eye.
legal requirements in the social sector;The prescribed legislative and regulatory requirements in the social sector.
financial department processes;The different processes, duties, jargon, role in an organisation, and other specificities of the financial department within an organisation. Understanding of financial statements, investments, disclosing policies, etc.
tobacco manufacturing regulations;Laws, regulations and administrative provisions concerning the manufacture and presentation of tobacco and related products.
conduct land surveys;Conduct surveys to determine the location and features of natural and man-made structures, on surface level as well as underground and underwater. Operate electronic distance-measuring equipment and digital measuring instruments.
present arguments persuasively;Present arguments during a negotiation or debate, or in written form, in a persuasive manner in order to obtain the most support for the case the speaker or writer represents.
install press dies;Install and coat dies on presses by using handtools, bolts and clamps.
ensure safety of mobile electrical systems;Take the necessary precautions while providing temporary power distribution independently. Measure and power up an installation.
evaluate research activities;Review proposals, progress, impact and outcomes of peer researchers, including through open peer review.
publishing industry;Key stakeholders in the publishing industry. Acquisition, marketing and distribution of newspapers, books, magazines and other informative works, including electronic media.
calculate rates per hours;Make simple calculations regarding the money that should be earned in relation to the number of hours worked.
understand written Finnish;Read and comprehend written texts in Finnish.
provide advice to hatcheries;Provide recommendations for the installation and well functioning of hatcheries.
satisfy aesthetic requirements;Satisfy aesthetic requirements and create a design that is in line with what is expected of you in terms of visuals and artistry.
coordinate transportation;Scheduling of transportation operations.
transmission towers;Types of tall structures which are used in the transmission and distribution of electrical energy, and which support overhead power lines, such as high voltage AC and high voltage DC transmission towers. The different types of tower designs and materials used for its construction, and the types of currents.
buy advertising space;Analyse different advertising outlets in order to buy the most appropriate advertising space for the product or service such as newspapers, posters, and advertisements. Negotiate conditions, prices, and follow up on the delivery of the purchased deal.
perform quality control of design during a run;Control and ensure the quality of design results during a run.
machine learning;The principles, methods and algorithms of machine learning, a subfield of artificial intelligence. Common machine learning models such as supervised or unsupervised models, semi- supervised models and reinforcement learning models.
dispose of soldering waste;Collect and transport solder dross in special containers for hazardous waste.
CADD software;The computer-aided design and drafting (CADD) is the use of computer technology for design and design documentation. CAD software replaces manual drafting with an automated process.
operate waste incinerator;Operate a type of furnace which is used for the burning of waste, and which may facilitate energy recovery, compliant with regulations.
perform reconstructive plastic surgery;Surgically correct problems caused by traumatic injuries, infection and disease, congenital abnormalities, developmental abnormalities and cancer or tumours. Perform tumour removal, laceration repair, scar repair, hand surgery, breast reduction or mastectomy, etc.
liaise with relevant agencies involved in airfield management;Establish relationships with agencies such as air traffic control, civil engineers, and command posts to ensure support of airfield management activities.
manage conservation of natural and cultural heritage;Use revenue from tourism activities and donations to fund and preserve natural protected areas and intangible cultural heritage such as crafts, songs and stories of communities.
organisational policies;The policies to achieve set of goals and targets regarding the development and maintenance of an organisation.
vehicle electrical systems;Know vehicle electrical systems, including components such as the battery, starter, and alternator. The battery provides energy to the starter. The alternator provides the battery the energy it requires to power the vehicle. Understand the interplay of these components to resolve malfunctions.
develop alternative mining methods;"Develop new mine development methods and procedures to maximise mine performance; ensure compliance to company standards and industrial regulations and requirements."
inspect water wells;Examine water wells for pollution and conformity with construction standards. Order well closures if necessary.
analyse call performance trends;"Analyse call quality and performance trends; provide recommendations for future improvement."
animal evolution;The evolutionary history of animals and the development of species and their behaviour through domestication.
develop educational resources;Create and develop educational resources for visitors, school groups, families and special interest groups.
resolve shipment issues;Provide solutions and settlements for all issues related to product shipment.
write Azerbaijani;Compose written texts in Azerbaijani.
coordinate passengers;Meet with cruise ship passengers to help organise them for off-vessel excursions. Guide guests on excursions, such as sport fishing, hikes, and beachcombing. Assist with embarking and disembarking guests, staff, and crew.
maintain additive manufacturing systems;Perform preventive routine maintenance on the machines, including calibration of laser, measurement and sensing systems, cleaning build volumes and optical components.
military code;The code language used in specific intelligence or military organisations and operations, how to use and decipher them.
assist with litigation matters;Provide assistance with the management of litigation matters, including document collection and investigation.
write dock records;Write and manage dock records in which all information about ships entering and leaving docks is registered. Ensure the collection and reliability of the information displayed in records.
ensure information transparency;Ensure that required or requested information is provided clearly and completely, in a manner which does not explicitly withhold information, to the public or requesting parties.
ensure maintenance of fuel distribution facilities;"Implement regular maintenance and safety programmes relating to all aspects of fuel distribution facility operations; demonstrate expertise in spill clean-up procedures, prevention and control measures, repair of fuel terminal systems, and implementation of preventive maintenance on these systems."
record wood treatment information;Record information on wood treatment in the appropriate information system and report it to the correct person.
promote healthy fitness environment;Pursue and promote a clean and healthy fitness environment.
shape ornamental design;Form and shape decorative designs from a work piece of various materials, such as metal or wood, using hand tools or semi-automatic equipment.
protect vulnerable social service users;Intervene to provide physical, moral and psychological support to people in dangerous or difficult situations and to remove to a place of safety where appropriate.
provide nutrition to animals;Provide food and water to animals. This includes preparing food and water for animals and reporting any changes in the animal feeding or drinking habits.
master language rules;Master the techniques and practices of the languages to be translated. This includes both your own native language, as well as foreign languages. Be familiar with applicable standards and rules and identify the proper expressions and words to use.
assist in the movement of heavy loads;"Provide assistance in the relocation of heavy loads; set up and operate a rigging system of ropes and cables in order to move heavy cargo."
types of optical instruments;Possess information on the types of optical instruments and lenses, such as microscopes and telescopes, as well as on their mechanics, components, and characteristics.
yoga;The practice and principles of yoga, used as physical techniques to relax the body and mind.
remove filament composite workpiece from mandrel;After the filament has been wound onto the mandrel mould and cured enough, remove the mandrel if called for.
position cross slide of a lathe;Position, by turning a specific lever, the cross slide of a lathe machine perpendicularly, calculating the size of the workpiece and the type of lathe cutting tools used for ideal positioning.
tend mouldmaking machines;Tend and monitor machines designed for mouldmaking processes, such as mixers, belt conveyors, air conveyors, grabs, and others.
officiate civil partnerships;Interview couples in order to find out if they are legally able to form a civil partnership and complete the formal notices of intention.
perform underwater bridge inspection;Wade through a body of water to inspect the piles of a bridge. Put on the appropriate equipment, such as weights, and make sure to have an associate present for safety reasons.
perform financial analysis on price strategies;"Make up a thorough financial analysis for a business; monitor pricing actions and strategies."
record treated patients information;Record information accurately relating to the progress of the patient during therapy sessions.
position outriggers;Set scaffolding outriggers, diagonal braces which support the scaffolding. Set sole plates, digging into the soil if the plates must be set diagonally. Connect the braces to the main scaffolding structure.
maintain logbooks;Maintain the required logbooks according to practice and in established formats.
fit mechanised equipment;Fit mechanical equipment such as hoists and winches to various types of car chassis.
oversee the facilities services budget;Handle and control the expenditures and revenues from delivering the facilities management services and make sure the work is done within the foreseen budget.
Oracle Data Integrator;The computer program Oracle Data Integrator is a tool for integration of information from multiple applications, created and maintained by organisations, into one consistent and transparent data structure, developed by the software company Oracle.
mix grain according to recipe;Mixing grains according to recipe in order to get the desired product. The mixing can be done before or after dumping the whole grains into steel drums for fermentation.
direct amusement park clients;Guide visitors to rides, seats, and attractions.
evaluate own dance abilities;"Develop self-understanding of physical capabilities and limitations; select and implement accordingly: training needs, self care needs, selection of dance styles, etc."
operate jar mill;Operate the jar grinding mill in order to mix and produce lacquers making sure the parameters and specifications are according to formulas.
manage timber orders;Ensure that goods are in stock and accessible so that they can be dispatched. Identify any special loading or transportation requirements relating to the assembly of orders. Check and confirm any requirements to maintain the condition of the goods while the order is being assembled. Assemble the orders with the correct type and quantity of goods. Label orders following organisational procedures.
teach food science;Instruct students in the principles and theories of food science, the study of the physical, biological, and chemical makeup of food, and the underlying scientific concepts of food processing.
colours of roasted malt;Range of brewing materials capable of imparting flavour characteristics as well as controlling the colour of beer.
assist with vaccination procedures;Assist skilled professional with immersions and injection vaccination procedures.
alloys of precious metals;Types of material that consist of two or more metals or non-metals.
monitor goods movement;Ensure that all shipments are accurate and free of damage.
quality and cycle time optimisation;The most optimal rotation or cycle time and over-all quality of a tool or a machines processes.
fermentation process of tobacco leaves;Process by which ammonia is released from the leaf. It can be done by raising the temperature and humidity, by heaping the tobacco into large piles or by using of a kiln. Under the raised temperature and humidity, enzymes in the leaf cause fermentation.
design the insulation concept;Design the details of insulation and solutions for thermal bridges. Choose the most appropriate material for insulation, considering the needs of the building.
encourage teams for continuous improvement;Empower teams to identify opportunities for continuous improvement and then drive the process to improve the results.
advise customers on wood products;Advise others on the applicability, suitability, and limitations of wood products and wood based materials.
advise on building matters;Provide advice on building matters to the various parties involved in construction projects. Bring to their awareness important building considerations and consult on construction budgets.
evaluate education programmes;Evaluate ongoing training programmes and advise on potential optimisation.
answer emergency calls;Take calls from individuals who find themselves in life threating situations and who require assistance.
plan spa services;Direct diverse spa services and programs according to company or facility quality standards and guidelines.
gas consumption;The factors which are involved in the calculation and estimation of gas consumption in a residence or facility, and methods which can reduce the consumption of gas, or make it more efficient.
prepare chemical ingredients;Prepare the ingredients according to formula by measuring and weighting the chemical ingredients such as caustic, solvents, emulsions, peroxide.
special needs learning equipment;The materials used by a special needs teacher for training students with special educational needs in their classes, more specifically tools such as sensory equipment and equipment for stimulating motor skills.
wire harnesses;Assemblies of wires or cables that are bound together by cable ties, tape, or lacing, and are able to transfer signals or electricity. Through binding the wires together, the wires are better protected against damage, are more compact, and require less time to install.
teach speed reading;Educate students in the theory and practice of speed reading by teaching them speed reading techniques such as chunking and reducing or eliminating subvocalization and by practising these during the course.
set prices of menu items;Fix the prices of main course dishes and other items on the menu. Ensure that they remain affordable within the organisations budget.
set up advertising material;Prepare the urban furniture and fix the advertising material to it, following all safety precautions and working standards. Check the lighting and overall appearance and identify possible defects during the application procedure.
teach train driving principles;Provide on-site trainings to trainees on how to operate and drive trains. Instruct them in theories and techniques on matters such as control panels, security signs, security measures, and procedures in train stations.
edit dictated medical texts;Revise and edit dictated texts used for medical records purposes.
types of asphalt coverings;Different types of asphalt covering, based on their bitumen content and composition. The strengths, weaknesses, and price points of each type. Special properties such as porosity, resistance to skidding and noise characteristics.
switch tunnel boring machine modes;Monitor the process of switching the tunnel boring machine from boring mode to segment placement mode and vice versa.
operate electric embossing press;Use an electric embossing press, which can emboss thousands of documents one after another. They can also be adjusted to emboss from the top, side or bottom if needed.
recognise patients reaction to therapy;Respond to significant changes, patterns and dangers in the patients response to therapy.
remove wax from honeycombs;Remove the wax on honeycombs, which covers and fills in cells before centrifugation.
analyse call centre activities;Research data such as call time, waiting time for customers and review company targets to seek measures to improve service level and customer satisfaction.
obtain event permits;Obtain all permits that are legally necessary to organise an event or exhibition, e.g. by contacting the fire or health department. Make sure that food can be served safely and in accordance with all legal requirements.
inspect planed woodstock;Inspect planed woodstock to verify smoothness and thickness of the wood planks.
procurement lifecycle;The procurement lifecycle includes the various phases from planning and pre-publication to post-award and contract management.
advise on bridge replacement;Estimate the need for a bridge to be replaced and report to the responsible owner or institution.
hospitalised animal nursing care;Animal health conditions, disease processes, veterinary treatment and nursing care, as well as nursing care plans, records and communication with owners and other professionals.
create software design;Transpose a series of requirements into a clear and organised software design.
ICT quality policy;The quality policy of the organisation and its objectives, the acceptable level of quality and the techniques to measure it, its legal aspects and the duties of specific departments to ensure quality.
principles of distributed ledger technology;The distributed ledger theories, applied principles, architectures and systems, such as decentralization, consensus mechanisms, smart contracts, trust, etc.
use riverspeak to communicate;Use Riverspeak to communicate in technical and nautical terms.
train dental technician staff;Provide training to dental laboratory assistants and other dental technicians in the fabrication of dentures and other dental devices.
add elocution techniques to recording audio materials;Integrate elocution techniques for the improvement of audio material in terms of pronunciation, style, register, and grammatical correctness.
manage mine site data;Capture, record and validate spatial data for the mine site.
perform selective demolition;Demolish a structure, or part of it, using selective demolition. Identify the different materials in the building and assess their reusability and value. Remove any reusable materials without damaging them.
operate towtruck;Attach the vehicle to the towtruck. Ensure safe movement of the vehicle while driving the towtruck. De-attach the vehicle from the towtruck at the destination.
apply change management;Manage development within an organisation by anticipating changes and making managerial decisions to ensure that the members involved are as less disturbed as possible.
find new types of food and beverages;Use curiosity to explore new or less familiar types of food and beverages.
calculate costs for animal embryo transfer;Calculate costs related to the transfer of the animal embryo, such as shipping costs, animal boarding costs, and drug costs.
theatre pedagogy;Discipline combining theatrical means with educational elements in order to enforce learning, creativity and social awareness.
create SCORM packages;Develop educational packages for e-learning platforms using the Sharable Content Object Reference Model (SCORM) standard.
geothermal energy systems;Low temperature heating and high temperature cooling, generated by use of geothermal energy, and their contribution to energy performance.
use specialised design software;Developing new designs mastering specialised software.
business model;Understand the different ways in which companies generate revenues. Consider the sector, the dynamics of the industry, and the idiosyncrasy of the company.
provide early intervention therapy to infants;Identify infants and toddlers who suffer from developmental delays, or are at risk, and provide early intervention therapy.
banking activities;The broad and continuously growing banking activities and financial products managed by banks ranging from personal banking, corporate banking, investment banking, private banking, up to insurance, foreign exchange trading, commodity trading, trading in equities, futures and options trading.
cold chain;The temperature at which certain products are to be kept for consumption.
apply permanent make-up;Use needles to apply the pigment into the top layer of the skin in order to perform cosmetic tattooing on specific parts of the face such as the lips or the eyebrows.
blockchain openness;The different levels of openness of a blockchain, their differences, and their advantages and disadvantages. Examples are permissionless, permissioned, and hybrid blockchains
design drawings;Understand design drawings detailing the design of products, tools, and engineering systems.
biometrics;The science that statistically analyses human characteristics such as retina, voice or DNA for identification purposes.
observe abnormal fish behaviour;Observe, describe and monitor abnormal fish behaviour in respect of feeding, swimming, surfacing.
operate emergency equipment;Utilise emergency equipment and tools such as fire extinguishers, wheel chocks, pocket lamps, and warning signs.
engineering control theory;The interdisciplinary branch of engineering that deals with the behaviour of dynamical systems with inputs and how their behaviour is modified by feedback.
use software for data preservation;Utilise specialised applications and software to collect and preserve digital information.
repair vehicle electrical systems;Use appropriate tools, machinery, and equipment to solve problems related to components of the electrical system of vehicles, such as the battery, alternator, or starter.
operate laminating machine;Set up and start the lamination process, where a sheet of paper is inserted in a machine and slid through two rolls on metal bars (mandrels), where a plastic film is added. These processes also involve heating and gluing.
label foodstuffs;Uses adequate equipment to place label on food goods.
manage clients money matters;Pay the clients bills and make sure that all other financial matters are properly managed.
implement risk management in procurement;Identify the different types of risks in public procurement processes and apply mitigation measure and internal control and audit processes. Adopt a proactive approach to protect the interests of the organisation and the public good.
administer radiopharmaceuticals;Administer radioisotopes by several methods, depending on the type of drug and the test being performed, selecting the amount of the radioisotope and the form it will be used in.
contact scientists;Listen, reply, and establish a fluid communication relationship with scientists in order to extrapolate their findings and information into a varied array of applications including business and industry.
use computer-aided engineering systems;Use computer-aided engineering software to conduct stress analyses on engineering designs.
apply techniques for stacking goods into containers;Apply techniques required to stack materials into containers. Use techniques to maximise the space in containers.
observe celestial objects;Study the relative positions and movements of stars and planets, by using and interpreting data provided by specialised software and publications such as ephemeris.
manage ICT project;Plan, organize, control and document procedures and resources, such as human capital, equipment and mastery, in order to achieve specific goals and objectives related to ICT systems, services or products, within specific constraints, such as scope, time, quality and budget.
provide specialist pharmaceutical care;Provide specialised personalised support for patients who administer their own medication.
types of bedding materials;Different types of bedding materials used to stabilise structures such as pipe. The differences in performance, availability and cost of the materials and their suitability for the purpose, climate and other stresses.
operate maritime communication equipment;"Operate and maintain maritime communication devices; conduct periodic inspections of communication equipment."
use intense pulsed light technology;Make use of intense pulsed light technology to permanently remove hair, treat dermatological diseases or perform photorejuvenation.
safely interact with animals;Ensure a safe and humane interaction with the animal avoiding factors that will negatively affect their behaviours. This includes the use of humane training aids/equipment, as well as explaining their use to owners/keepers, to ensure they are used appropriately and the welfare of the animal is protected.
develop communications strategies;Manage or contribute to the conception and implementation of an organisations internal and external communications plans and presentation, including its online presence.
conduct forklift inspections;Conduct regular check-ups of the machine before using it to permit safe working conditions.
make surtitles;Translate lyrics for opera or theatre in order to accurately reflect in other languages the meaning and nuances of the artistic libretto.
assist people trapped in confined spaces;Assist people stuck in limited spaces such as lifts or amusement park attractions, explain the situation in a calm manner, give instructions as to the proper reaction and rescue them.
provide arts coaching sessions;Devise and deliver arts activities that enhance the performance of practitioners while protecting the health and safety of  participants to be able to draw out the most effective performance during competition.
communicate with media;Communicate professionally and present a positive image while exchanging with media or potential sponsors.
animal feed ingredients;Animal feed ingredients to determine the maximum level of undesirable substances (i.e. contaminants) in raw materials set by the European Union to prevent toxicity.
check wine quality;Control the quality of wines and report corked or spoiled wines and return them to suppliers.
interact verbally in Georgian;Communicate orally in Georgian.
viticulture;Understanding of vine growth and principles of viticulture.
attend castings;Go to castings in order to promote yourself and show your abilities.
pre-flight procedures for IFR flights;"Understand pre-flight duties while preparing an IFR flight; read and comprehend flight manual."
monitor the validity of ship certificates;Control and monitor validity of the ship’s certificate and other official documents to be carried on board.
interact verbally in Slovak;Communicate orally in Slovak.
plasma torches;The characteristics of various kinds of plasma torches, their qualities and applications.
family law;The legal rules that govern family-related disputes between individuals such as marriages, child adoption, civil unions, etc.
facial gymnastics;The methods and techniques that help working out the facial muscles.
interpret business information;Retrieve and analyse different kinds of information with regards to the management of a business in order to draw conclusions on projects, strategies, and developments.
perform physical stress tests on models;Perform tests on products models to analyse the ability of products to endure temperature, loads, motion, vibration and other factors.
politics;The method, process and study of influencing people, gaining control over a community or society, and the distribution of power within a community and between societies.
digital compositing;The process and software for digitally assembling multiple images to make one, final image.
interact verbally in Basque;Communicate orally in ?Basque.
chiropody;Medical practice dealing with disorders of the feet.
perform clinical research in radiography;Perform clinical research in the field of radiography, ranging from recruitment to trials through research studies, evaluating newer technologies and techniques as part of providing evidence based practice.
write Serbian;Compose written texts in Serbian.
assess telecommunication infrastructure issues;Evaluate problems in telecommunication infrastructure by using specialised methods, applications and tools to find weaknesses and stress points in a network and elements of the infrastructure regarding aspects such as electronics, power supply and temperature.
show consideration for students situation;Take students personal backgrounds into consideration when teaching, showing empathy and respect.
maintain relationship with suppliers;Build a lasting and meaningful relationship with suppliers and service providers in order to establish a positive, profitable and enduring collaboration, co-operation and contract negotiation.
JavaScript;The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in JavaScript.
history of chocolate;Origins of chocolate. Evolution of chocolate up to today. Preservation and fomentation of the tradition of chocolate.
editorial standards;The guidelines on how to deal with and report on privacy, children, and death according to impartiality, and other standards.
decision support systems;The ICT systems that can be used to support business or organisational decision making.
DB2;The computer program IBM DB2 is a tool for creating, updating and managing databases, developed by the software company IBM.
maintain core parts;Carry out minor repair tasks and maintenance of cores and core parts.
evaluate library materials;Evaluate materials to determine whether they are outdated and should be replaced, or they are unused and should be discarded.
select apples;Select ripe and unripe apples considering the quantity of starch in them to turn into sugar.
optimise choice of ICT solution;Select the appropriate solutions in the field of ICT while taking into account potential risks, benefits and overall impact.
report well results;"Document and share well results in a transparent way; communicate results to business partners, auditors, collaborating teams and internal management."
Microsoft Access;The computer program Access is a tool for creating, updating and managing databases, developed by the software company Microsoft.
stack goods;Stack goods and manufactured products into containers without special treatment or procedure.
make folding styles;Read the folding package or ticket information and decide on a folding style, adjusting the page to the width of the folding depth.
investigate mine accidents;"Conduct investigation of mining accidents; identify unsafe working conditions and develop measures for improvement."
cool candles in baths;Dip the candles or molds into a water bath in order to accelerate cooling and create a shinier surface.
participate in sport events;Participate in sport events or competitions according to established rules and regulations to apply technical, physical and mental abilities.
develop product policies;Create product policies oriented around customers.
utilise exercise environment;Make best use of the environment in which clients are exercising.
develop dried-on-vine raisin production systems;Design the infrastructure to support the development of dried-in-vine production systems, such as trellis.
understand budgetary limits;Understand the limits of the budget and determine what can realistically be accomplished during postproduction.
development economics;Development economics is the branch of economics that deals with processes of socio-economic and institutional change in low-income, transition, and high-income countries. It involves the study of several factors, including health, education, agriculture, governance, economic growth, financial inclusion, and gender inequality.
supervise loading of cargo;Supervise the process of loading equipment, cargo, goods and other Items. Ensure that all cargo is handled and stored properly in accordance with regulations and standards.
surgical asepsis;The way to keep equipment and surfaces sterile to prevent infections during medical care.
test for emotional patterns;Discern patterns in the emotions of individuals by using various tests in order to understand the causes of these emotions.
comply with legal regulations;Ensure you are properly informed of the legal regulations that govern a specific activity and adhere to its rules, policies and laws.
file documents;Create a filing system. Write a document catalogue. Label documents etc.
sophrology;The principles and techniques such as concentration, deep breathing, relaxation and visualisation designed to bring the consciousness in harmony with the body.
write voice-overs;Write voice-over commentary.
perform coffee tastings;Perform coffee tastings and coffee demonstrations whether for improving the product in the production process or for showcasing the final product. Taste coffee to objectively evaluate its quality.
write specifications;Write documents where the expected characteristics of a product or service are specified. Make sure all necessary properties of the product or service are covered. Balance the level of detail with the need for flexibility.
monitor environmental parameters;Check the impact of manufacturing machinery on the environment, analysing temperature levels, water quality and air pollution.
handle larval weaning process;Carry out actions to raise species, such as gradually shift the nutrition of babies from live prey to dry substances.
applied therapeutics related to medicines;Use of drugs and the method of their administration in the treatment of disease.
position tobacco products in machines;Position the tobacco products on the conveyor leading into the machine. Start the machine to place the brand or stamp on them. Take care that the quality of the product and the leaves are not damaged in the process.
apply thermite welding techniques;Weld using equipment that operates based on an exothermic reaction fuelled by thermite.
track shipments;Track and trace all shipment movements on a daily basis by utilising information from tracking systems and proactively notifying customers about the location of their shipments.
design web-based courses;Create web-based training and instruction courses using dynamic and static online tools to deliver learning outcomes to the audience of the course. Web tools used here can include streaming video and audio, live internet broadcasts, information portals, chatrooms and bulletin boards.
toys and games categories;Categories and age limits of games and toys.
evaluate marketing content;Revise, assess, align, and approves marketing material and content defined in the marketing plan. Evaluate written word, images, print or video advertisements, public speeches, and statements in accordance with the marketing objectives.
manage forests;Develop forestry management plans by applying business methods and forestry principles in order to efficiently manage forest resources.
European firearms-control legislation;The regulation regarding the acquisition and possession of weapons on a European Union level by means the Directive 91/477/EEC and the Directive 2008/51/EC.
grow cultures used in monitoring experiments;Grow cultures for use in monitoring experiments to make sure that correct laboratory quality control procedures are carried out.
herpetology;The field of zoology that studies amphibians and reptiles.
assist psychologist;Assist psychologists in their work. Provide assistance in their treatment of patients such as conducting tests, analysing the correct treatment and providing therapy. Assist in maintaining administrative records of patients.
imaging techniques;The principles, advantages, and disadvantages of various diagnostic and interventional imaging methods.
compile appraisal reports;Compile full reports of appraisals of properties, businesses, or other goods and services being appraised using all the data gathered during the appraisal and valuation process, such as financial history, ownership, and developments.
contribute to protecting individuals from harm;Use established processes and procedures to challenge and report dangerous, abusive, discriminatory or exploitative behaviour and practice, bringing any such behaviour to the attention of the employer or the appropriate authority.
assemble hardware components;Assemble the necessary hardware components, such as the motherboard, Central Processing Unit (CPU), hard drive, disk drive, power supply unit, RAM, PCI card, mouse, keyboard, cameras and other necessary components to build the computer device. Attach the components manually using screwdrivers or use assembly machines and install the wiring.
characteristics of faces;The various typologies and forms of faces in order to advise customers on the most suitable types of glasses.
monitor parameters compliance in construction projects;Monitors progress in construction sites and the compliance of various parameters outlined in the design phase such as quality, costs, timeline, and contractors responsibilities.
adapt to changes on a boat;Acclimate to a constant change in work and living environments on boats by adapting ones behaviour and perspective on various tasks and responsibilities.
assess breaches of licence agreements;Assess cases where the licence agreement is potentially breached by the licence holder in order to evaluate the nature of the breach, determine appropriate consequences such as the revoking of the licence or issuing a fine, and to ensure compliance with legislation.
analyse insurance needs;Gather information about the insurance needs of a client, and give information and advice about all possible insurance options.
set up photographic equipment;Choose the best position and orientation of the camera to capture the scene, along with other necessary equipment.
operate water purifying equipment;Operate and adjust equipment controls to purify and clarify water, process and treat wastewater, air and solids, recycle or discharge treated water, and generate power.
attend design meetings;Attend meetings to discuss the status of current projects and to be briefed on new projects.
evaluate outdoor activities;Identify and report problems and incidents according to outdoor programme safety national and local regulations.
organise transportation for clients;Make sure clients reach their destination by ordering a taxi, provide driving directions, book transportation tickets.
trade union regulations;The compilation of legal agreements and practices for operations of trade unions. Legal scope of trade unions in their quest of protecting the rights and minimum working standards of workers.
teach principles of architectural design;Instruct students in the theory and practice of architecture, more specifically in design principles, construction methods of buildings, architectural drawing, and architectural engineering.
procure hospitality products;Acquire goods or services from an outside external source.
integrate biogas energy in buildings;Design and calculate installations for heating and potable hot water (PWH) making use of biogas.
organise business documents;Put together documents coming from the photocopier, the mail, or the daily operations of businesses.
store wine;Keep in reserve various types of wine according to standards, regulating temperature, heating and air conditioning of storage facilities.
ensure the longevity of the fight actions;Transfer the work from one location to another when necessary. Ensure a video recording is made. Ensure that the integrity of the work is respected and that elements linked with the work are maintained (weapons, munition, etc.). Update a work when asked for.
community-based rehabilitation;The method of rehabilitation which involves the creation of social programs for the impaired or disabled persons to allow them integration into the community.
stack packaged items;Stack packaged items for transportation or storage. Anticipate the need for and utilise additional protective materials in stacking the products.
ICT accessibility standards;The recommendations for making ICT content and applications more accessible to a wider range of people, mostly with disabilities, such as blindness and low vision, deafness and hearing loss and cognitive limitations. It includes standards such as Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG).
advise on soil and water protection;Advise on methods to protect soil and water sources against pollution such as  nitrate leaching which is responsible for soil erosion.
manage revenue;Manage revenues, including deposit reconciliation, cash handling, and delivery of deposits to the bank.
perform dimensionality reduction;Reduce the number of variables or features for a dataset in machine learning algorithms through methods such as principal component analysis, matrix factorization, autoencoder methods, and others.
study musical scores;Study musical scores and develop various interpretations.
design heat pump installations;Design a heat pump system, including calculations of heat loss or transmission, needed capacity, mono- or bivalent, energy balances, and noise reduction.
split bricks;Use the appropriate tools to trim, split and shape bricks for use in walls. Use a masons hammer for occasional shaping, and a hammer and chisel for larger quantities or when the split has to be especially straight.
electrical engineering;Understand electrical engineering, a field of engineering that deals with the study and application of electricity, electronics, and electromagnetism.
practise veterinary professional codes of conduct;Adhere to veterinary professional codes of practice and legislation.
engage composers;Engage services of professional composers to write the score for a music piece.
liaise with union officials;Seek advice and collaborate with union officials responsible for topics that are relevant to ones work or business.
determine event objectives;Communicate with customers to determine the objectives and requirements for upcoming events such as meetings, conferences, and conventions.
maintain industrial equipment;Perform routine maintenance on industrial machinery and equipment to ensure that it is clean and in safe, working order.
zoo community;Zoo and aquarium community on a local, regional and global scale. Zoo membership associations, their guiding principles and how this might affect management of individual institutions within the wider community.
tend deburring machine;Tend a metalworking machine designed to remove excessive edges from a workpiece by applying deburring, abrasive machine processes, monitor and operate it according to regulations.
well testing operations;Testing procedures, such as volumetric flow testing and pressure testing, which describe the ability of the well to produce oil.
manage vessel engines and systems;Manage main engines (steam, gas or diesel), refrigeration systems, and any other equipment in the vessels engine system.
perform internal investigations;Seek advice and collaborate with union officials responsible for topics that are relevant to you and your business or your work.
lead managers of company departments;Collaborate and guide the managers of the departments of a company in terms of the objectives of the company, the actions, and expectations required from their managerial scope.
advise on drafting policies;Provide specific knowledge and relevant considerations (e.g. financial, legal, strategic) on matters which should be considered when drafting policies.
determine marketability of second-hand goods;Assess marketability of goods sold in a second-hand store, depending on factors such as the size of the shop.
medical device test procedures;The methods of testing the quality, accuracy, and performance of medical devices and their materials and components before, during, and after the building of the systems.
3D texturing;The process of applying a type of surface to a 3D image.
printed circuit boards testing methods;Printed circuit board (PCB) testing methods consist of those processes in which PCB components or systems are tested, such as the in-circuit test (ICT), joint test action group (JTAG) test, and automated optical inspection (AOI).
develop educational materials on art therapy;Develop educational materials to educate patients, families, staff, and public about art therapy.
control kiln firing;Control and monitor the kiln so that it fires ware (greenware or deorations) according to specified thickness and hardness.
analyse large-scale data in healthcare;Carry out large-scale data gathering such as questionnaire surveys, and analyse the obtained data.
prepare financial auditing reports;Compile information on audit findings of financial statements and financial management in order to prepare reports, point out improvement possibilities, and confirm governability.
casino policies;The policies and requirements that govern the activities of a casino.
bridge engineering;Thoroughly understand principles and characteristics of bridge management, bridge deck loading, bridge durability, steel and composite bridge design, long span bridges, etc.
transfer oil;"Prepare specific volumes of refined and unrefined materials for storage; transfer materials that require further processing."
analyse booking patterns;Study, understand and predict recurring patterns and behaviours in booking.
train operating procedures;The different practices, routines, and procedures regarding the safe operation of trains in order to prevent collisions, derailments, or unplanned exceeding of speed limits.
data warehouse;The data storage system that analyses and reports on data such as a data mart.
estimate harvest costs;Estimate harvest equipment needed, provide accurate harvest estimates and work within assigned budgets.
develop green compounding solutions;Develop compounding solutions that employ biological instead of synthetic ingredients. Evaluate the potential for vegetable oils, fillers and polymers and their recent advancements.
make photographic storyboards;Take photographs of potential locations. Create a photographic storyboard to show findings to producer and director.
organise stage;Making sure the scene elements like props and furniture are placed according to specifications, procuring the costumes and wigs and making sure everybody is ready in the right time and place.
cue a performance;Plan the technical actions and interventions during an artistic performance. Determine when actors go on and off stage. Make sure these cues are followed to ensure a smooth running of the performance.
implement relevant tactical skills to perform at the highest level in sport;Identify the tactical demands of your sport and work with the coaching and supporting team (e.g. coaches, physiotherapist, nutritionist, psychologist) to implement an adapted programme to achieve the targeted highest level performance.
plan fabric manufacturing process;Plan and optimise the operations, technologies, machineries for knitting, weaving, and spinning manufacturing processes according to the structures to be realised.
use signalling equipment;Utilise signalling equipment, like traffic signs or signalling lights, to regulate traffic or transport.
electromagnetism;The study of electromagnetic forces and the interaction between electric and magnetic fields. The interaction between electrically charged particles can create magnetic fields with a certain range or frequency and electricity can be produced by the changing of these magnetic fields.
promote the use of sustainable transport;Promote the use of sustainable transport to reduce the carbon footprint and noise and increase safety and efficiency of transport systems. Determine performance regarding the use of sustainable transport, set objectives for promoting the use of sustainable transport and propose environmentally friendly alternatives of transport.
monitor manufacturing quality standards;Monitor quality standards in manufacturing and finishing process.
manage payroll reports;Maintain personnel records as well as payroll reports. Record evaluations, promotions or disciplinary actions.
adjust clothes;Make small alterations to clothes, fitted to the customers needs.
ensure vessel security;Ensure that security requirements for vessels are met according to legal norms. Check if the security equipment is in place and operational. Communicate with marine engineers to ensure that the technical parts of the vessel functioning effectively and can perform as necessary for the upcoming journey.
assess risks of clients assets;Identify, evaluate and determine the actual and potential risks of your clients’ assets, considering confidentiality standards.
design pipelines with different coating solutions;Design pipelines envisioning different coating solutions in accordance with the goods intended for transportation. Design pipeline coating solutions following standards.
origin of dietary fats and oils;The distinction between dietary fats that come fromanimals and oils derived from vegetables.
ensure longevity of choreography;Update a work for a remount or transpose the work from one location to another. Ensure that a video recording is made, that the integrity of the work is respected and that elements associated with the work are preserved.
medical mycology;"The medical, biochemical and molecular studies of fungi; aspects of pathogenesis, immunology and epidemiology, clinical and laboratory approaches to diagnosis, antifungal therapy and prophylaxis and the mode of action, pharmacokinetics and assessment of new antifungal agents."
manage cash flow;Take bets, pay out winnings and manage the cash flow.
record license plates of violators;Write down license numbers of vehicles of drivers who disregard traffic lights who violate traffic laws in any way. Report the infractions to the appropriate authorities.
empathise with the womans family during and after pregnancy;Demonstrate empathy with women and their families during pregancy, childbirth labour and in the post partum period.
coordinate redecoration of hospitality establishment;Lead redecoration of hospitality establishment by staying up to date with trends in decoration, fabrics and textiles and implementing necessary changes in order to meet changing desires and expectations.
safely instruct about fitness;Provide safe and effective fitness instruction.
clinical biochemistry;The various types of tests performed on bodily fluids such as electrolytes, renal function tests, liver function tests or minerals.
develop visitor engagement strategies;Working with others, develop visitor engagement strategies to ensure stability, or growth, in visitor numbers and encourage visitor satisfaction.
train security officers;Instruct, train and further educate security officers.
mechanical clocks;Clocks and watches that use a mechanical mechanism to measure the passing of time.
avoid tear-out in woodworking;Use techniques to prevent the fibres of wood materials from tearing away, which produces a highly damaged looking surface, thus greatly reducing the value of the specific product.
contain fires;Take the appropriate measures to prevent fires from spreading.
offer cosmetic beauty advice;Provide customers with advice and beauty tips for creating a new look.
XQuery;The computer language XQuery is a query language for retrieval of information from a database and of documents containing the needed information. It is developed by the international standards organisation World Wide Web Consortium.
food safety principles;Scientific background of food safety which includes preparation, handling, and storage of food to minimise the risk of foodborne illness and other health hazards.
use authentic crafting techniques;Restore old objects by means of the tools and techniques that were originally used in their production process.
report misfires;Report misfires to relevant parties, such as the mine shift coordinator, legal inspection personnel, and the explosives manufacturer.
monitor excavated material;Monitor the excavated material to determine the type and structure of the material and decide on any actions to be taken.
use personality tests;Develop and use personality tests to get information from your clients about their character, interests and ambitions. Use these tests to create a profile of your clients.
advise customers on clocks;Provide customers with detailed advice on clocks. Explain about different brands and models and their characteristics and features.
test electrical equipment;Test electrical systems, machines, and components and check electrical properties, such as voltage, current, resistance, capacitance, and inductance, using electrical testing and measuring equipment, such as a multimeter. Gather and analyse data. Monitor and evaluate system performance and take action if needed.
advise on funeral services;Provide relatives of the deceased person with information and advice on ceremonial, burial and cremation services.
perform environmental investigations;Perform environmental investigations as required, checking regulatory proceedings, possible legal actions or other types of complaint.
cast concrete sections;Cast tops and bottoms or other electrolytic cells concrete sections using power tools.
perform system analysis;Execute system analyses and calculate to what extent changes could affect outcomes.
teach ESOL language class;Provide English as a second language instruction to students who do not have literacy difficulties in their native language. Observe and follow closely their education progress and assess their abilities in the English language.
describe your artistic aspirations in relation to artistic trends;Identify your areas of interest and ambitions. Relate them to artistic trends.
community medicine;Community medicine is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
bakery ingredients;The raw materials and other ingredients used in baked goods.
injection moulding machine parts;Parts of the machine that melts and injects molten plastic into moulds such as the hopper, the reciprocating screw, the injection barrel and the injection cylinder.
maintain service record book;Maintain service record book, in which data related to the on-board time, activities, signatures of skippers, and other details are recorded.
study prices of wood products;Be aware of current market studies and forecasts concerning supply, demand, trade and prices of wood and related products.
maintain incident reporting records;Keep a system for recording details of unusual events that occur at the facility, such as job-related injuries.
components of oil seeds;Chemical constituents of oil seeds, hull content, oil content and the effect of planting and harvesting at the right time for oil extraction.
design ICT hardware placement;Describe and plan how cables and related hardware items will be placed throughout the building.
attach clockwork;Install clockwork or module in clocks or watches. The clockwork includes all mechanisms, movements, motors, and wheel work present in clocks and watches. In mechanical timepieces, in which clockwork movements are made of several moving parts, the clockwork is called caliber or clock movement. In electronic or quartz timepieces, the term module is more commonly applied.
collect mail;Empty the letter box on a regular basis, organising it on importance and deal with urgent mail.
solve bank account problems;Solve bank account problems and issues of customers in the banking sector such as deblocking a bank card.
test leather chemistry;Set of tests that describe chemical features of leather. They include pH and content of specific substances.
examine animals;Examine animals in case thay are  injured, sick, or having a disease. Check up on physical characteristics, such as rate of weight gain.
provide information on study programmes;Provide information on the different lessons and fields of study offered by educational institutions such as universities and secondary schools, as well as the study requirements and employment prospects.
weigh raw materials at reception;Perform weighing procedures to estimate the quantity of the raw materials. Record the weight accurately and care for minimising any losses of raw materials.
plan youth programmes;Deliver programmes for young people related to topics such as health, fitness, smoking, drugs, gangs, violence, bullying and relationships.
perform therapeutic musical repertoire;Perform appropriate undergraduate repertoire in music therapy sessions, according to the needs of the patient.
client-centred counselling;Practice that encourages clients to concentrate on how they feel at the present moment during the counseling session in order to search for the most appropriate solutions.
reiki;The alternative medicine technique based on the belief that universal energy is transmitted to the patient through the palms of the practitioner.
manage packaging material;Managing all packaging materials be they primary (wrapping, cans, bottles) or secondary (cartons, crates, pallets).
footwear industry;Major brands, manufacturers and products available on the footwear market including the different types of shoes, components and materials used.
ICT security standards;The standards regarding ICT security such as ISO and the techniques required to ensure compliance of the organisation with them.
advise on livestock disease control;Advise livestock owners of economic aspects of disease eradication. Advise consumers of public health implications of diseases transmissible from animals to humans.
childrens physical development;Recognise and describe the development, observing the following criteria: weight, length, and head size, nutritional requirements, renal function, hormonal influences on development, response to stress, and infection.
share through digital technologies;Share data, information and digital content with others through appropriate digital technologies. Act as an intermediary, know about referencing and attribution practices.
monitor staff absences;Keep an overview of the employeess vacations, sick leaves and absences, register these in the agenda and file the necessary documents and certificates.
inland waterway police regulations;Understand waterway rules, legal requirements, and relevant police regulations. Handle and maintain buoys, marking systems, and day and night signs.
manage artworks transportation;Arrange transportation of art pieces between different galleries, on a national as well as an international level.
clothing sizes;Sizes of clothing items in order to make appropriate suggestions to customers.
provide feedback on job performance;"Provide feedback to employees on their professional and social behaviour in the work environment; discuss results of their work."
install windshields;Install replacement glass in motor vehicles by using hand and power tools.
liaise with financiers;Liaise with people willing to finance the project. Negotiate deals and contracts.
Perl;The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in Perl.
understand game species;Understan biology and ecology of relevant game specieis including game birds, deer, and fisheries.
maintain chiropractic equipment;Maintain the chiropractic professional equipment, supplied and professional spaces in the unit/office, making sure that it is kept in good working condition to support chiropractic services and maintained regularly as required by national legislative regulations.
apply development process to footwear design;Understand the needs of the consumer and analyse the fashion trends. Innovate and develop the footwear concepts from an aesthetic, functional and technological point of view by using a wide range of methods and techniques, selecting materials, components and suitable technologies, adapting new concepts to manufacturing requirements and transforming the new ideas into marketable and sustainable products for mass or customised production. Communicate visually the new designs and ideas.
provide a psychotherapeutic environment;Create and maintain a suitable environment for the psychotherapy to take place, making sure the space is safe, welcoming, consistent with the ethos of the psychotherapy, and meeting the needs of the patients as far as possible.
communicate during show;Communicate efficiently with other professionals during a live performance show, anticipating any possible malfunctioning.
crush seeds;Crush seeds by passing the seeds or kernels between steel rollers.
issue licences;Issue official documentation which grants licence holders with official permission to perform certain activities, after having investigated the application and processed the necessary documentation.
create scenery display;Create a scenery display that represents the natural environment of the displayed product.
provide online help;Provide  support information  to users delivered through an ICT system to give assistance or present information either on a broad range of subjects or for a specific topic or product.
mine safety legislation;The laws, regulations and codes of practice relevant to safety in mining operations.
blood transfusion;The procedures involved in blood transfusions, including compatibility and disease testing, by means of which blood is transferred into blood vessels, taken from donors with the same blood type.
restore natural environment after drilling proofs;Restore drilling site to its natural environmental condition in the event that drilling will not take place.
test ground system performance;"Develop test strategies for complex software and hardware products; include troubleshooting and system support; calculate system performance."
operate heavy construction machinery without supervision;Work with heavy construction machinery independently without the intervention of a supervisor. Take responsibility for your decisions and actions.
write Hebrew;Compose written texts in Hebrew.
analyse business objectives;Study data according to business strategies and objectives and make both short-term and long-term strategic plans.
psychomotor therapy;Psychomotor observation and therapy in adults, children and persons with an intellectual disability meant to tackle the psychiatric problems of a person.
create advocacy material;Design compelling content such as blog posts, messaging or social media campaigns in order to influence political, economic or social decisions.
stay up-to-date with vehicle trends;Gather information about the current trends and styles of vehicles, and the need for new products or services.
exercise self-reflection;Effectively, regularly and systematically reflect on own actions, performance, and attitudes, and make necessary adjustments, seeking professional development opportunities to plug knowledge and practice gaps in identified areas.
develop methodologies for supplier evaluation;Help define and update a methodology for assessing key suppliers according to potential incidents, delivery times, and reliability.
adapt artistic plan to location;Adjust plans to other locations with regards to the artistic concept.
condition broodstock;Incubate eggs until hatching. Assess quality of eggs. Inspect fish eggs. Remove dead, unviable, and off-colour eggs using a suction syringe. Produce eyed eggs. Hatch and maintain new-born larvae.
apply machine cutting techniques for footwear and leather goods;Adjust and establish the machine technical operating parameters for cutting footwear and leather goods. Check and select the cutting dies, classification of the cut pieces against cutting restrictions, specifications and quality requirements. Check and complete the cutting orders. Perform simple procedures for maintenance of machines.
islamic studies;The studies dealing with the Islamic religion, its history and texts, and the study of the theological interpretation of the Islam.
distribute control signals;Distribute control signals between light boards, dimmers and other lighting equipment. Control systems can be either DMX or network based.
perform image guidance in radiation therapy;Perform image guidance in accordance with the protocol to improve the precision and accuracy of the delivery of the radiation treatment.
prepare lifeboats;Prepare lifeboats in ships before departure, ensure full functionality in case of emergency, follow regulatory instructions for lifesaving boats.
vessel fuels;Know and understand characteristics of fuels and lubricants, and the fuel loading specifications of various types of vessels.
rack wines;Rack wines by siphoning the wine off of sediments that settle out to the bottom of vessels such as carboy. Operate machinery needed to effectuate the process of racking.
direct movement experiences;Assist clients or patients in moving in a structured or improvisatory manner for expressive purposes.
adapt lifestyle for sports performance;Plan and manage effectively sporting commitments (e.g. time for training, competition) versus leisure time to create the conditions to perform as a player/athlete at the highest sport level.
oversee logistics of finished products;Ensure that the processes of packing, storage and shipment of finished products meet the requirements.
waste management;The methods, materials and regulations used to collect, transport, treat and dispose of waste. This includes recycling and monitoring of waste disposal.
work in a forestry team;Collaborate with other forest workers in a team in service of forestry or forest related operations.
dispose of hazardous waste;Dispose of dangerous materials such as chemical or radioactive substances according to environmental and to health and safety regulations.
develop chiropractic treatment plans;Develop new chiropractic treatment plan and review the existing components such as chiropractic manual therapy, manual therapy of soft tissue and other tissue, therapeutic range of motion, therapeutic rehabilitative exercise and the application of technological equipment (ultrasound, traction, electrical and light modalities).
player logic;The strategies and logic adapted by lottery, betting or gaming players.
micromechatronic engineering;Cross-disciplinary engineering which focuses on the miniaturisation of mechatronic systems.
develop preventive maintenance procedures for instruments;Develop and upgrade preventive maintenance procedures for components, equipment or systems.
plan musical performances;Schedule rehearsals and music performances, arrange details such as locations, select accompanists and instrumentalists.
advise on property value;Provide advise to those that own a property, professionals in real estate, or prospective clients in real estate on the current monetary value of a property, the potential of development in order to increase the value, and other relevant information concerning the value of the in the future developments of the real estate market.
assess environmental impact in aquaculture operations;Measure the environmental impact of a companys aquaculture operations. Take into account factors such as quality of the sea and surface water, fish and sea plant habitats and risks regarding the quality of air, odour and noise.
supervise the work of staff on different shifts;Oversee the activities of the employees working in shifts in order to ensure continuous operations.
animal food products;The principles of traceability, hygiene and processes involved in the production, manufacture, storage and putting into circulation of animal feedstuffs, or foodstuffs of animal origin intended for human and/or animal consumption.
electric bicycles;Type of bicycle that functions with an integrated electric motor that assists the riders pedal-power.
write Berber;Compose written texts in Berber.
provide door security;Spot and monitor individuals or groups of people at the door who intend to enter the premises unlawfully or have potential for causing threats.
demonstrate disciplinary expertise;Demonstrate deep knowledge and complex understanding of a specific research area, including responsible research, research ethics and scientific integrity principles, privacy and GDPR requirements, related to research activities within a specific discipline.
use consulting techniques;Advise clients in different personal or professional matters.
inform on safety standards;Inform managers and staff regarding workplace health and safety standards,,especially in the case of dangerous environments, such as in the construction or mining industry.
apply extruding techniques;Apply specific techniques for extrusion process in the food industry.
detect flaws in pipeline infrastructure;Detect flaws in pipeline infrastructure during construction or over the passage of time. Detect flaws such as construction defects, corrosion, ground movement, hot-tap made by error, and others.
follow newspaper house style;Produce concise and accurate copy according to newspapers house style and to strict deadlines - daily newspapers may have several each day.
advise on plant fertilizer;Discuss and recommend different types of fertilisers, and explain when and how they should be prepared and applied.
treat swallowing disorders;Work with patients to develop and strengthen the muscles used to swallow.
use different communication channels;Make use of various types of communication channels such as verbal, handwritten, digital and telephonic communication with the purpose of constructing and sharing ideas or information.
set up aquaculture cage mooring system;Set up aquaculture cage mooring system in accordance with plans.
assemble electrical components;Assemble switches, electrical controls, circuit boards and other electrical components by using hand and soldering equipment.
law enforcement;The different organisations involved in law enforcement, as well as the laws and regulations in law enforcement procedures.
write Vietnamese;Compose written texts in Vietnamese.
inspect fish eggs;Inspect fish eggs. Remove dead, unviable, and off-colour eggs using a suction syringe.
develop new bakery products;Invent new bakery products to be developed, taking customer demands and suggestions into account.
provide an enriching environment for animals;Provide an enriching environment for animals to allow the expression of natural behaviour, and including adjusting environmental conditions, delivering feeding and puzzle exercises, and implementing manipulation, social, and training activities.
collect real-time geolocation information;Use tools, techniques, and procedures to remotely exploit and establish persistence on a target. Provide real-time, actionable geolocation information utilizing target infrastructures. 
use pipeline video equipment;Handle movable video cameras which visually inspect sewerage systems and pipelines. This camera is attached via a long cable entwined upon a winch. Analyse the footage to see if any repair or maintenance is needed.
determine release date;Determine the best date or period to release a movie or series.
weigh materials;Weigh materials and products, record weight and other relevant data on tags or labels.
provide ICT system training;Plan and conduct training of staff on system and network issues. Utilise training material, evaluate and report on the learning progress of trainees.
develop visual elements;Imagine and apply visual elements such as line, space, colour, and mass to express emotions or ideas.
side effects of radiotherapy treatment;The side effects and responses that patients can have after undergoing radiotherapy treatments.
protect important clients;Keep clients safe who have extraordinary level of risk by organising and providing the relevant security.
conduct quality control analysis;Conduct inspections and tests of services, processes, or products to evaluate quality.
ensure animal welfare in slaughtering practices;Respect the needs of livestock and apply the regulations regarding animal welfare in the meat and meat products manufacturing sector. Respond correctly to animal issues from unloading until stunning of the animals.
train reception staff;Instruct the reception staff in order to make sure the staff can execute their tasks adequately, efficiently and according to guidelines.
monitor the transfer of oil;Ensure that no oil is spilled or leaked while being transferred into the lightering vessel. Oversee the connection of hoses and the manoeuvring of the vessels when the operation is completed.
install roof windows;Install various types of windows on the roof such as skylight, dormer windows and flat roof windows.
metal polishing machine parts;The various parts, their qualities and applications, of a metalworking machine designed for buffing and polishing metal surfaces, such as the brush head, contact roller head, drum, drum base, lock bar, shell, and others.
perform ground maintenance activities;Clean building grounds of rubbish, glass or any other trash, mow grass or trim bushes.
monitor quality of broadcasts;Monitor strength, clarity, and reliability of incoming and outgoing signals to adjust equipment as necessary to maintain the quality of the broadcast.
manage business knowledge;Set up structures and distribution policies to enable or improve information exploitation using appropriate tools to extract, create and expand business mastery.
printing techniques;The techniques and processes to reproduce text and images using a master form or template such as letterpress printing, gravure, and laser printing.
perform technical sound check;Prepare and run a technical sound check before rehearsals or live shows. Check instrument setup and ensure correct functioning of the audio equipment. Anticipate possible technical problems during a live show.
enable access to services;Enable access to the different services which may be available to people with precarious legal status such as immigrants and offenders on probation in order to secure their inclusion in a facility or program, and communicate with the service providers to explain the situation and convince them of the advantages of including the individual.
anticipate transport demand;Communicate with city services and event organisations to anticipate increases in the demand for transportation in order to maintain customer service standards and avoid disruptions.
textile materials;Have a good understanding of the properties of different textile materials.
sustainable forest management;The stewardship and use of forest lands in a way and at a rate that maintains their productivity, biodiversity, regeneration capacity, vitality and their potential to fulfil now and in the future relevant ecological, economic and social functions at local, national and global levels and that does not cause damage to other ecosystems.
decide on loan applications;Take into account the risk assessment and analysis and perform the final reviewing of the loan application in order to approve or deny the loan, and set in motion the necessary procedures following the decision.
industrial software;The selection of software that aids in estimating, managing and scheduling industrial processes such as design, work flow and production improvement.
examine cell specimens microscopically;Prepare and put the cell specimens received for examination on slides, stain and mark cellular changes and abnormalities.
share good practices across subsidiaries;Investigate and document good practices and knowledge rendering a superior productivity in order to spread it in other departments or subsidiaries of the organisation.
develop professional identity in social work;Strive to provide the appropriate services to social work clients while staying within a professional framework, understanding what the work means in relation to other professionals and taking into account the specific needs of your clients.
analyse fish samples for diagnosis;Analyse samples or lesions from farmed aquatic species for professional diagnosis and treatments.
perform data mining;Explore large datasets to reveal patterns using statistics, database systems or artificial intelligence and present the information in a comprehensible way.
understand written Czech;Read and comprehend written texts in Czech.
assess the compatibility of individuals and animals to work together;Ensure work harmony between humans and animals, regarding to physical characteristics, capacity, temperament and potential.
prepare the assessment of prior learning;Familiarise the candidate with the assessment situation and guide them through the process of assessment of their prior learning.
manage gambling game;Observe and review the history data of the game of players and analyse their profile to enable proactive management of the gaming operation. Involve  Gaming Managers into the review process in a regular basis in order to assist where needed.  
restore art using scientific methods;Follow closely works of art and artifacts by using scientific tools such as x-rays and visual tools, to define the causes of deterioration. Analyse the possibility to restore these objects in a way that can take their original form or condition.  
timing devices;All mechanical and electric instruments that indicate time, such as clocks, watches, pendulums, hairsprings, and chronometers.
organise fire station;Organise the place where fire engines and other equipment are housed to ensure safe and efficient operations.
dig soil mechanically;Use mechanical equipment to dig up and move soil. Form pits according to excavation plans.
operate furnace;Operate or tend furnaces, such as gas, oil, coal, electric-arc or electric induction, open-hearth, or oxygen furnaces, to melt and refine metal before casting, to produce specified types of steel, or to finish other materials such as cokes. Set furnace controls to regulate temperatures and heating time.
medication classification;Categories of medication such as antibiotics, anti-inflammatory and antiviral.
legal use-of-force;The characteristics of the use-of-force, which is a legal doctrine employed by police and army forces, to regulate acts of violence during interventions. Use-of-force is ought to balance security needs with ethical concerns for the rights and well-being of intruders or suspects.
write Portuguese;Compose written texts in Portuguese.
remove finished casts;Open mould and safely remove the finished cast from within.
assess employees capability levels;Evaluate the capabilities of employees by creating criteria and systematic testing methods for measuring expertise of individuals within an organisation.
order vehicles;Order new or second-hand vehicles following business specifications and procedures.
teach university class;Instruct university students in the theory and practice of a certain subject or field taught by an assistant lecturer or professor with the aim of enriching their knowledge.
process animal by-products;Carry out initial processing of animal by-products for example skin, in preparation for further processing
demonstrate curiosity;Show a lively interest in novelty, an openness to experience, find subjects and topics fascinating, actively explore and discover new areas.
operate pasteurisation processes;Follow and apply procedures to pasteurise food and beverages. Recognise the properties of the products to be pasteurised and adapt procedures accordingly.
petrology;The scientific field of geology that studies the composition, structure, texture, other characteristics, and regional gradations of rocks.
use diagnostic tools for electronic repairs;Use diagnostic equipment to measure current, resistance and voltage. Handle sophisticated multimeters to measure inductance, capacitance and current transistor gain.
clean carcasses;Remove organs, fats sticking hole, spinal cord, and diaphragm from carcasses. Perform cleaning of the carcass following established procedures in order to obtain a final carcass presentation.
serve food in table service;Provide food at the table whilst maintaining high level of customer service and food safety standards.
ensure customs compliance;implement and monitor compliance with import and export requirements in order to avoid customs claims, supply chain interruption, increased overall costs.
provide sedation to animals;Select, administer and monitor sedatives dispensed to animals for a medical intervention.
adjust engineering designs;Adjust designs of products or parts of products so that they meet requirements.
control pumping operations in petroleum production;Control plant operations and gas and oil pumping equipment. Monitor gauges and monitors and control the equipment to make sure the extraction proceeds efficiently and safely.
write Danish;Compose written texts in Danish.
operate precision measuring equipment;Measure the size of a processed part when checking and marking it to check if it is up to standard by use of two and three dimensional precision measuring equipment such as a caliper, a micrometer, and a measuring gauge.
Pentaho Data Integration;The computer program Pentaho Data Integration is a tool for integration of information from multiple applications, created and maintained by organisations, into one consistent and transparent data structure, developed by the software company Pentaho.
prepare credit reports;Prepare reports which outline an organisations likelihood of being able to repay debts and do so in a timely manner, meeting all the legal requirements linked to the agreement.
describe chemical innovation in products;Clearly explain chemical innovations and variations made to products at the production level. Works closely with process chemists and control engineers to ensure the process plant improvements are implemented according to plan.
count money;count money by sorting and wraping money and coins.
emergent technologies;The recent trends, developments and innovations in modern technologies such as biotechnology, artificial intelligence and robotics.
change window displays;Change or rearrange window displays. Reflect changes in the shop inventory. Emphasise new promotional actions.
regulations for international transportation;Know the relevant regulations and legislation that applies to transportation of national or foreign cargo or passengers to and from different countries via vessels or aircraft.
prepare fruit ingredients for use in beverages;Cut or blend fruits for use in preparation and decoration of drinks such as cocktails and aperitifs.
schedule recreation facilities;Schedule the use of recreational facilities.
Smalltalk (computer programming);The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in Smalltalk.
finish concrete sections;Finish electrolytic cells` concrete sections using grinders or trowels.
provide advocacy interpreting services;Provide language interpretation services aimed at helping people belonging to minority communities get their message across irrespective of the language.
assemble batteries;Manufacture batteries using hand tools, power tools or automated machines. Understand and read plans and blueprints regarding the technical aspects of batteries to comprehend specifications and requirements.
personal directing styles;Understand and analyse the behaviour of specific directors.
identify technological needs;Assess needs and identify digital tools and possible technological responses to address them. Adjust and customise digital environments to personal needs (e.g. accessibility).
global standards for sustainability reporting;The global, standardised reporting framework that enable organisations to quantify and communicate about their environmental, social and governance impact.
apply brazing techniques;Apply and work with a variety of techniques in the process of brazing, such as torch brazing, braze welding, dip brazing, and others.
biomedical scientists role in health care system;The roles and responsibilities of a biomedical scientist under the health care regulation system.
develop chemical products;Research and create new chemicals and plastics used in the production of a variety of goods such as pharmaceuticals, textile, building materials and household products.
operate photoreactors;Operate photoreactors under supervision.
ceramic ware;The production process and characteristics of various types of ceramic ware such as pottery, whiteware, stoneware, chinaware, porcelain or earthenware.
oversee harvest process;Oversee the harvest process on client farms and discuss with the team how they can improve their operation and resolve issues. Discuss any new ideas they have.
demonstrate technical skills during neurological surgery;Apply technical skills to open and close the scalp and skull as well as the spinal column. Meticulously control haemostasis requisite for operative neurosurgery.
ensure trains run to schedule;Ensure the timely arrival of trains at their destinations in compliance with railway schedules.
develop standard operating procedures in the food chain;Develop Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) in the food chain based on the production feedback. Understand current operating procedures and identify best techniques. Develop new procedures and update existing ones.
lop trees;Can retract trees and big branches with regard to health and safety regulations
identify progression of disease;Recognise changing signs, symptoms and progression of disease and make appropriate decisions related to the continuation or changing of the treatment.
represent the company;Represent and defend the interests of the company to customers, and provide workable solutions to problems. Pursue the highest quality customer service.
perform improvisation;Perform dialogues or actions spontaneously or without preparation.
use manual draughting techniques;Use non-computerised draughting techniques to make detailed drawings of designs by hand with specialised tools such as pencils, rulers and templates.
follow-up actions resulting from railway facilities inspections;Follow-up actions resulting from inspection into railway facilities and the identification of malfunctions or discrepancies in station platforms, vending machines, station kiosks, railway vehicles, and other railroad facilities.
manage troop deployment;Manage the deployment of troops to areas in conflict, or in need of aid, and oversee the deployment procedures. Manage the deployment of the troops within an area for specific missions, and ensure the troops and resources are allocated to the missions in compliance with tactical considerations and safety of the troops.
electricity market;The trends and major driving factors in the electricity trading market, electricity trades methodologies and practice, and the identification of the major stakeholders in the electricity sector.
mathematics;Mathematics is the study of topics such as quantity, structure, space, and change. It involves the identification of patterns and formulating new conjectures based on them. Mathematicians strive to prove the truth or falsity of these conjectures. There are many fields of mathematics, some of which are widely used for practical applications.
embalm bodies;Prepare bodies for funeral ceremonies, by cleaning and disinfecting them, using make-up to create the impression of a natural appearance and hiding or correcting any visible damages or injuries.
analgesics;The types of medication used to relief pain in various medical cases.
smooth glass edges;Use automated abrasive belts to smooth or shape glass edges.
measure yarn count;Be able to measure yarn length and mass to assess fineness of roving, sliver and yarn in different measuring systems.Also able to convert into the various numbering system such as tex, Nm, Ne, denier, etc.
identify research topics;Determine issues on social, economic or political level in order to explore them and to do research on them.
PHP;The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in PHP.
fruit and vegetables maceration;Extract essences from vegetal materials to obtain the desired aromatic properties.
manage production enterprise;Organise and instruct staff, plan production strategies and programmes including sales. Carry out input purchase orders, materials, equipment and manage stocks etc. Awareness of demands of the businesses customers and adjustments accordingly to plans and strategies. Estimate resources and control budget of enterprise applying business economics, production development and project management principles.
organise storage facilities;Order the contents of a storage area to improve efficiency with respect to the inflow and outflow of the stored items.
supervise the management of an establishment;Run the management of an establishment and ensure that every need for an smooth running of the operations is looked after.
apply tobacco manufacturing requirements;Apply all laws, regulations and administrative provisions concerning the manufacture and presentation of tobacco and related products. Understand the regulation referring to manufacturing of tobacco.
simulation-based clinical education;The activities and programs aimed at providing students with opportunities to practice their clinical and decision-making skills through various real-life situational experiences. It may involve the use of serious game, 3D virtual techniques and skill laboratories.
arrange student accommodation;Screen the several housing options including host families or guesthouses for students going on an exchange programme. Secure their housing once they have been accepted.
analyse body fluids;Test samples from human bodily fluids like blood and urine for enzymes, hormones, and other constituents, identifying blood types and determining whether donor blood is compatible with the recipient.
promote youth work in the local community;Disseminate information on the advantages of youth work in the local community and help create synergies with third parties that support and promote youth work in general.
confer with event staff;Communicate with staff members at a chosen event site to coordinate details.
energy sector policies;The public administration and regulatory aspects of the energy sector, and requirements necessary to create policies.
software anomalies;The deviations of what is standard and exceptional events during software system performance, identification of incidents that can alter the flow and the process of system execution.
types of vehicles;Field of information which distinguishes rental agency classification systems, containing types and classes of vehicles and their functioning and components.
set health, hygiene, safety and security standards;Fix standards and procedures to ensure health, hygiene, safety and security in the establishment.
monitor feeding behaviour;Monitor feeding behaviour of farm animals. Collect information on the growth of the animals, and forecast future growth. Monitor and assess biomass taking mortality into account.
strain paper on mould;Adjust the paper to the size of the frame and insert a cover paper screen and grid on top of it. Strain the whole, and dump the paper pulp in the opening of the mould and deckle. Distribute the paper pulp, let the water drain out on a metal sheet or cover and remove the mould without the grid.
apply isopropyl alcohol;Use isopropyl alcohol in order to improve the morphology and therefore the surface quality of the engraved material in a moderate and safe manner.
database;The classification of databases, that includes their purpose, characteristics, terminology, models and use such as XML databases, document-oriented databases and full text databases.
keep task records;Organise and classify records of prepared reports and correspondence related to the performed work and progress records of tasks.
ensure legal gaming;Monitor gaming operations to ensure that juridical regulations and house rules are respected at all times.
types of plastering materials;Types of plastering materials containing different proportions of materials such as gypsum, cement and lime, each with their own properties, usage cases and cost.
identify undetected organisational needs;Use the collected input and information from interviewing stakeholders and analysing organisational documents in order to detect unseen needs and improvements that would support the development of the organisation. Identify the needs of the organisation in terms of staff, equipment, and improvement of operations.
digital marketing techniques;The marketing techniques used on the web to reach and engage with stakeholders, customers and clients.
supervise nursing staff;Supervise nurses, trainees, healthcare assistants, support workers, and/or students by providing practical and theoretical training, mentoring, and support, as required.
dry tobacco leaves;Dry tobacco leaves to a precisely defined level of moisture according to product specifications.
rig loads;Safely attach loads to different types of hooks and attachments, taking into account the weight of the load, the power available to move it, static and dynamic tolerances of all instruments and materials, and the mass distribution of the system. Communicate with the operator verbally or with gestures to ensure the safety and efficiency of the operation. Detach loads.
OpenEdge Database;The computer program OpenEdge Database is a tool for creating, updating and managing databases, developed by the software company Progress Software Corporation.
update design results during rehearsals;Updating the design results based on observation of the stage image during the rehearsals, especially where the different designs and the action are integrated.
advise clients on moving services;Provide clients with information with regard to moving services. Advise clients on services, modalities, relocation possibilities, and aspects which must be taken into consideration when planning a move.
respond to incidents in cloud;Troubleshoot issues with the cloud and determine how to restore operations. Design and automate disaster recovery strategies and evaluate a deployment for points of failure.
operate video equipment;Use  of various types of video equipment.
use geographic information systems;Work with computer data systems such as Geographic Information Systems (GIS).
empower individuals, families and groups;Empower individuals, families and groups towards healthy lifestyles and self-care.
label belts;Label each belt with the specific identification band.
take pictures;Take photographs of individual people, families and groups, either in a studio setting or on location.
supervise chiropractic students;"Supervise chiropractic students in the workplace and share own expertise with them; train them so that they can perform well in the workplace."
diving operation requirements;The operational plan and the contingency plan for the diving operation, the diving equipment to be used in the diving operation, the diving signals to be used in the diving operation, the in-water decompression procedures to be used in the diving operation, and any emergency procedures that might have to be used in the diving operation.
conduct research on climate processes;Conduct research on the characteristic events occurring in the atmosphere during the interactions and transformations of various atmospheric components and conditions.
fingerspelling;The image of letters of alphabets using only one’s hands.
mechanical tools;Understand machines and tools, including their designs, uses, repair, and maintenance.
parts of a surface grinding machine;The various compartments of machinery designed for grinding processes, such as the grinding wheel, wheel guard, table dog, saddle, table clamp, one-shot lubricator, and others.
detect microorganisms;Use various laboratory methods and tools such as gene amplification and sequencing to detect and identify microorganisms such as bacteria and fungi in soil, air, and water samples.
maintain aerodrome equipment;Maintain aerodrome equipment serviceability by performing continuous checks.
minimise environmental impact on the surrounding area;Minimise the waste of materials and dispose of debris correctly. Minimise the damage to plants, features and surrounding areas.
aircraft cargo capacity;Know the aircraft specifications and characteristics in order to organise and assess cargo loading capacities.
measure the impact of specific aquaculture activity;Identify and measure the biological, physico-chemical impacts of specific aquaculture farm activity on the environment. Carry out all necessary tests, including collection and processing of samples for analysis.
adolescent socialisation behaviour;The social dynamics through which young adults live amongst each other, expressing their likes and dislikes and the rules of communication between generations.
manage emergency procedures;React quickly in case of emergency and set planned emergency procedures in motion.
manage adverse reactions to anaesthesia;Handle patients with adverse reactions to anaesthetics administered during the operation.
oversee rehabilitation process;Oversee the rehabilitation process of offenders during their stay in a correctional facility, to ensure that they follow the instructions, show good behaviour, and work towards full re-integration when they are released.
use databases;Use software tools for managing and organising data in a structured environment which consists of attributes, tables and relationships in order to query and modify the stored data.
wild game meat food safety;Understand food safety management procudures and national requirements for wild game meat.
create game testing software;Develop software to test and evaluate online and land-based gambling, betting and lottery games.
seat customers according to the waiting list;Accommodate customers according to the waiting list, reservation and position in the queue.
operate grappler;Operate a hydraulic grappler, an attachment to heavy machinery used to grab and manipulate cylindrical objects such as trees or pipes. Lift up the object, safely manoeuvre it, and set it down in the desired position.
serve wines;Provide wine using proper techniques in front of the customers. Open the bottle correctly, decant the wine if needed, serve and keep the wine in the proper temperature and container.
manage campsite supplies;Monitor stocks of camp-site supplies and camping equipment, select and monitor suppliers and ensure stock rotation and maintenance.
natural gas liquids recovery processes;Be aware of common processes used to separate heavier hydrocarbons such as ethane, propane and butane from the methane, which is the finished product of the gas processing plant. Be aware of oil absorption techniques, cryogenic expansion processes, and other relevant processes.
design wayside signalling interlockings;Design procedures to implement wayside signalling interlockings. Analyse routes and aspect charts and take into account highway crossing warning systems.
control the production of game meat for human consumption;Support the hygienic handling of dead game. Inspect game carcasses to make sure it is suitable for consumption. Ensure game meat is handled, stored and dispatched hygienically and according to legal requirements.
manage difficult clients;Handle clients who become aggressive or who do not want to pay because they are not content about the service.
collect oil samples;"Collect petroleum product samples by turning bleed valves; insert container into tank to obtain sample material."
Xcode;The computer program Xcode is a suite of software development tools for writing programs, such as compiler, debugger, code editor, code highlights, packaged in a unified user interface. It is developed by the software company Apple.
translate texts;Translate text from one language to another, conserving the meaning and the nuances of the original text, without adding, changing or omitting anything and avoiding the expression of personal feelings and opinions.
advise guests on menus for special events;Offer recommendations to guests on meal and drink items available for special events or parties in a professional and friendly manner.
video-games trends;Latest developments in the video-games industry.
maintain recycling records;Maintain records and process facts and figures about type and volume of different recycling operations.
test absorbency;Execute standard tests to establish (diaper) absorbency, such as Demand Wettability or Gravimetric Absorbance. These tests evaluate the Absorbance Under Load and the fibre to particle ratio or the ability of the product to soak up moisture.
saw off filament mandrel pins;After the filament workpiece has been removed from the winding machine, saw off the pins that keep the workpiece in place on the mandrel in order to facilitate removal of the workpiece.
attend read-through;Attend the organised reading of the script, where the actors, director, producers, and scriptwriters read the script thoroughly.
operate stowage programmes;Operate stowage programmes used for controlling stability in vessels, loading operations, and cargo planning processes. Interpret graphical interfaces, stowage data and scenario variables.
follow interpreting quality standards;Follow the agreed upon standards to ensure that the requirements for interpreters are met and to guarantee unity. This may include such standards as the European standard EN 15038 for translation.
meet expectations of target audience;Research the needs and expectations of the target audience to ensure the programs theme meets both.
manage student relationships;Manage the relations between students and between student and teacher. Act as a just authority and create an environment of trust and stability.
manipulate wood;Manipulate the properties, shape and size of wood.
manage health and safety standards;Oversee all personnel and processes to comply with health, safety and hygiene standards. Communicate and support alignment of these requirements with the companys health and safety programmes.
dye wigs;Apply dyes to wigs to obtain the desired colour.
supervise horticultural crews;Supervise the horticultural crews by planning, assigning and evaluating their daily activities.
monitor stock level;Evaluate how much stock is used and determine what should be ordered.
provide victim assistance;Provide support to victims of crimes to help them cope with the situation, including with crime victimization.
create jewellery;Create pieces of jewellery using precious materials such as silver and gold.
financial engineering;The finance theory field that addresses the combination of applied mathematics, computer science, and financial theory aimed at calculating and forecasting different financial variables ranging from the creditworthiness of a debtor up to the performance of securities in the stock market.
aquatic ecology;Aquatic ecology is the study of aquatic organisms, how they interact, where they live, and what they do.
sales activities;The supply of goods, sale of goods and the related financial aspects. The supply of goods entails the selection of goods, import and transfer. The financial aspect includes the processing of purchasing and sales invoices, payments etc. The sale of goods implies the proper presentation and positioning of the goods in the shop in terms of acessibility, promotion, light exposure.
write Bulgarian;Compose written texts in Bulgarian.
design job analysis tools;Identify the need for and design job analysis tools, such as manuals, reporting forms, training films or slides.
liaise with well test engineers;Establish relationships with well testing engineers in order to optimise procedures.
improve chemical processes;Collect data required to make improvements or modifications to chemical processes. Develop new industrial processes, design new process plants/equipment or modify existing ones.
follow ethical code of conduct of gambling;Follow the rules and ethical code used in gambling, betting and lottery. Keep the entertainment of players in mind.
Sanskrit;The Sanskrit language.
analyse telescope images;Examine images taken by telescopes in order to study phenomena and objects outside Earths atmosphere.
develop investment portfolio;Create an investment portfolio for a customer that includes an insurance policy or multiple policies to cover specific risks, such as financial risks, assistance, reinsurance, industrial risks or natural and technical disasters.
perform small vessel safety measures;Organise and monitor safety, applying the regulations for risk prevention at work. Organise and manage emergency operations such as flooding, abandoning ship, survival at sea, search and rescue of shipwrecked, according to the ships emergency plans, to ensure safety. Organise and direct the operations of fire fighting and prevention, according to the ships emergency plans to ensure safety.
veterinary terminology;Spelling and meaning of commonly used terminology of veterinary terms.
develop solutions to information issues;Analyse information needs and challenges to develop effective technological solutions.
monitor service users health;Perform routine monitoring of clients health, such as taking temperature and pulse rate.
ensure cost efficiency in food manufacturing;Ensure that the whole process of food manufacturing from receipt of raw materials, production, to food manufacturing and packaging processes is cost-effective and efficient.
inspect maritime operations;"Inspect maritime activities and ensure that operations are performed correctly and in a timely fashion; safely operate lifesaving and firefighting equipment."
purchase music;Purchase the rights to music pieces while making sure all legal requirements are met.
install mechatronic equipment;Install equipment used for the automation of a specific machine or device.
propose alternative rubber compound ingredients;Identify potentially toxic ingredients inside rubber compounds and propose alternative ingredients or compounds with similar functionality.
inform clients of healthy lifestyle benefits;Provide accurate information about the role of physical activity and stimulate exercisers with controlled health conditions to adopt and maintain a healthy lifestyle behaviour. Inform clients on principles of nutrition and weight management.
develop rubber crumb slurry;Develop crumb slurry out of coagulated synthetic rubber latex by preparing the rubber crumbs for finishing.
ultra-high temperature processing;A processing (UHT), which sterilises food by heating it above 135°C (275°F), the temperature required to kill spores in milk for 1 to 2 seconds.
promote the conservatory;Maintain a positive image of the conservatory and use personal network in the best interest of the conservatory, such as establishing valuable artistic and financial connections.
safe horseback riding principles;Safe horseback riding and training principles.
evaluation theory and model;Understanding of the evaluation field, program evaluation standards, the various program evaluation theories and their epistemological underpinning, and the most widely used evaluation approaches.
provide customers with order information;"Provide order information to customers by telephone or e-mail; clearly communicate about price ratings, shipping dates and possible delays."
manage electronic logistics for sound equipment;Manage electronic logistics of sound equipment used for broadcasting, mixing, and taping.
dispose of chemicals;Dispose of chemicals and treatments safely according to site waste management procedures.
install vehicle accessories;Build in the vehicle accessories, such as door handles, hinges, locks and audio systems. Customise following clients requests.
decorate musical instruments;Create designs on musical instruments by using methods such as embossing, piercing, painting, woodworking, weaving, and other methods.
monitor packaging operations;Observe and supervise the packaging operations undertaken by the workers for compliance to production requirements. Check products for proper packaging such as labelling and date coding in order to ensure appropriate and safe transportation.
use technology for forensics;Operate specialised tools used for forensic investigations.
control cutterheads;Manoeuvre the cutterheads of a cutter dredge. Choose the correct cutterhead equipment and lower the cutterheads to commence dredging. Raise the cutterhead to avoid obstacles or to end the dredging session.
literary criticism;Academic field that evaluates and classifies literary works. These discussions can cover new publications or offer reassessment of older pieces of literature.
winterise fats;Perform winterising on fats which consists in removing fatty stearin.
manage fluid production in gas;Manage issues and anticipate potential problems arising from fluids involved in the production of oil and gas.
write Georgian;Compose written texts in Georgian.
demand excellence from performers;Make sure that you follow closely one or several performers when necessary. Suggest additional work sessions.
research locations for wind farms;Perform research on-site and using a wind atlas in order to evaluate different locations which could be suitable for the construction of groups of wind turbines, as well as perform follow-up research on the location in order to aid in the development of construction plans.
develop site remediation strategies;Conduct field studies and and provide advice on areas with polluted soil or groundwater at industrial sites and mining sites. Devise methods to store excavated soil. Develop strategies to rehabilitate exhausted mining sites back into a natural state.
fit contact lenses;Measure the curvature of the cornea or front surface of the eye to assure that the fitting curve of the lens properly fits the curvature of the anterior surface of the eye.
help coordinate promotional activities;Help establish a schedule for promotional activities. Define the content of promotional activities. Select resource person or people to delegate and share relevant information with them. Prepare the necessary material.
operate laser cutting equipment;Focus a narrow beam of strong laser light onto a metal surface to evaporate the material and make a cut. Take the necessary safety precautions, including reflective safety wear and goggles.
monitor moving workpiece in a machine;Monitor the processing of a workpiece in motion, such as a piece of metal or wood moved linearly over a static manufacturing machine.
apply methods for footwear and leather goods manufacturing;Produce technical specifications such as drawings, cards, and sheets for the stages of the production of footwear and leather goods. Analyse the technical sheets, defining the working methods. List the operation sequences and distribute the work for the manufacturing of each model.
install lift shaft support equipment;Securely install the necessary equipment to guide the movement of a lift in the shaft, and to facilitate maintenance. Attach rails to the sides of the shaft to guide the movement of the car. Install service ladders for maintenance and emergency purposes.
supervise special visitors;Serve as docents for special visitors and groups.
honey constituents;Components of honey such as fructose, water, glucose and other type of sugars and their interactions in the production/extraction of honey products.
research areas for outdoor activity;Study the area where outdoor activities are going to take place, taking into account the culture and history of the working place and the equipment required to develop the activities.
assess cleanliness of areas;Evaluate cleanliness of areas in order to make sure that they are clean and presentable for customers.
discuss plays;Study and discuss stage performances with other stage professionals.
interpret sport games rules;Interpret the rules and laws as an official, safeguarding the spirit of the sport activity and competition.
diagnose nursing care;A judgment based on a comprehensive nursing assessment. 
state aid regulations;The regulations, procedures and horizontal rules governing the provision of an advantage in any form conferred on a selective basis to undertakings by national public authorities.
mining sector policies;The public administration and regulatory aspects of the mining sector, and requirements necessary to create policies.
manage recirculation systems;Manage pumping, aerating, heating and lighting equipment as needed in recirculation systems.
design training programmes for animals;Assess the training needs of the animal and select appropriate methods and activities to meet training objectives.
obtain sponsorship;Acquire sponsor deals by preparing relevant applications and reports.
supervise crop production;Supervise and analyse overall crop production in order to ensure effective production process, taking into account the environmental regulations.
heat jewellery metals;Heat, melt and shape metals for jewellery making.
revise certifications for dangerous good transportation;Check if the goods to be transported and their certifications meet regulations , ensure that certifications correspond to the goods. Drivers must ensure that they secure the load to their vehicle, which for dangerous goods requires a signed packing certificate (this certificate may form part of the Dangerous Goods Note).
socio-economic trends in your sector;Situation and evolution of a sector from a socio-economic perspective. Economic parameters such as the value contribution to the GDP of this sector, public and private investment, open calls and funding opportunities, audience trends, and household consumption related to your sector. Monitor of social perception and political focus: social perception of the sector and its stakeholders as a whole, academic and professional acknowledgement of this sectors professionals, qualification frameworks, audience evolution and trends, government authorities related to this sector, promotional measures, rulings and public investment.
monitor production costs;Monitor the costs of each department during each production phase to make sure they are within budget.
zero-energy building design;The design and building principle whereby the net amount of energy used by the building equals the amount of renewable energy created by the building itself. The concept refers to self-sustaining constructions.
advise on timber-based products;Provide advice on the types of timber products or materials and their characteristics.
provide input to collaborators to guide their work;Discuss and exchange ideas related to the project with the team. Show the raw material to each designer and explain desires, expectations and aesthetic or technical concerns. Review proposals submitted by cooperators.
design utility equipment;Design equipment which is used for the provision of utility services, such as heat, steam, power, and refrigeration, in order to improve efficiency and sustainability in the provision of utilities to facilities and residential properties.
assess users interaction with ICT applications;Evaluate how users interact with ICT applications in order to analyse their behaviour, draw conclusions (for instance about their motives, expectations and goals) and improve applications functionalities.
perform test run;Perform tests putting a system, machine, tool or other equipment through a series of actions under actual operating conditions in order to assess its reliability and suitability to realise its tasks, and adjust settings accordingly.
apply flame handling regulations;Apply the laws and organisation rules for the safe storage and use of flammables.
gas contaminant removal processes;"The processes used to remove contaminants such as mercury, nitrogen and helium from natural gas; the techniques such as activated carbon and molecular sieves and the recovery of the removed material if it is commercially viable."
advise on tanker operations;Provide advice on vessel capability, assessing risk associated with a specific vessel use, and interacting with in-transit vessels, to facilitate the transport of liquids, especially oil or gas.
ferrous metal processing;Various processing methods on iron and iron-containing alloys such as steel, stainless steel and pig iron.
reduce tanning emissions;Adjust the formulation of finishing operation according to each type of leather market destination avoiding reduce volatile organic compounds (VOC) emissions.
manage airport vehicle licences;Manage the licences of vehicles that are permitted to operate inside airports. Know the specifications of these vehicles and ensure they meet licencing requirements.
manage personal progression;Take charge of and market your own skills and competences to advance in work and private life.
administer anaesthetics to patients;Give anaesthetics to patients for intensive care and surgery using local anaesthetic for a minor operation on a small area of the body, regional anaesthetic and general anaesthetic.
theory of art therapy;The art therapy history and theory, events, and practitioners, and the development of art therapy as a distinct therapeutic practice, the overview of psychotherapy theories relevant to art therapy, theories of creativity, and theoretical foundations of art therapy.
roles of supporting team for community arts programme;Clearly define the roles of supporting team members from other disciplines like health workers, physiotherapists, learning support workers. Identify when you might need to collaborate with other artists and be clear about your collective roles.
approach challenges positively;Adopt a positive attitude and a constructive approach when dealing with challenges.
find trends in geographic data;Analyse geographic data to find relationships and trends such as population density.
pour concrete;Pour concrete into a form from a mixer truck chute, hopper or hose. Pour the correct amount to balance efficiency with the risk of the concrete not setting completely.
dental instrument components;The different components and materials that are necessary to create a specific dental instrument. These materials and components vary between the electromedical dental instruments, such as dental drills and dental lasers, and non-electrical dental instruments, such as dental mirrors and sickle probes.
promote sustainability;Promote the concept of sustainability to the public, colleagues and fellow professionals through speeches, guided tours, displays and workshops.
work from suspended access cradle;Work safely from a suspended access cradle, also known as a swing stage, a cradle suspended from four ropes. Move the cradle around or coordinate with others who move it. Take care to keep the cradle balanced and to prevent any objects falling out.
ensure accurate engravings;Closely observe the actions of the mechanical cutting tools, resulting in a flawless engraving process.
perform underwater investigations;Perform investigative activities, searches, or rescue missions underwater by using diving equipment and complying with safety regulations.
diagnostic methods in medical laboratory;The various types of diagnostic methods in the medical laboratory such as clinical-chemical methods, haematological methods, immune-haematological methods, histological methods, cytological methods and micro-biological methods.
monitor patients progress related to treatment;Observe and report on healthcare users response to medical treatment, monitoring their progress or decay on a daily basis and modifying the treatment procedures whenever necessary.
assist with book events;Provide assistance in the organisation of book-related events such as talks, literature seminars, lectures, signing sessions, reading groups, etc.
dispense medicines;Review and dispense medicines and validate prescriptions ensuring that they are authentic, correctly interpreted and in line with legal requirements, selecting the correct medicine, strength and pharmaceutical form in accordance with the prescription, package and label of medicines.
types of ceiling;Various types of ceiling, such as tile ceilings, coffer ceilings and drop ceilings, each with their own advantages and disadvantages, risks, and costs.
display spirits;Show full range of available spirits in a visually pleasing manner.
clear the bar at closing time;Free the bar at closing time by politely encouraging patrons to leave at closing time according to policy.
draw conclusions from market research results;Analyse, draw conclusions and present major observations from the results of market research. Suggest on potential markets, prices, target groups, or investments.
understand written Bulgarian;Read and comprehend written texts in Bulgarian.
enzymatic processing;Enzymatic processes used in food production as well as in other industrial biotechnological processes.
define manufacturing quality criteria;Define and describe the criteria by which data quality is measured for manufacturing purposes, such as international standards and manufacturing regulations.
handover the service area;Leave service area in conditions which follow safe and secure procedures, so that it is ready for the next shift.
integrate ICT data;Combine data from sources to provide unified view of the set of these data.
torch temperature for metal processes;Ideal temperature of tools and machinery equiped with torches to perform various metal processing on workpieces.
prepare environment for veterinary surgery;Prepare the surgical environment, including preparation rooms, operating theatres, equipment and materials. prior to surgery.
lepidoptery;The field of zoology that studies moths.
calibrate optical instruments;Correct and adjust the reliability of optical instruments, such as photometers, polarimeters, and spectrometers, by measuring output and comparing results with the data of a reference device or a set of standardised results. This is done in regular intervals which are set by the manufacturer.
interpret illustration needs;Communicate with clients, editors and authors in order to interpret and fully understand their professional needs.
apply floor adhesive;Apply a suitable adhesive to a floor or underlay to keep a floor covering, such as carpet or linoleum, in place. Spread the adhesive evenly and wait the appropriate time for the adhesive to get tacky, but not dry out before laying the covering.
document safety actions;Record all actions taken to ameliorate health and safety, including evaluations, incident reports, strategic plans, risk assessments.
think analytically;Produce thoughts using logic and reasoning in order to identify the strengths and weaknesses of alternative solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems.
create cultural venue learning strategies;Create and develop a learning strategy to engage the public in line with the ethos of the museum or the art facility.
repair metal sheets;Repair bent or torn sheet metal.
prevent technical problems with media integration systems;Adapt the use of media integration equipment and software to prevent undesired changes in the overall image and design, safeguarding the overall performing arts or event production quality. Including physical issues as well as digital ones like latency, interference or processor load.
radiotherapy;Radiotherapy is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
grade veneer;Assess the quality of veneer looking for flaws, tears, and irregularities and evaluating its aesthetic value based on criteria such as colours and patterns.
analyse relation between supply chain improvement and profit;Interpret how the supply chain improvements will impact company profits. Intensify the improvement in those processes that will streamline the supply chain most effectively while generating most profit.
maintain an artistic portfolio;Maintain portfolios of artistic work to show styles, interests, abilities and realisations.
create musical forms;Create original musical forms, or write within existing musical formats like operas or symphonies.
sell gaming activities in casino;Persuade players to participate in specific gaming activities and opportunities on a casino gaming floor.
inspect freight;"Inspect, document, and manage freight shipments; verify that all content complies with national, international and local regulations."
apply phosphate coating to metal workpiece;Prevent steel or iron workpieces from rusting and other corrosion by applying a protective phosphate coating to the metal surface through a chemical reaction of phosphate salts and a dilute solution of phosphoric acid with the surface of the coated workpiece, forming a protective layer of insoluble, crystalline phosphates, usally iron. Phosphate coatings are usually applied to car bodies in their manufacturing process.
develop computer vision system;Apply and combine different computer vision tools and methods such as image acquisition, image processing, image segmentation and classification, detection, etc. in one system to allow computers to extract information from digital images such as photographs or video.
describe the financial situation of a region;Consider a number of variables such as political, social, and economic in order to analyse and describe a region or country from a financial standpoint.
cosmetic dental procedures;The dental restoration procedures and treatments that enhance the appearance of patients` teeth such as bleaching, enamel recontouring and adhesive dentistry, porcelain veneers, inlays, onlays and dental crowns.
grade engineered wood;Assess the quality of engineered wood looking for flaws, incomplete gluing, and irregularities.
maintain ore processing equipment;"Maintain and clean equipment; remove rubbish and spillages."
wire control panel;Strip the wire ends to ensure proper connections and attach wires to the components on the control panel. Pay attention to the wire label, colour, and size. Organise the wire by using a wire duct or cable tie.
communicate with stakeholders;Facilitate communication between organisations and interested third parties such as suppliers, distributors, shareholders and other stakeholders in order to inform them of the organisation and its objectives.
maintain pool cleanliness;Regularly supervise the state of the pool, remove debris or rubbish and keep the deck of the pool clean and safe.
communication studies;The academic field of study that researches the processes of human interaction and communication through different media and how that communication is interpreted on a political, economic, cultural, social, semiotic, and hermeneutic level.
use manual sewing techniques;Use manuel sewing and stitching techniques to manufacture or repair fabrics or textile-based articles.
filter edible oils;Filter oil as one of the processes of oil extraction. Pump oil, using equipment such as sifters or cloths, and adhere to health and safety regulations.
breed turkeys;Prepare a suitable environment for turkey breeding. Select and prepare the appropriate habitats for specific kinds of turkeys. Monitor the turkeys growth and health and ensure correct feeding. Determinate when the turkeys are ready for trade, consumption or other purposes.
find appropriate extras;Find background extras that match the overall theme of a scene.
provide testimony in court hearings;Provide testimony in court hearings regarding a variety of social matters and other events.
apply pre-teaching methods;Teach the content of an upcoming lesson in advance to an individual or a small group of students with learning difficulties, explaining the core issues and using repetition with the goal of improving their learning.
read zoo reports;Read and process the reports of zookeepers and other zoological professionals, and compile the information for zoo records.
implement hedging strategies for clients;Implement strategies for clients in order to reduce the risks of an investment.
manage radiology information system;Develop and maintain a database to store, manage and distribute radiological images and data.
use performance 3D visualisation techniques;Visualise a performance environment using 3D applications and pre-visualisation software. Create a proof of concept for the technical design using 3D CGI, mock-up or scale model.
analyse big data;Collect and evaluate numerical data in large quantities, especially for the purpose of identifying patterns between the data.
supervision of persons;The act of directing one individual or a group of individuals in a certain activity.
calculate purchasing levels of raw materials;Estimate the adequate quantities of raw materials to be purchased and required to meet the production objectives based on the prospects and forecasts.
coking process;The process of destructive distillation where crushed, washed and blended coal is heated to remove impurities and water.
Assembly (computer programming);The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in Assembly.
maintain tile flooring;Remove mould and stains, assess the damage and identify the cause, remove the old adhesive to replace broken tiles, repair joints and apply new protective layers.
develop food safety programmes;Develop a food safety programme including traceability, ISO quality systems and HACCP risk management procedures.
connect armature windings;Connect the coils of wire on the armature to the commutator segments.
system backup best practice;The procedures related to preparing for recovery or continuation of technology infrastructure vital to an organisation.
manufacturing process of ice cream;Managing the manufacturing process of ice cream from the blending stage to cooling and blend flavours, freezing, and packaging.
comply with standard portion sizes;Adhere to set portion sizes by cooking meals according to standard food portion sizes and recipe specifications.
detect product defects;Report in case the product arrives with a defect from previous processes. Understand the type of defect and send it to the right person.
coat inside of tyres;Coat the broken tyres on the inside by using rubber cement.
questioned document examination;The forensic science discipline that uses scientific methods to provide evidence about a document used as evidence in court, such as origin, forgery, and authenticity.
gemstones;Types of minerals or petrified materials that are cut and polished for use in jewellery, classified according to type, characteristics, and value.
carry out routine maintenance of wood cutting machinery;Inspect, clean, service and maintain the power unit in accordance with manufacturer requirements and industry guidelines. Inspect components within the power unit and maintain cutting systems in accordance with manufacturer recommendations by using appropriate tools to replace damaged, missing or worn components. Report appropriately on any defects. Carry out routine operator maintenance by performing pre-start checks and setting the machine for the use of reassemble chainsaws and cutting systems to their functional or operational standards.
manage offset printing process;Select and oversee implementation of relevant printing processes, necessary tools, and colours.
coordinate with creative departments;Coordinate activities with other artistic and creative departments.
manage waste treatment facility;Manage the operations of a facility which deals with the treatment and disposal of waste, such as sorting, recycling, and storage procedures, ensuring the facility and its equipment are maintained and procedures occur compliant with legislation.
coordinate finishing room in footwear manufacturing;Coordinate the flow of materials and footwear components. Manage orders and organise the activity of the finishing room. Distribute machinery, operations and workers. Manage and optimise production and materials. Divide and organise pieces and components according to the footwear model or size and send them directly to the warehouse. Organise in-process quality control.
perform kiln maintenance;Perform small maintenance tasks on drawing kiln such as replacing the cooling pads of the jacket and plugging in the kiln with mortar.
support gifted students;Assist students showing great academic promise or with an unusually high IQ with their learning processes and challenges. Set up an individual learning plan catered to their needs.
define an approach to your fight dicipline;Do an analysis of  the work and expertise in fight discipline and use this to find an approach in directing fight actions with the choreographer/director.
align content with form;Align form and content to make sure they fit together.
German;The German language.
review waste-treatment facilities construction plans;Determine if the plans for new waste treatment facilities are in conformity with ordinances.
inspect timber;Inspect timber sale sites and reforestation activities for compliance with permits and regulations.
nonwoven machine technology;Manufacturing of nonwoven fabrics according to specification. Development, manufacture, properties and evaluation of nonwoven fabrics.
process commissioned instructions;Process instructions, usually oral ones, provided by managers and directives on actions required to be made. Take note, inquire, and take action on the commissioned requests.
Spiral development;The spiral development model is a methodology to design software systems and applications.
analyse pipeline database information;Retrieve and analyse different types of information extracted from the databases of pipelines companies. Analyse information such as risks, project management KPIs (keyperformance indicators), goods transportation times, and document back-up processes.
software components libraries;The software packages, modules, web services and resources that cover a set of related functions and the databases where these reusable components can be found.
monitor heavy machinery;Monitor the performance of heavy-duty equipment. Record troubleshooting, ensure that all operations comply with safety and health requirements.
test moisture content;Test the moisture content using a moisture testing apparatus.
assess sugar levels in tobacco leaves;Assess levels of sugar in tobacco leaves by referring to the curing and fermentation methods of the tobacco, by using different tools and equipment for testing.
tend equipment for oil extraction;Tend equipment that strains stearin from vegetable oils, such as soybean oil, corn oil, and cottonseed oil to produce salad oil. Chill the oil in a chilling tank for the specified time to solidify stearin. Use air pressure to force oil through filters and trap suspended stearin.
conduct scholarly research;Plan scholarly research by formulating the research question and conducting empirical or literature research in order to investigate the truth of the research question.
grading systems;The features of several grading systems such as FAS (Firsts and Seconds) and various forms of SEL (Select) and Common, which are used to buy and sell lumber worldwide.
football;The rules and different styles of the game, techniques of football and defensive and attacking tactics such as ball possession, counter-attacking, pressing and counter-pressing.
provide necessary documents;Provide access to and information on the necessary documentation the client needs to process, and inform on regulations concerning the procedures.
provide support to social services users;Help social service users identify and express their expectations and strengths, providing them with information and advice to make informed decisions about their circumstances. Give support to achieve change and improve life opportunities.
analyse packaging requirements;Analyses packaging requirement against the design of the production plan. Perform the analysis considering engineering, economic, ergonomic, and other perspectives.
influence of winds and currents in the steering of ships;Know what influence current, wind strength, and wind direction have on a vessels navigation and manoeuvring abilities.
understand written German;Read and comprehend written texts in German.
transfer chemicals;Transfer the chemical mixture from the mixing tank to the storage tank by turning on the valves.
prevent premature drying;Take the precautionary steps to avoid a product or a surface from drying to quickly, for example by covering it with a protective film or by humidifying it regularly.
add computer components;Perform small adjustments to various computers by adding components.
liaise with crop growers;Give advice to agronomical and horticultural crop growers regarding aspects such as the maintenance of crops and more technical information concerning business and product development issues.
Schoology;The computer program Schoology is a e-learning platform for creating, administrating, arranging, reporting and delivering e-learning education courses or training programs.
formulate a case conceptualisation model for therapy;Compose an individualised treatment plan in collaboration with the individual, striving to match his or her needs, situation, and treatment goals to maximise the probability of therapeutic gain and considering any possible personal, social, and systemic barriers that might undermine treatment.
identify faults in utility meters;Monitor utility measuring instruments, in order to assess whether the readings are accurate, and to identify damage and need for repairs and maintenance.
tend cold extrusion machine;Tend an extrusion machine designed for forming cold metal whilst right below its recrystallisation temperature, monitor and operate it, according to regulations.
analyse the original actors way of speaking;Analyse the intonation, modulation, timbre, and other features of the original actors way of speaking in a specific scene.
design stained glass;Create sketches and designs for stained glass objects, e.g. windows.
provide cost benefit analysis reports;Prepare, compile and communicate reports with broken down cost analysis on the proposal and budget plans of the company. Analyse the financial or social costs and benefits of a project or investment in advance over a given period of time.
dig wells;Operate drilling machinery and tools to sink wells in the specified locations.
sell pet accessories;Sell pet accessories such as pet clothing, bowls, toys, clothing, etc. Inform customers about all products available in stock.
training equipment for riding;Training equipment used in different riding styles such as saddles, bits/curb straps, neck sweats, athletic boots, etc. 
mechanical requirements for vehicles in urban areas;"Know legal requirements that vehicles must meet in order to operate in urban areas. Inspect and maintain components of vehicle subsystems; ensure safety of vehicle, reliability, and driving comfort."
supervise audiology team;Oversee the work of audiology students and health care personnel, supervising them as required.
finish processing of man-made fibres;Completing the processing operation of man-made fibres and ensuring that the product is made according to customer specification
manage personal professional development in sport;Take responsibility for developing own knowledge, skills and competence to meet the current and future requirements of the work and to support personal and career development in sport.
documentation concerning meat production;Understand legal identification documents and marks which cover animal movement, identification, and health status. Understand information in commercial books of meat production.
operate cubing machine;Operate the cubing machine making sure the correct patterns for sorting and stacking are followed.
use carbon sheets;Measure and cut carbon rolls and mount and position pattern carbon paper as needed.
implement risk management for works of art;Determine risk factors in art collections and mitigate them. Risk factors for artworks include vandalism, theft, pests, emergencies, and natural disasters. Develop and implement strategies to minimise these risks.
spot welding machine parts;Parts of a machine designed to perform spot welding practices on metal workpieces, such as the air or hydraulic cylinder, welding head, spot welding electrodes, upper platen, lower platen, flexible bands, knee, and others.
road traffic laws;Understand road traffic laws and the rules of the road.
edit greeting card sentiments;Edit original sentiments to make them fit a specific greeting card.
assess animal nutrition;Assess the nutrition status of animals, diagnose dietary imbalances and prescribe correction.
history of literature;The historical evolution of forms of writing that are meant to entertain, educate or to give instructions to the audience, such as fictional prose and poems. The techniques used to communicate these writings and the historical context in which they were written.
moor vessels;Follow standard procedures to moor vessels. Manage communication between the ship and the shore.
perform detailed food processing operations;Perform precise food processing operations with great attention and detail to all steps in the creation of a qualitative product.
manufacture of electrical wire products;The assembly processes and manufacturing steps taken to fabricate insulated electrical wire and cable, made from steel, copper, or aluminium.
take samples during autopsy;Collect samples from the deceased body such as bodily fluids and tissues for clinical examination, transplant purposes or research.
maintain contractual information;Update contractual records and documentation by periodically reviewing them.
product usage risks analysis;The methods to analyse product associated risks, in possible customer environment, their magnitude, consequences and likely outcomes in order to mitigate them by warning messages, safety instructions and maintenance support.
animal welfare legislation;The legal boundaries, codes of professional conduct, national and EU regulatory frameworks and legal procedures of working with animals and living organisms, ensuring their welfare and health.
follow an environmental friendly policy while processing food;Assure an environmental-friendly policy when working with natural resources like meat, fruits and vegetables. This means handling resources in the most efficient and nature-friendly way while trying to minimalise pressure on the ecosystem.
reduce environmental impact of footwear manufacturing;Assess the environmental impact of footwear manufacture and minimise environmental risks. Reduce environmentally harmful work practices in different stages of the footwear manufacturing.
compile GIS-data;Gather and organise GIS-data from sources such as databases and maps.
advise customers on audiology products;Guide customers on how to use and maintain audiology products and accessories for optimal results.
comply with schedule;"Work and complete tasks as scheduled; perform the necessary work activities to successfully complete the task within the timeframe allocated."
think proactively to secure sales;Convince potential customers to purchase vehicle and proactively sell them optional products such as seat protection.
make decisions regarding plant propagation;Decide on issues regarding business management and further advice for the cultivation of crops and plants.
prepare sandwiches;Make filled and open sandwiches, paninis and kebabs.
film production process;The various development stages of making a film, such as scriptwriting, financing, shooting, editing, and distribution.
phytotherapy;The characteristics, the effects and the use of herbal medicines.
electrical wire accessories;Electrical wire and cable products and accessories, such as electrical connectors, splices, and wire insulation.
milk production process;Managing the milk production steps in production plants such as pasteurising, separating, evaporating, drying, cooling, storing and so on.
ObjectStore;The computer program ObjectStore is a tool for creating, updating and managing databases, developed by the software company Object Design, Incorporated.
watch scenes;Watch raw scenes and shots after shooting to ensure quality. Decide which shots will be used and what needs to be edited.
types of lathe tools;Types of tools used for the lathe machining process such as high-speed steel tools, carbide-tipped tools and carbide insert tools.
recruit employees;Hire new employees by scoping the job role, advertising, performing interviews and selecting staff in line with company policy and legislation.
assist VIP guests;Help VIP-guests with their personal orders and requests.
monitor fisheries;Monitor commercial fisheries to ensure appropriate inventories are maintained.
undertake risk assessment of social service users;Follow risk assessment policies and procedures to assess the risk of a client harming [delelte: to] him- or herself or others, taking the appropriate steps to minimise the risk.
support young victims of sexual assault;Work with children and adolescents in order to encourage them to speak about the traumatising sexual assault experience and gain self-confidence when expressing themselves.
assist with dressing;Aid clients to choose clothes for different occasions, ensure that the chosen clothing pieces are clean and ready for wearing, and help the client with putting them on.
manufacturing of confectionery;Managing the development and production of bakers confectionery, also called flour confections, including pastries, cakes, and similar baked goods.
develop classification systems;"Organise archive or business records; develop classification systems to facilitate access to all information."
inspect engine rooms;Inspect engine rooms to detect the presence of any hazardous materials, and to ensure legal compliance. Inspect the construction of the rooms, the functionality of equipment, the adequacy of room ventilation, and the frequency of maintenance activities.
credit card payments;The methods involving payment done through credit cards.
provide dental administrative post-treatment patient services;Provide patient services post-treatment such as cleaning the patient`s face and mouth, checking the patient`s general condition, assisting patient as needed, relaying instructions on medication and other post-treatment care from the dentist.
manufacture medical devices;Put together medical devices according to company specifications and national and international regulations. Use specialised materials, tools, and machinery to assemble the medical devices. Apply molding, welding, or bonding techniques according to the type of medical device. Retain a high level of cleanliness throughout the manufacturing process.
maintain foil printing machine;Maintain the foil printing machine, which punches out disks of waterproof paper, after which they are pressed on loaded primer cups to seal out the moisture.
paint tyres;Paint the completed and cleaned tyres in order to obtain the finished product.
ensure public safety and security;Implement the relevant procedures, strategies and use the proper equipment to promote local or national security activities for the protection of data, people, institutions, and property.
prepare salad dressings;Make salad dressings by mixing desired ingredients.
tend jigger machines;Tend the jigger machine in order to obtain the specified ceramic endproducts such as bowls, plates or cups.
halal meat;The preparation and types of meat consumable according to Islamic laws such as chicken and cow meat. This also includes the preparation and types of meat that are not consumable according to this law, such as pork and certain parts of the animals bodies like their hindquarters
types of cooktops;Different types of cooking surface, such as gas stoves, induction cooktops and ceramic cooktops. Functional and aesthetic properties of each, their advantages and disadvantages, and price points.
educate on preventing injuries;Educate and advise patients and their caregivers about how to prevent injuries and conditions and improve existing conditions.
maintain wigs;Organise, maintain and repair wigs and hairpieces. Use special shampoos, conditioners and combs. Store wigs in a safe environment.
advise on pregnancy;Counsel patients on normal changes occurring in pregnancy, providing advice on nutrition, drug effects and other lifestyle changes.
operate malt intake systems;Operate malt intake systems where the malt is conveyed or blown into a malt silo or hopper. The grain is then discharged from the hopper into a conveyor. From the conveyor, grain is transferred into a vertical elevator to feed the precision mill.
keep up-to-date with training subjects;Gather the latest information on the subjects of the training process in order to be updated with the required know-how.
adapt to change;Alter ones attitude or behaviour to accommodate modifications in the workplace.
react calmly in stressful situations;"React quickly, calmly, and safely to unexpected situations; provide a solution that solves the problem or diminishes its impact."
manufacture dental instruments;Manufacture dental instruments, using specified materials, components, hand and power tools.
understand spoken Kurdish;Comprehend orally expressed ?Kurdish.
administrative tasks in a medical environment;The medical administrative tasks such as registration of patients, appointment systems, record keeping of patients information and repeated precribing.
clothing and footwear products;The offered clothing and footwear products, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
Chef (tools for software configuration management);The tool Chef is a software program which performs infrastructure configuration identification, control and automation aiming to ease the applications deployment.
maintain inventory of meat products;Keeping track of the inventory of meat products by following stock control procedures.
seismic measurement techniques;Variety of seismic measurement and data-processing techniques. Seismic mapping in two or three dimensions. 
electronic and telecommunication equipment;The offered electronic and telecommunication equipment and products, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
obtain relevant licenses;Comply with specific legal regulations, e.g. install the necessary systems and provide the necessary documentation, in order to obtain the relevant license.
verify distillation safety;"Inspect total amount of oil in storage tanks; ensure safety of distillation activities; ensure compliance to legal regulations."
handle data samples;Collect and select a set of data from a population by a statistical or other defined procedure.
lead hiking trips;Guide participants on a nature walk on foot.
breed geese;Prepare a suitable environment for geese breeding. Select and prepare the appropriate habitats for specific kinds of geese. Monitor the geeses growth and health and ensure correct feeding. Determinate when the geese are ready for trade, consumption or other purposes.
customise software for drive system;Adapt and customise software to the specific machine or application.
operate gear shaper;Tend the machine used to carve out the inner teeth of gears. Choose the appropriate cutter and settings for a specific product according to specifications.
develop mine rehabilitation plan;Develop a mine rehabilitation plan during or after the mine closing process.
splice cable;Join and weave electric and communications cable and trunk lines together.
perform mortuary facility administration;Implement the day-to-day running of the mortuary service by ensuring the instruments are clean and sterile, placing the bodies into cold storage departments, tracking the samples of the deceased and keeping accurate records related to the activities in the mortuary room.
financial statements;The set of financial records disclosing the financial position of a company at the end of a set period or of the accounting year. The financial statements consisting of five parts which are the statement of financial position, the statement of comprehensive income, the statement of changes in equity (SOCE), the statement of cash flows and notes.
GIMP (graphics editor software);The computer program GIMP is a graphical ICT tool which enables digital editing and composition of graphics to generate both 2D raster or 2D vector graphics. It is developed by The GIMP Development Team.
automated analysers in the medical laboratory;The methods used to introduce samples into the laboratory instrument that analyses biological samples for diagnosis purpose.
lay non-interlocking roof tiles;Lay roof tiles that dont interlock, such as traditional slate tiles or asphalt shingles. Take care to provide the right overlap between the tiles, taking into account local weather conditions and roof slope.
tend pug mills;Tend the pug mill by adjusting the controls in order to mix, extrude or deposit the clay charges according to specifications.
community education;Programs targeting the social development and learning of individuals in their own community, through a variety of formal or informal education methods.
ensure integrity of hull;"Ensure sure that water does not break through the hull; prevent progressive flooding."
assess the course of breast-feeding period;Evaluate and monitor the breast-feeding activity of a mother to her newly born child.
identify customer objectives;Identify individual motives resulting in short, medium and long term fitness goals.
tend to guests with special needs;Ensure that disabled guests have access to the venue.
international financial reporting standards;The set of accounting standards and rules aimed at companies listed in the stock exchange which are required to publish and disclose their financial statements.
support the positiveness of youths;Help children and young people to assess their social, emotional and identity needs and to develop a positive self image, enhance their self esteem and improve their self reliance.
coordinate government activities in foreign institutions;Coordinate the activities of the home countrys government in foreign institutions, such as decentralised government services, resource management, policy management, and other government activities.
take care of personal appearance;"Project the correct professional image by ensuring personal appearance is always of the highest standard. Select proper outfit and overall image and outlook; make daily efforts to build a good impression."
government social security programmes;The different areas of social security provided by the government, the different rights which citizens have, which benefits are available, the rules which regulate social security and the different situations in which they apply.
keep airport drainage systems functional;Keep all the drainage systems in the airport functional - especially those in the runways. Aim to prevent the formation of standing water, ponds, and puddles.
extract materials from furnace;Remove materials from the furnace using a crane, a conveyor, by tilting the furnace, or using other methods.
operate offset printing machine;"Operate controlling and exposure units of the offset printing machine, set the laser exposure unit; and tend the development line."
write Montenegrin;Compose written texts in Montenegrin.
operate heat treatment furnace;Operate or tend furnaces such as gas, oil, electric to heat treat castings in order to reach the correct mechanical properties. Adjust furnace controls to heat parts the prescribed time to the right temperature.
advise on grape quality improvement;Advise on methods and procedures to improve the quality of grapes.
create banking accounts;Opens new banking accounts such as a deposit account, a credit card account or a different type of account offered by a financial institution.
dispose of non-hazardous waste;Dispose of waste materials which pose no risk to health and safety in a manner which complies with recycling and waste management procedures.
ornithology;The scientific field of biology that studies birds.
assess radiation response;Analyse the patients response to radiation treatment and determine the course of action to be taken such as interrupting the treatment.
plan public housing;Plan the construction of public housing while adhering to architectural regulations and urban planning principles.
dispatch order processing;Pack and deliver the packed goods to a shipping carrier.
demonstrate professional attitude to clients;Demonstrate responsibility and professional duty of care to clients which will include communication skills and a focus of customer care orientation.
age furniture artificially;Use various techniques such as sanding, denting, painting and others to make new furniture look distressed and aged.
analyse oil operations data;"Record and process oil operating data; comprehend and analyse documents, instruments and data results of laboratory analyses."
transport construction supplies;Bring construction materials, tools and equipment to the construction site and store them properly taking various aspects into account such as the workers safety and protection from deterioration.
restrict access to crime scene;Restrict public access to a crime scene by marking boundaries and ensuring officials are stationed to inform the public of access restriction and respond to potential attempts at crossing the boundaries.
apply deep tissue massage;Apply precise techniques and pressures to bring changes to specific tissue layers in the body.
inspect worn tyres;Evaluate the worn tyres and check at possible damages (cuts, cracks, etc) in order to determine possible retread.
create new movements;Play with movement components and structure the technique of the new code.
use food preparation techniques;Apply food preparation techniques including the selecting, washing, cooling, peeling, marinating, preparing of dressings and cutting of ingredients.
microelectronics;Microelectronics is a subdiscipline of electronics and relates the study, design, and manufacture of small electronic components, such as microchips.
manipulate puppets;Manipulate puppets by the use of strings, rods, wires, electronics or directly by his or her own hands placed inside the puppet or holding it externally, so as to create the illusion of life.
supervise camp operations;Oversee the daily operations of a camp including guest departures and arrivals, cleanliness of washing facilities and the provision of food, drinks or entertainment.
teach space science;Instruct students in the theory and practice of space science, more specifically in astronomy, aerospace engineering, astrobiology, space archaeology, and astrochemistry.
apply desktop publishing techniques;Apply desktop publishing techniques to create page layouts and typographic quality text.
administer debtors assets;Manage the property owned by a debtor in the case of bankruptcy and exert the power of disposition if necessary.
manage tender processes;Organise the process of writing and designing proposals or bids for tenders.
financial forecasting;The tool used in performing fiscal financial management to identify revenue trends and estimated financial conditions.
use X-ray machines;Handle X-ray machines in order to screen suitcases or boxes.
arrange parent teacher meeting;Set up joined and individual meetings with students parents to discuss their childs academic progress and general well-being.
equine dental diseases;Prevention, diagnosis and treatment of dental diseases for horses.
consultation;The theories, methods and concepts related to consultation and communication with clients.
sell tourist packages;Exchange tourist services or packages for money on behalf of the tour operator and manage transportation and accommodation.
advise on homologation procedure;Advise vehicle manufactures on the procedures involved in requesting type-approval certificates for a vehicle, a component or a set of components. Provide support in submitting technical documentation to the approval authority and follow up on application results. Provide assistance during inspections and conformity of production controls and support the manufacturer in issuing a certificate of conformity.  
tend notching machines;Tend the notching machine by adjusting the wheel and starting the process of making V-belts flexible.
advise on animal purchase;Advise clients and customers on the purchase of animals.
hardware components;The essential components that make up a hardware system, such as liquid-crystal displays (LCD), camera sensors, microprocessors, memories, modems, batteries and their interconnections.
apply supports for spinal adjustment;Apply supports such as braces, straps, tapes, bandages and shoe inserts in order to treat and relieve the patient`s pain.
deliver social services in diverse cultural communities;Deliver services which are mindful of different cultural and language traditions, showing respect and validation for communities and being consistent with policies regarding human rights and equality and diversity.
inspect recycling procedures;Inspect the implementation of waste management and recycling procedures in an organisation, and the applicable legislation, in order to ensure compliance.
provide spiritual counselling;Assist individuals and groups seeking guidance in their religious convictions, or support in their spiritual experience, so that they are affirmed and confident in their faith.
clean train interiors;Use cleaning techniques such as sweeping, dusting and vacuuming to clean railway cars. Undertake more extensive cleaning by washing and shampooing the upholstery and carpets or floor of the train.
formulate cosmetic products;Formulate and design complex cosmetic products from concept to finish.
organise irrigation;Plan and assist with irrigation scheduling and operation.
develop prop effects;Work with creative personnel to design special effects involving props using mechanical or electrical devices. Advise on feasibility and develop the needed prop effects.
operate railway vehicles;Drive railroad vehicles or other railway equipment in a competent and safe manner.
write Japanese;Compose written texts in Japanese.
implement ICT coding conventions;Apply guidelines for ICT programming techniques, such as conventions, code design patterns and practices to achieve higher security, reliability, better readability and maintenance of the product.
conduct public relations related to the activities of a charity;Raise awareness of the work and activities of the charity by liasing with the media and other stakeholders, writing press releases, organising press conferences and events, and increasing the charity`s presence on social media.
oversee mine planning activities;Direct, control and examine mine planning and surveying staff and activities.
manage the customer experience;Monitor, create and oversee customer experience and perception of brand and service. Ensure pleasant customer experience, treat customers in a cordial and courteous manner.
attend rehearsals;Attend rehearsals in order to adapt sets, costumes, make-up, lighting, camera set up, etc.
psychiatric disorders;The characteristics, causes and treatment of psychiatric disorders.
communicate with external laboratories;Communicate with the external analytical laboratories in order to manage the required external testing process.
Romanian;The Romanian language. Romanian is an official and working language of the EU.
ensure rail tracks remain clear;Ensure removal of all obstacles, snow and any other debris from railway tracks, rail switches, etc., to ensure maximum rail safety and functionality.
aquaculture reproduction;The techniques used to induce spawning, spawning on nests, stripping using appropriate techniques for specific species of fish, molluscs, crustaceans and others. The environmental control of spawning, the use of hormones to induce reproduction and the broodstock recruitment by genetic selection.
test electromechanical systems;Test electromechanical systems, machines, and components using appropriate equipment. Gather and analyse data. Monitor and evaluate system performance and take action if needed.
help clarify how various components work together;Evaluate the degree to which the components of the artistic work are harmonised. Look for solutions when needed and propose adjustments.
collect samples for analysis;Collect samples of materials or products for laboratory analysis.
personnel planning in emergency response;Planning of personnel to be dispatched to emergency locations in either medical, fire or police operations.
political campaigning;The procedures involved in conducting a successful political campaign, such as the specific research methods, promotional tools, liaising with the public, and other strategic aspects concerning the organising and conducting of political campaigns.
prepare sound equipment on stage;Set up, rig, connect, test and tune audio equipment on stage.
animal production science;Animal nutrition, agronomy, rural economics, animal husbandry, hygiene and bio-security, ethology, protection and herd health management.
support managers;Provide support and solutions to managers and directors in regards with their business needs and requests for the running of a business or the daily operations of a business unit.
perform financial risk management in international trade;"Evaluate and manage the possibility of financial loss and non-payment following international transactions, in the context of foreign exchange market; apply instruments like letters of credit."
participate in health personnel training;Participate in the practical training of health personnel on the basis of the knowledge and skills acquired.
carry out navigational calculations;Solve mathematical problems to achieve safe navigation.
perform tobacco leaves conditioning;Process tobacco to ensure that it retains elasticity by passing it through a controlled environment at the right temperature and humidity levels.
liaise with government officials;Consult and cooperate with government officials who handle matter that is relevant to you or your business.
assess informational needs;Communicate with clients or users in order to identify which information they require and the methods with which they can access it.
search engines;The methods and techniques to navigate search engines and find information quickly.
develop weight loss schedule;Draft a weight loss schedule for you client that they have to abide by. Divide the ultimate goal into small goals in order to keep the client motivated and the target reachable.
C#;The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in C#.
undertake navigation safety actions;Recognise unsafe situations and perform follow-up actions according to the safety regulations. Immediately warn ship management. Use personal protective and rescue equipment.
woodworking tools;The various tools used to process wood, such as planers, chisels and lathes.
use wood carving knives;Use specialised and custom made knives, gouges, and chisels to carve out and cut objects from wooden or paper surfaces.
drive tunnel boring machine;Steer the tunnel boring machine based on input from navigation devices. Operate the hydraulic rams in a timely and precise manner to stay on course.
electroplating;The process of plating together different types of metals through hydrolysis, silver plating, chromium plating, or copper plating. Electroplating allows for the combination of different metals with different properties in product manufacturing.
perform inspections of food-processing plants;Perform inspection activities at an abattoir or at a group of miscellaneous meat processing or handling establishments. Inspect establishments engaged in slaughtering livestock and processing meat. Examine animal and carcass before and after slaughtering to detect evidence of disease or other abnormal conditions. Determine that ingredients used in processing and marketing meat and meat products comply with governmental standards of purity and grading.
inspect wood materials;Carry out a thorough inspection of wood material using appropriate methods, instruments, tools, and other apparatus.
provide training on technological business developments;Give training to colleagues on the technological innovation projects and functional implementations in a business which improves the organisations business efficiency.
lead a team in forestry services;Direct a forestry team or crew and guide them to the common goal of completing a variety of forestry related assignments and tasks.
install temporary audience accommodation;Place audience accommodation, fixing it into place with a scaffolding system if required.
six sigma methods;Six Sigma is a methodology to manage processes increasing the performance and decreasing process variations. The ultimate goal of this methodology is to reduce defects and improve the quality of products and services.
promote products in advertisements;Participate in advertisements by displaying clothes, accessories, beauty products, and other products. Listen to the directions of the photographer or director.
produce impressions for ear moulds;Produce an impression of the ear for an ear mould, also adjusting the mould accordingly.
drug administration regulations;The rules and regulations of the European legislations and of the Food and Drugs Administration regarding clinical trials and drug development.
adopt ways to reduce negative impact of consumption;Apply principles, policies and regulations aimed at environmental sustainability, including the reduction of waste, energy and water consumption, the reuse and recycling of products, and the engagement in the sharing economy.
plan space satellite missions;Plan missions to either launch, release, or capture satellites in orbit. Plan launch windows for each one of these activities and the steps required for a successful mission, such as preparation of launch sites, and agreements with launch partners.
recycle livestock manure;Apply livestock manure management techniques at appropriate application windows to recycle livestock manure as organic nutrients for soil and lower the impact on the environment.
teach public speaking principles;Instruct clients or students in the theory and practice of speaking in front of an audience in a captivating manner. Provide coaching in public speaking subjects, such as diction, breathing techniques, analysis of the space, and speech research and preparation.
operate telehandler;Transfer materials in a construction environment by using a telescopic handler.
design principles;The elements used in design such as unity, scale, proportion, balance, symmetry, space, form, texture, colour, light, shade and congruence and their application into practice.
landscape architecture;The principles and practices used in the architecture and design of outdoor areas.
prepare artificial plant displays;Prepare the artificial plants and other materials according to requirements. Set up, install and maintain artificial plant displays.
craft ornamental plastering;Create ornaments from plaster to adorn walls and ceilings. Craft medallions, cornices and wall panels directly on the surface or at a workshop.
write Icelandic;Compose written texts in Icelandic.
create training materials;Develop and compile training items and resources according to didactical methods and training needs and using specific types of media.
handle chemicals for clean in place;Manage suitable quantities and types of cleaning chemicals (CIP) needed in the process of food and beverage production.
plan water resource development;Monitor rainfall and the use of water in order to organise water resource development.
paint with a paint gun;Use a paint gun to coat or paint surfaces of items which are stationary or moving on a conveyor belt. Load the equipment with the suitable type of paint and spray the paint onto the surface in an even and controlled manner to prevent paint from dripping or splashing.
production scale fermentation;Large-scale fermentation used for ethanol production which is further used in productions such as food, pharmaceuticals, alcohol or gasoline production.
move animals;Move grazing animals between pastures to ensure that they have enough fresh grass to eat.
understand written Lithuanian;Read and comprehend written texts in Lithuanian.
spot other climbers;Attend to another climbers safety and climbing progress. Belay them, shortening the amount of rope between them and the next anchor or giving slack if the climber needs to perform a manoeuvre. Communicate and coordinate with the climber.
maintain psychological well-being;Be able to avoid threats to psychological well-being, for example while using digital technologies, including the maintenance of a healthy work-life-learn balance.
work safely with machines;Check and safely operate machines and equipment required for your work according to manuals and instructions.
board aircraft passengers;Check passenger boarding passes and identity documents before they board a plane.
understand spoken Chinese;Comprehend orally expressed Chinese.
handle frozen semen;Correctly identify, carefully handle and thaw the straws of frozen semen that have been kept in liquid nitrogen storage.
local waters of the port;Know the local waters of ports and the most efficient routes for the navigation of different types of vessels into docks.
tend sugar refinery equipment;Control semiautomatic refinery equipment to convert starch into sugars and concentrate sugars to required density.
tend fibreglass machine;Tend the machine used to create fibreglass products such as lawn furniture or boat hulls by spraying molten glassfibre.
develop the physical language;Analyse and improve the choreographic movements and physical language, following the directions of the choreographer, scene director, etc.
assemble costume parts;Assemble cutout costume parts manually or by operating a sewing machine.
select coquille types;Select the appropriate coquille types and coquille sizes.
crop production principles;Principles in growing crops, the natural cycle, nursing of nature, growth conditions and principles of organic and sustainable production. Quality criterias and requirements of seeds, plants and crop.
project commissioning;Process of supervising the correct functioning of systems, buildings or plants during the final stages before deployment.
orthodontics;The prevention or correction of irregularities of the teeth by examining, diagnosis and treating dental malocclusions and oral cavity anomalies, usually through the application of dental braces.
ensure compliance with company regulations;Guarantee that employees activities follow company regulations, as implemented through client and corporate guidelines, directives, policies and programmes.
tend CNC milling machine;Tend a computer numerical controlled (CNC) milling machine designed for cutting manufacturing processes on metal, wooden, plastic materials and others, monitor and operate it, according to regulations.
binding technologies;The methods to fix paper materials together and enclose them in a cover such as case binding, sewing, adhesive binding, comb binding, and spiral binding.
handle saw securely;Store, carry, and protect the saw, thereby using cases, sheaths, and blade guards.
meet the requirements of legal bodies;Ensure the practice methods and procedures used are in compliance with the regulations and requirements of the legal governing authority in the field.
think creatively about food and beverages;Generate innovative and creative ideas to come up with new recipes, preparations of food and beverages and new ways to present the products.
inspect cylinders;Inspect the cylinders for leaks by brushing or spraying chemical solutions.
cook seafood;Prepare seafood dishes. The complexity of the dishes will depend on the range of seafood used and how they are combined with other ingredients in their preparation and cooking.
perform mathematical calculations in pest management;Make calculations to prepare the appropriate dose of pest control substance, in accordance to the surface affected and the type of rodent or insect in question.
produce violin bows;Choose the appropriate materials and tools, build the stick, pad, screw and frog, select and strech the horsehair, and finish the wooden surface.
position anchor poles;Lower and raise the anchor poles, or spuds, of a dredge vessel. Determine the desired position of the spuds and release them. Hoist the spuds back up to change the position of the ship.
meet building regulations;Communicate with construction inspection, e.g. by submitting schemes and plans, to make sure all construction regulations, laws and codes are dealt with correctly.
teach in academic or vocation contexts;Instruct students in the theory and practice of academic or vocational subjects, transferring the content of own and others research activities.
microsystem test procedures;The methods of testing the quality, accuracy, and performance of microsystems and microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) and their materials and components before, during, and after the building of the systems, such as parametric tests and burn-in tests.
protect the health of others;Prevent harm from and support recovery of family members, wards, and fellow citizens, including adequate responses in case of accidents like the provision of first aid.
analyse scanned data of the body;Analyse 3D scanned data for the development of prototypes, of avatars, for the creation of size charts, the garment pattern modification, alteration and manipulation, and for testing fit.
update budget;Make sure that a given budget remains up to date using most recent and most accurate information. Anticipate possible variations and ensure that the set budgetary goals can be reached within the given context.
assemble printed circuit boards;Attach electronic components to the printed circuit board through applying soldering techniques. Electronic components are placed in holes in through-hole assembly (THT), or are placed on the surface of PCB in surface-mount assembly (SMT).
conform with clay thickness;Conform with the specified clay thickness by pouring the excess slip from moulds while watching the clay level through the mould opening.
fishing gear;Identification of the different gear used in capture fisheries and their functional capacity.
inspect facility sites;Inspect the land of a possible construction site for distribution facilities by measuring and interpreting various data and calculations by using the appropriate equipment. Check if the field work is conform with plans and specifications.
prepare fish treatment plan;Prepare health treatment plans to meet specific fish disease requirements.
coordinate sale of video and motion picture production products;Coordinate the selling of movies and television series on different media such as DVD, BluRay, in cinema theatres, and others so they reach the target audience.
manage profitability;Regularly review sales and profit performance.
advise on pollution prevention;Advise individuals and organisations on the development and implementation of actions which aid in the prevention of pollution and its related risks.
implement airside safety procedures;Apply a series of airfield safety rules and procedures to ensure a safe working environment for airport crew.
apply latest sport science findings;Identify and apply the latest findings of sport science in the area.
handle registered mail;File undelivered registered mail. Check identity documents of customers coming to retrieve them. Secure signatures.
attach pendulums;Attach clock pendulums to the pendulum guide behind the face of the clock.
assist passengers in emergency situations;"Assist train passengers in emergency situations, following specific procedures to ensure their safety; minimise the damage that unexpected situations may cause."
advise patients on infectious diseases when travelling;Inform and prepare patients who are about to travel to areas with high infection rates, administering immunisations and instructing patients on prevention and treatment of infections and infectious diseases.
apply systemic design thinking;Apply the process of combining systems thinking methodologies with human-centred design in order to solve complex societal challenges in an innovative and sustainable way. This is most often applied in social innovation practices that focus less on designing stand-alone products and services to designing complex service systems, organizations or policies that bring value to the society as a whole.
give interviews to media;Prepare oneself according to the context and the diversity of media (radio, television, web, newspapers, etc.), and give an interview.
respond to healthcare users extreme emotions;React accordingly when a healthcare user becomes hyper-manic, panicky, extremely distressed, agressive, violent, or suicidal, following appropriate training if working in contexts where patients go through extreme emotions regularly.
document project progress;Record the project planning and development, the work steps, the required resources and the final results in order to present and keep track of the realised and ongoing projects.
radiation physics in healthcare;The radiation physics related to conventional radiology, CT, MRI, ultrasound, diagnostic nuclear medicine and their principles such as areas of application, indications, contraindications, limitations and radiation hazards.
increase the impact of science on policy and society;Influence evidence-informed policy and decision making by providing scientific input to and maintaining professional relationships with policymakers and other stakeholders. 
design cider recipes;Designs cider recipes taking into account the type of apples, the fermentation time, the ingredients, the blending, and any other critical point during the production process.
medical statistics;The methods used to summarise, collect, present, and interpret data in medical practice. The use of the obtained data to estimate and test hypotheses in the medical field.
cavity optomechanics;Subset of physics that focuses on the interaction between mechanical objects and light. The focus predominantly lies on the amelioration of radiation pressure interaction between matter from the optical resonators or cavities and the light or photons.
comparative literature;Science that adopts a transnational perspective to study the similarities and differences between various cultures in the field of literature. The topics may also include comparisons between different artistic media such as literature, theatre, and film.
develop personalised massage plan;Determine the massage treatment to be applied based on the medical diagnosis, the prescription plan, and according to the condition of the patient.
operate record press;Operate the steam-hydraulic press that moulds plastic compounds into phonograph records. They can also be used for the pressing of handmade paper.
control flow of oils;Adjust controls to regulate flow of oils through lines and tanks.
manage healthcare users data;Keep accurate client records which also satisfy legal and professional standards and ethical obligations in order to facilitate client management, ensuring that all clients data (including verbal, written and electronic) are treated confidentially.
position V-belts on covering machine;Position the V-belts on the covering machines` pulleys, raising them in order to keep the belt taut.
multimodal transport logistics;Understand logistics and multimodal transport as the planning and control of the movement of goods or people, and all related logistical supporting activities.
control food safety regulations;Implement strict control of food safety standards ensuring production, transportation, storage or livestock breeding is according to law and regulations.
operate raw mineral separation equipment;Operate a variety of machinery used to separate raw mineral for further processing based on size of particles or chemical composition. Work with screens, flotation cells, spirals, jigs, drums and cyclones.
perform with motion capture equipment;Wear motion capture equipment while performing in order to provide multimedia artists with live material so that their animated creations resemble real movements, facial expressions, dance movements, or sports movements.
manage advocacy strategies;Oversee and lead processes of a strategic advocacy plan. This includes brainstorming regularly with the team about plan formulation.
place orders for household equipment;Depending on stock availability, order pieces of furniture and other household appliances and equipment.
manage ICT data architecture;Oversee regulations and use ICT techniques to define the information systems architecture and to control data gathering, storing, consolidation, arrangement and usage in an organisation.
rewrite musical scores;"Rewrite original musical scores in different musical genres and styles; change rhythm, harmony tempo or instrumentation."
provide medication information;Provide patients with information about their medication, possible side effects, and contra-indications.
provide support to veterinary clients;Assist clients seeking veterinary treatment and during the provision of veterinary services. Aid clients with the care of their animals by demonstrating care techniques and use of veterinary products. Provide support during difficult situations.
monitor rubber processing conditions;Oversee the production parameters and conditions, making sure the rubber products quality is as expected.
manage data, information and digital content;Organise, store and retrieve data, information and content in digital environments. Organise and process them in a structured environment.
prevent technical problems with stage equipment;Anticipate possible problems with mechanical and electromechanical stage equipment.
contextualise records collection;Comment, describe, and provide context for the records in a collection.
process of animal fat purification;Process of animal fat purification whereby animal fats are processed by repeated melting over water or bleaching by chemicals for the removal of small solid particles.
MySQL;The computer program MySQL is a tool for creating, updating and managing databases, currently developed by the software company Oracle.
position sole plates;Set the sole plates, wooden boards on which a scaffolding structure rests. Level, smooth, or dig into the ground in the determined locations and set a sole plate for each base plate, or for each pair of base plates along the short side of the scaffolding. Compact the earth under the sole plate to ensure stability.
design cloud networks;Apply cloud networking concepts and implement connectivity services of cloud. Given customer requirements, define network architectures on cloud, propose optimized designs based on the evaluation of an existing implementation. Evaluate and optimize cost allocations given a network design, its cloud resources, and application data flow.
prepare extraction proposals;Prepare detailed extraction proposals by putting together subsurface information about extraction site and agreement of partners involved.
estimate value of musical instruments;Identify new or second hand musical instruments and estimate the market value of them based on professional judgment and knowledge of musical instruments, or subject them to estimation by a third party.
identify training needs;Analyse the training problems and identify the training requirements of an organisation or individuals, so as to provide them with instruction tailored to their prior mastery, profile, means and problem.
pharmacovigilance legislation;Regulations used to control and monitor adverse drug reactions at EU level.
somatic integrated modalities;The indications, contraindications and modifications of physiotherapeutic modalities and other manual and therapeutic modalities based on various conditions and situations.
select pattern material;Select the appropriate material, such as a specific type of metal, wood or plastic, for patternmaking in service of casting processes.
press rubberized fabrics;Manually press the rubberized fabrics against the belt using fingers and the awl.
use specialised equipment;Use specialised equipment such as electron microscope, telemetry, digital imaging analysis, global positioning systems, and computer modelling in studies and analyses of production methodology.
operate grinding machine;Start grinding machine and regulate flow of grain from hopper.
manage yield;Ability to conceive a pricing strategy based on understanding, anticipating, and influencing consumer behaviour in order to maximise revenue or profit from a fixed perishable resource from airline resources, such as seats.
medical devices materials;The different materials used to create medical devices such as polymer materials, thermoplastic and thermosetting materials, metal alloys and leather. In the choice of materials, attention must be paid to medical regulations, cost, and biocompatibility.
apply business acumen;Take appropriate actions in a business environment in order to maximise possible outcome from each situation.
interact verbally in Walloon;Communicate orally in ?Walloon.
comply with policies for trolley bus driving;Comply with all official city policies and procedures in the operation of trolley buses in urban areas.
operations department processes;The different processes, duties, jargon, role in an organisation, and other specificities of the operations and manufacturing department within an organisation such as purchasing, supply chain processes, and goods handling.
types of cylindrical grinding processes;Types of processes used for grinding metal workpieces, such as inside diameter (ID) grinding, outside diameter (OD) grinding and centerless grinding.
manage project changes;Manage requested or identified changes to the original project planning, assess the need to implement the changes and communicate them to the different project stakeholders. Update the relevant project documentation.
interact verbally in Romanian;Communicate orally in Romanian.
prepare prescription labels;Prepare prescription labels, select the type of prescription container and attach the prescription labels to the container.
translate strategy into operation;Render strategic tasks into operative level according to the planned timing to achieve planned results and objectives.
business valuation techniques;The processes to valuate the worth of the assets of the company and the value of the business following techniques such as asset-based approach, business comparison, and past earnings.
set up cameras;Put cameras in place and prepare them for use.
food toxicity;The causes of food poisoning and spoilage, and the preservation methods of food products so as to prevent toxicity from customers.
social sciences;The development and characteristics of sociological, anthropological, psychological, political, and social policy theories.
energy performance of buildings;Factors that contribute to lower energy consumption of buildings. Building and renovation techniques used to achieve this. Legislation and procedures regarding energy performance of buildings.
design smart grids;Design and calculate the smart grid system, based on heat load, duration curves, energy simulations etc.
install onshore wind energy systems;Install systems which generate electrical energy through onshore wind energy technologies. Set the turbines on the foundations, complete electric connection, and connect the grids of the wind farm.
confer with library colleagues;"Communicate with colleagues and collaborators; make collection decisions and determine present and future library services to offer."
manage stage effects;Prepare and operate stage effects, preset and changeover the props during rehearsals and live performances.
pack timber products;Ensure that the timber and the timber goods are wrapped or packed conforming to the provide specifications and the schedule agreed upon. Make sure the goods are not damaged during the packing or wrapping process.
support cultural diversity;Take an active role in promoting social justice and confronting discrimination in the workplace based on cultural identity.
glassworking;The process of melting, working and shaping glass to create individual products or pieces of glasswork.
textile industry;Major textile manufacturers on the market of various brands and materials.
identity aquaculture species;Identity major European farmed fish, shellfish and crustacean species.
enlarge negatives;Place negatives under an enlarger so they can be printed on photographic paper.
train employees in mine safety;Organise mine safety training sessions for workers, supervisors and management.
tend bar drawing machine;Tend a drawing machine designed for forming cold or hot metal into bars, monitor and operate it, according to regulations.
follow betting strategies;Develop logical betting strategies to increase profits and reduce losses in betting games and matches.
operational tactics for emergency responses;The characteristics and proceedings of operational tactics for emergency responses especially at major incidents and catastrophes.
advise on eligibility of expenditures;Assess the eligibility of expenditures in projects financed with EU resources against the applicable rules, guidelines and cost methodologies. Provide advice on how to ensure compliance with the applicable European and national legislation.
adjust paper stitching machine;Set and adjust several parts of the stitching machine such as pressure pumps, stitchers for specified length, and thickness of the stitch and trimmer knives to trim three sides of a publication to its required size.
melt wax;Safely heat wax to the correct temperature so it melts and becomes a pliable susbtance.
operate digging construction equipment;Operate and use construction equipment, such as digger derricks, backhoes, track hoes, front-end loaders, trenchers, or cable ploughs.
animal welfare;Universally recognized animal welfare needs as applied to species, situation and occupation. These are:   need for a suitable environment   need for a suitable diet   need to be able to exhibit normal behaviour patterns   need to be housed with, or apart, from other animals   need to be protected from pain, suffering, injury and disease.  
TripleStore;The RDF store or TripleStore is a database used for storage and retrieval of Resource Description Framework triples (subject-predicate-object data entities) which can be accessed by semantic queries.
operate pavement surface friction measuring devices;Operate pavement surface friction measuring devices in order to prevent build up of rubber in the tarmac and maintain skid-resistance properties.
prepare aquatic inventory reports;Prepare inventory reports of sport fishing gear, skiff equipment, boatswains stores at the start of the season and at the end. At the end of the season, thoroughly clean and prepare fishing equipment for storage. Assist the captain in preparing end-of-season maintenance and list items that need attention during the off-season.
carry out financial transactions;Make payments by cheque, electronic transfer or at the bank. Make sure the account number is correct and that all the information is accurately filled in.
trade future commodities;Buy or sell future commodity contracts on the futures market on your own account or on behalf of a customer or institution in order to make a profit.
have spatial awareness;Be aware of your position and the space around you. Understand the relationship of objects around you when there is a change of position.
assess the life cycle of resources;Evaluate the use and possible recycling of raw materials in the whole product life cycle. Consider applicable regulations, such as the European Commissions Circular Economy Policy Package.
place orders for printed paper goods;Communicate with suppliers and place orders for printed paper goods such as newspapers, magazines, books and stationery products for the store.
assess risk in the outdoors;Elaborate and accomplish risk analysis for outdoor activities.
develop criminology theories;Develop theories to explain why people behave as they do in specific situations and why they commit crimes, based on empirical observations and existing scientific literature in the field of criminology.
network marketing;The specific marketing strategy that focuses on direct marketing and the sale of products to acquaintances or people in their network. This strategy also includes the recruiting of other people to be sales representatives and to represent the company.
plastic welding;Methods to join softened plastic surfaces, usually by heating and applying pressure, such as heat sealing, laser welding, high frequency welding and ultrasonic welding.
art-historical values;The historical and artistic values implied in examples of ones branch of art.
set up the coffee area;Set the coffee area so that it is ready and in conditions which follow safe and secure procedures, so that it is ready for the upcoming shift.
manage occlusion;Assess how the teeth of the lower jaw fit to the teeth of the upper jaw, recognising and managing malocclusion, or a bad contact between the teeth.
combined heat and power generation;Technology that generates electricity and captures the heat that would otherwise be wasted to provide steam or hot water, that can be used for space heating, cooling, domestic hot water and industrial processes. Contributes to energy performance.
assemble electronic units;Connect various electronic and computer parts to form an electronic product or device.
design failover solutions;Create and manage a system of backup or standby solution which is automatically triggered and becomes active in case the main system or application fails.
advise customers on vehicles extra services;Suggest optional services and products to customers, such as vehicle accessories or after-sales services.
manage aquatic resources;Collect and select fish or other organisms from the culture environment. Handle, clean and classify the specimen. Prepare for harvesting and transport to the point of sale. Adapt techniques depending on the specific species, the next step in the process, and the final purpose.
record archaeological finds;Take detailed notes qne make drawings and photographs of archaeological finds at the dig site.
water policies;Have a solid understanding of policies, strategies, institutions, and regulations concerning water.
blood collection on babies;The recommended procedure for collecting blood from babies through their heel.
saturate fibreglass mat with resin mixture;Apply plastic resin mixture, by using a brush, to the fibreglass mat. Press saturated mat into the mold to remove air bubbles and wrinkles, using a roller.
oversee the daily train operations plan;"Check the daily train plan and oversee operations according to the trains running in a specific area; be aware of any timetable changes or speed limitations and any line or electrical malfunctions."
train staff in safety procedures;Educate and train team members in the safety procedures relevant to the mission of the team.
address aircraft mechanical issues;"Identify and resolve mechanical issues which arise during flight; identify malfunctions in fuel gauges, pressure indicators and other electrical, mechanical or hydraulic components."
investigate microclimates for buildings;Investigate appropriate solutions concerning microclimate conditions for buildings to ensure responsible energy consumption and thermal comfort. Consider passive design strategies such as daylight, passive cooling, natural cooling, thermal mass, solar heating, and others.
paper chemistry;The chemical composition of paper and the substances that can be added to the pulp in order to change the paper properties, such as caustic soda, sulfurous acid, and sodium sulfide.
develop financial statistics reports;Create financial and statistical reports based on collected data which are to be presented to managing bodies of an organisation.
apply advanced manufacturing;Improve production rates, efficiencies, yields, costs, and changeovers of products and processes using relevant advanced, innovative, and cutting edge technology.
perform green machining;Finish the shaping process of ceramics after forming by performing several green machining operations such as grinding, blanking and punching.
manipulate rubber;Manipulate the shape, properties and size of raw rubber material.
assist in interior plant projects;Assist in or carry out the planting, maintaining, watering and spraying of flowers, hanging baskets, plants, shrubs and trees in interior decorations according to the work description or project
telecommunication trunking;The method of providing network access to many clients while keeping smaller number of connection components by grouping and sharing connection circuits and frequencies.
perform cleaning duties;Perform cleaning duties such as waste removal, vacuuming, emptying bins, and general cleaning of the working area. Cleaning activities should follow health and safety regulations if required.
monitor tree health;Monitor trees for pests and diseases, aiming to improve their health.
research sculpture trends;Research sculpting trends and disruption, in order to keep up with current researches and design evolutions.
manage grant applications;Process and prepare grant requests by reviewing budgets, keeping track of grants distributed or obtaining the right documents.
assess stability of vessels;Assess the two kinds of stability of vessels, namely transversal and longitudinal.
prepare warranty documents for audiology equipment;Compose warranty forms for audio and video devices sold to customers.
arrange printer sheets;Fully arrange or separate a printed products pages on a printer sheet in order to reduce paper waste and printing time by using an imposition proof.
prevent money laundering in gambling;Take steps to prevent the abuse of the casino for avoiding taxation or obscuring the origin of money.
demonstrate games;Explain and demonstrate games and game rules to new players/visitors.
develop biochemical manufacturing training materials;Develop, in collaboration with the relevant persons, training materials in the field of biochemical manufacturing.
provide petroleum engineering support;"Provide assistance during exploration sessions; plan well operations and gather relevant data; oversight and post-well analyses."
provide information on hydrogen;Provide organisations and individuals searching for alternative energy fuels information on costs, benefits, and negative aspects of the use of hydrogen. Inform about what one must take into account when considering the implementation of hydrogen solutions.
conduct interview in social service;Induce clients, colleagues, executives, or public officials to talk fully, freely, and truthfully, so as to explore the interviewee`s experiences, attitudes, and opinions.
dispose of cutting waste material;Dispose of possibly hazardous waste material created in the cutting process, such as swarf, scrap and slugs, sort according to regulations, and clean up workplace.
maintain water storage equipment;Perform routine maintenance tasks, identify faults, and perform repairs on equipment which is used to store wastewater and water prior to treatment or distribution.
operate various kinds of grass maintenance equipment;Operate different kinds of equipment for grass maintenance such as spindle mowers, cutter bar mowers, rotary mowers, and flail mowers.
manage findable accessible interoperable and reusable data;Produce, describe, store, preserve and (re) use scientific data based on FAIR (Findable, Accessible, Interoperable, and Reusable) principles, making data as open as possible, and as closed as necessary.
upgrade firmware;Update basic or integrated software included in devices, network components and embedded systems.
journalistic principles;The theories and guidelines concerning the writing of a journalistic piece, how to capture the readers’ attention, and different ways to present news information. This includes methods such as the inverted pyramid and other narrative techniques to present information.
handle geospatial technologies;Can use Geospatial Technologies which involve GPS (global positioning systems), GIS (geographical information systems), and RS (remote sensing) in the daily work.
training  subject expertise;The topic, content and methods of the training, acquired by doing research and following training courses.
repair sailing equipment;Disassemble, repair and re-assemble equipment and components used for sailing such as sails, ropes and masts.
inspect batches of mixed products;Inspect batches ensuring that they have the correct colours and the correct mix.
perform powers of attorney;Act on behalf of another individual in legal, private and business affairs.
historic development of psychotherapeutic schools;The timeline of the psychotherapeutic schools of practice, their general description, characteristics and fields of application.
general medicine;General medicine is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
provide customised building materials;Design and craft custom-made building materials, operating equipment such as hand-cutting tools and power saws.
report on customers complaints related to toilet facilities;Inform supervisors of the customers complaints related to the toilet facilities and cleanliness and take remedy measures.
firmware;Firmware is a software program with a read-only memory (ROM) and a set of instructions that is permanently inscribed on a hardware device. Firmware is commonly used in electronic systems such as computers, mobile phones, and digital cameras.
manoeuvre bus;Drive a bus in reverse and make turns.
thatch roofs;Cover a roof with thatch, any type of dry vegetation such as straw that is used to create a weatherproof roof. Bundle the material and attach it securely either to the previous layer of thatch, or to a new or stripped roof.
sell gaming software;sell games, consoles, gaming computers and gaming software.
select elements for a composition;Determine and assign elements to compose a music piece. Define melodies, instrumental parts, harmonies, tone balances and time notations.
provide advice on pet training;"Provide suitable customer advice on how to train pets such as cats and dogs; explain training procedures and the use of accessories."
repair prosthetic-orthotic devices;Perform repairs, fix and modify prosthetic-orthotic devices according to the specifications.
inspect construction sites;Ensure health and safety during the construction project by inspecting the construction site regularly. Identify risks of putting people in danger or of damaging construction equipment.
work in a construction team;Work as part of a team in a construction project. Communicate efficiently, sharing information with team members and reporting to supervisors. Follow instructions and adapt to changes in a flexible manner.
adjust filament tension;Adjust the tension of the filament to be wound. Make sure the filament is not so lax as to produce unevenness in the workpiece, or so tight as to introduces deformations in the filament or lower the filament ratio to unacceptably low levels.
manage sound quality;Perform sound checks. Set up audio equipment for optimal sound output before as well as during performance. Regulate the volume during broadcasts by controlling the audio equipment 
perform scientific research;Gain, correct or improve knowledge about phenomena by using scientific methods and techniques, based on empirical or measurable observations.
react acordingly to unexpected events outdoors;Detect  and respond to the environment changing conditions and their effect on human psychology and behaviour.
handle incidents;Handle incidents, such as accidents, emergencies or theft in a appropriate manner according to the organisations policies and regulations.
perform cleaning activities in an environmentally friendly way;Undertake all cleaning duties in a manner which minimises environmental damage, follow methods that lessen pollution and wastage of resources.
application process;The process candidates must complete in order to obtain an academic or professional position, including the techniques that will enhance their chances.
golf;The rules and techniques of golf such as tee shot, chipping and putting.
use artistic materials for drawing;Use artistic materials such as paint, paintbrushes, ink, watercolours, charcoal, oil, or computer software to create artwork.
prevent crop disorders;Advise on how to prevent and limit particular crop disorders with the appropriate methods. Select corrective treatments.
research new ideas;Thorough research for information to develop new ideas and concepts for the design of a specific production based.
automatic cutting systems for footwear and leather goods;The use and description of automatic systems technologies used in footwear and leather goods industry such as laser cutting, knife cutting, punch cutting, mill cutting, ultra-sound cutting, water jet cutting and the cutting machinery such as swing beam cutting presses, traveling head die cutting presses or strap cutting machines.
apply regulations regarding the sale of alcoholic beverages;Comply to government regulations concerning the sale of alcoholic beverages and obtain a license if required.
assess carriers;"Evaluate carrier performance; evaluate strengths and weaknesses, network and infrastructure."
conduct reforestation surveys;Determine  the maintenance and  distribution of seedling . Identify disease and damage done by animals. Prepare and submit notifications, written plans and budgets for reforestation.
parimutuel betting;Betting systems where bets are placed together in a pool.
carry out bibliographic work;"Perform bibliographic work; use computer or printed materials to identify and locate book titles as requested by customer."
manage legal personal issues;Represent clients in personal issues of a legal nature such as trading properties, housing agreements, wills and probate, divorce and alimony requests and personal injury claims.
control systems;Devices or a set of devices that command and manage the performance and behaviour of other equipment and systems. This includes Industrial control systems (ICS) which are used for industrial production and manufacturing.
understand written French;Read and comprehend written texts in French.
handle product separation in the sugar industry;Handling the products separated by centrifuge machines such as wash molasses, mother liquor (syrup), and sugar crystals. Packing the products in different containers depending on their characteristics.
decorate nails;Use artificial nails, piercings, ornaments, or customised designs to decorate customers nails.
put uncut recordings into computer;Put uncut footage and sound into files on the computer.
manage sales channels;Monitor, control and prospect new direct and intermediary ways to bring services and products to the market.
minerals laws;Law related to land access, exploration permits, planning permission and minerals ownership.
identify trees to fell;Identify trees to fell and position machine to fell trees in the required direction, in both clear-fell and thinning.
attack vectors;Method or pathway deployed by hackers to penetrate or target systems with the end to extract information, data, or money from private or public entities.
printing materials;The materials, such as paper, film, metal foils, and glass, on which texts or designs can be transferred by applying ink through direct pressure or with intermediate rollers.
implement customer follow-up;Implement strategies that ensures post-sale follow up of customer satisfaction or loyalty regarding ones product or service.
guide lift car installation;Guide the process where a crane hoists the lift car to the top of the finished shaft and lowers it along the support rails. Communicate with the crane operator during the car installation to ensure correct and safe installation.
address gender-related issues in family planning counselling;Inform the client on gender-related topics related to family planning by encouraging them to decide on their own sexual and reproductive health choices or to bring partners into family planning counselling.
appropriate raw materials for specific spirits;Raw materials, such as grains, potatoes, sugars or fruit which can be fermented to produce a specific type of alcoholic spirits.
receive patient referrals with eye conditions;Receive patient referrals from the eye casualty and neurology departments, eye clinics, general practitioners, health visitors and community clinics.
take and analyse blood pressure;Take blood pressure of a patient and interpret the test result by using medical equipment such as a blood pressure monitor.
entertain guests interactively;Amuse guests of a facility by involving them in amusement activities in order to make their stay more enjoyable and active.
maintain equipment;Regularly inspect and perform all required activities to maintain the equipment in functional order prior or after its use.
create sketches;Draw sketches to prepare for a drawing or as a standalone artistic technique.
guide analysis of a recorded performance;Analyse a preformance video recording by using experts as a model.
perform demanding weldments;Perform difficult welding processes by applying specialised welding techniques in order to join pieces of metal together in particularly challenging cases.
ensure safety of exercise environment;Select the correct training environment and assess risks to ensure it provides a safe, clean and friendly fitness environment and that it will be the best use of the environment in which clients are exercising.
lay tiles;Firmly place the tiles on a surface prepared with adhesive. Adjust their position to so they are flush and evenly spaced. Take care not to disturb the surface. Insert spacers in the joints. When working vertically with heavy tiles, place a supporting piece of timber to prevent slippage if called for. Remove any excess adhesive from the face of the tile.
develop competitive strategies in sport;Create adequate competitive strategies to maximise chances of success in sport.
cross-matching techniques for blood transfusions;The testing methods used prior to a blood transfusion to identify if the donor`s blood is compatible with the blood of a specific recipient.
Metasploit;The framework Metasploit is a penetration testing tool which tests security weaknesses of the system for potentially unauthorised access to system information. The tool is based on the concept of exploit which implies executing code on the target machine this way taking advantage of the bugs and vulnerabilities of the target machine.
build recommender systems;Construct recommendation systems based on large data sets using programming languages or computer tools to create a subclass of information filtering system that seeks to predict the rating or preference a user gives to an item.
internet governance;The principles, regulations, norms and programs that shape the evolution and use of internet, such as internet domain names management, registries and registrars, according to ICANN/IANA regulations and recommendations, IP addresses and names, name servers, DNS, TLDs and aspects of IDNs and DNSSEC.
prepare airport annual budget;Prepare annual airport budget, taking into account factors such as fuel supplies, facilities maintenance, and communications.
assemble moulds;Assemble iron moulds using handtools to hoist and bolt sections.
raisin grapes;The rules and conditions for growing raisin grapes: characteristics of the vine and growing regulations.
grain-for-beverages milling process;Milling process, which combines advanced and conventional wet and dry milling. Milling methods of grain for beverages ensure good husk conservation and optimal grinding of the endosperm, which provide numerous advantages for the brewing process and final products.
review event bills;Check event bills and proceed with the payments.
develop environmental policy;Develop an organisational policy on sustainable development and compliance with environmental legislation in line with policy mechanisms used in the field of environmental protection.
manufacture knitted textiles;Perform the operation, monitoring and maintenance of machines and processes to manufacture knitted products keeping efficiency and productivity at high levels.
handle building materials;"Move building materials and supplies from receiving area to destination area; operate a hand truck or forklift."
electrical systems used in transportation;Understand the functioning of electrical systems, their specifications, and application in operations and systems for the transportation of freight and people.
surgery;The essential procedures in surgical practice such as the principle of safe surgery, the pathophysiology of wound healing, knot tying, tissue handling, retraction and any other instruments and procedures used in the operating room.
social media marketing techniques;The marketing methods and strategies used to increase attention and website traffic through social media channels.
food engineering;Research and development of new foods, biological and pharmaceutical products, development and operation of manufacturing and packaging and distributing systems for drug/food products, design and installation of food production processes.
ensure the appropriate supply in pharmacy;Guarantee the correct distribution of the pharamacy products.
road transport legislation;Know road transport regulations at regional, national, and European level in matters of safety and environmental requirements.
respond to emergency calls for repairs;Respond promptly to clients emergency calls for repairs and troubleshooting of devices.
evaluate the psychological impact of hearing problems;Evaluate how hearing problems affect patients psychologically in their educational, professional or social environment.
evolution of economic forecasts;The ecological and economical changes in society and the way these factors evolved during the past, present and future economic forecasts.
maintain work standards;Maintaining standards of work in order to improve and acquire new skills and work methods.
design solar energy systems;Develop design specifications for solar energy systems and their components. Create checklists for the inspection and monitoring of completed solar installation projects.
transfer coffins;Lift and carry coffins prior and during the funeral service. Place the coffins into the chapel and the cemetery.
ensure sentence execution;Ensure, by contacting the parties involved and monitoring and handling progress and follow-up documentation, that legal sentences are followed as they were issued, such as ensuring that fines are paid, goods are confiscated or returned, and offenders are detained in the appropriate facility.
perform data cleansing;Detect and correct corrupt records from data sets, ensure that the data become and remain structured according to guidelines.
psychological counselling methods;The various psychological counselling, training and coaching methods for persons of all ages, groups and organizations considering medical aspects.
care for the wildlife;Care for the wildlife, trees and plants of the forest and maintain it.
track shipping sites;Track the different shipping sites where packages arrive in order to maintain an efficient distribution system and on-time tracking systems for customers.
manage visual communications;Plan, develop and implement communications based on visuals and images. Analyse the conveyance of messages and their appropriateness for the target group.
develop store design;Develop visual concepts and strategies to promote retail brands, products and services, for in-store design, catalogue design and web shop design.
ensure data protection in aviation operations;Ensure that sensitive information is protected and used only for safety-related purposes in aviation.
clinical biology;Clinical biology is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
write Bihari;Compose written texts in Bihari.
prepare bakery products;Make bakery products such as bread and pasta by preparing dough, using proper techniques, recipes and equipment to achieve ready bakery items, combining with other products if necessary.
install rock movement monitoring devices;Install and operate monitoring devices, such as extensometers to measure deformation and movement, pressure cells to measure stresses and geophones to measure microseismicity.
operate stage movement control system;Operate control systems for stage movement, e.g. flying mechanisms. Use manual or electric systems.
service rooms;Offer room service and, where appropriate, service public areas, including cleaning surfaces, bathrooms, replacing linen and towels and restocking guest items.
apply sports massage;Perform massage techniques meant to address and help recover sports injuries such as sprains, torn ligaments and broken limbs.
hydroelectricity;The generation of electrical power through the usage of hydropower, which uses gravitational force of moving water, and the benefits and negative aspects of using hydropower as a renewable source of energy.
select engraving templates;"Select, prepare and install engraving templates; operate cutting tools and routers."
operate metal detection equipment;Operate the equipment used in the detection of metal products and elements to identify presence in an area and search for potentially dangerous items.
occupational therapy theories;The fundamental theories that underlie occupational therapy practice, occupation-based models, and frames of reference used in this context.
use motivational incentives in addiction counselling;Use questions to motivate the client to change his/her behaviour or undertake treatment or abstinence from substance or alcohol abuse.
inspect construction supplies;Check construction supplies for damage, moisture, loss or other problems before using the material.
facilities management in the organisation;The principles and methods of facilities management as applied to individual organisations, best practice techniques, management implications of outsourced and in-house services, main types of contractual relationships in facility management and innovation procedures.
perform chemical experiments;Perform chemical experiments with the aim of testing various products and substances in order to draw conclusions in terms of product viability and replicability.
prepare optical laboratory activities;Prepare and oversee work scheme and day-to-day activities for the optical laboratory.
commission evaluation;Define evaluation needs, write responses for project proposals, terms of references. Manage tendering, review proposals, and select and onboard evaluation teams, quality assure evaluation process.
prune hedges and trees;Cut and prune trees and hedges in ornemental forms, considering botanical and esthetical aspects.
review insurance process;Analyse all documentation related to a specific insurance case in order to ensure that the application for insurance or the claims process was handled according to guidelines and regulations, that the case will not pose significant risk to the insurer or whether claims assessment was correct, and to assess the further course of action.
identify artistic niche;Find your artistic niche in the market, attending to your strengths in each moment of your professional career.
perform esophagoscopy;Conduct oesophagoscopy to visualise the oesophagus for either diagnostic or therapeutic benefit.
store archival documents;Store and preserve archival documents. Copy archive records to film, videotape, audiotape, disk, or computer formats as required.
podiatric diseases;Field of information which distinguishes different kinds of podiatric diseases and disorders regarding foot problems, injuries and maladies, and how to treat them by using conservative and surgical options.
sell software products;Sell software programs and applications to customers according to their personal needs.
coordinate with tram maintenance department;Cooperate with tram maintenance department to ensure that tram operations and inspections take place as scheduled.
monitor gaming room;Pay close attention to the gaming room and notice details to make sure operations run smoothly and that security is ensured.
tend CNC metal punch press;Monitor and operate a computer numerical controlled (CNC) metal punch press according to regulations.
set up extrusion head;Set up the extrusion head using handtools by installing the required core, rings, die and former.
maintain ground;"Mow grass, rake leaves, and remove fallen limbs and trash. Remove weeds from landscapes in parks, greenways and other properties. Maintain the grounds and landscapes of private clients and businesses. Perform maintenance such as fertilising; spraying for weed and pest controls; planting, pruning and removing trees and shrubs; mow, trim, edge, cut and clean up uncontrolled weeds."
preserve fish samples  for diagnosis;Collect and preserve larval, fish and mollusc samples or lesions for diagnosis by fish disease specialists.
coffee grinding levels;The known levels are coarse grind, medium grind, medium/fine grind, fine grind, super fine grind, and turkish grind. Indication of machinery to achieve product specification. 
prepare work instructions;Organise work methodology and route of action  for new tasks.
merchandising techniques;The selling techniques to attract customers and increase sales.
align components;Align and lay out components in order to put them together correctly according to blueprints and technical plans.
political ideologies;The various political ideologies that represent a set of ethical ideas, principles, symbols, myths and doctrines, followed by individuals, groups, classes or institutions and offer an explanation on how a society should work.
promote sustainable packaging;"Apply safe and healthy packaging policies; maximise the use of recycled or renewable source materials; implement clean production technologies."
perform toys finishing;Put the finishing touches to toys such as painting details, adding embroideries or markings, mounting hair, eyes and teeth.
administer contrast media;Use and administer contrast agents to enhance the visibility of the body in medical imaging.
supervise mine construction operations;Prepare and oversee mine construction operations e.g. shaft and tunnel constructions.
maintain soap production equipment;Maintain equipment by performing small repairs such as replacing stainers.
R;The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in R.
implement fundamentals of nursing;Implement the nursing theoretical and methodological fundamentals and principles, basic nursing interventions on scientific evidence and the resources available.
teach energy principles;Instruct students in the theory and practice of energy, with the aim of assisting them in pursuing a future career in this field, more specifically in maintenance and repair of energy plant processes and equipment.
inspect wearing apparel products;Inspect and test products, parts and materials for conformity with specifications and standards. Discard or reject the ones not meeting the specifications.
use personal protection equipment;Make use of protection equipment according to training, instruction and manuals. Inspect the equipment and use it consistently.
shunt rolling stock in marshalling yards;Shunt rolling stock to form trains in marshalling yards.
develop training programmes;Design programmes where employees or future employees are taught the necessary skills for the job or to improve and expand skills for new activities or tasks. Select or design activities aimed at introducing the work and systems or improving the performance of individuals and groups in organisational settings.
work as a team in a hazardous environment;Work together with others in a dangerous, sometimes noisy, environment, such as a building on fire or metal forging facilities, in order to achieve a higher degree of efficiency while heeding the co-workers safety.
paediatric phlebotomy procedures;The paediatric blood collection procedures related to the age and specificity of the children involved, how to interact with children and their family to prepare them for the blood collection procedure and how to engage with children`s anxiety related to needles.
agricultural business management;Understand business principles behind agricultural production and the marketing of its products.
manage intellectual property rights;Deal with the private legal rights that protect the products of the intellect from unlawful infringement.
set up audiovisual peripheral equipment;Set up audiovisual peripheral equipment such as tripods, cables, microphones, monitors, and others.
install rubber channeling strips;Fix rubber channeling strips around frames of windshields or window glass of motor vehicles to make them watertight and to prevent rattling.
airport lighting equipment;Know various types of lighting systems and airport lighting equipment e.g. low-intensity runway light (LIRL) systems, medium-intensity runway light (MIRL) and high-intensity runway light (HIRL).
advertise new book releases;"Design flyers, posters and brochures to announce new book releases; display promotional material in store."
safety regulations for warehouses;The body of warehouse safety procedures and regulations to prevent incidents and hazards. Follow safety regulations and inspect equipment.
use pneumatic chisel;Operate a pneumatically powered chisel to remove material from a stone workpiece.
hazardous waste treatment;The methods applied in the treatment and disposal of hazardous waste such as asbestos, dangerous chemicals, and various contaminants, as well as the surrounding environmental regulations and legislation.
personal development;The techniques and methods used to improve awareness and identity and develop talents and potential in human beings.
handle chemical cleaning agents;Ensure proper handling, storage and disposal of cleaning chemicals in accordance with regulations.
conduct coffee moisture tests;Test coffee samples for moisture content.
identify market requirements for ICT documentation;Conduct research and analyse the specific documentation requirements of the markets (for instance language, applicable standards or legal requirements and cultural conditions) and derive concrete specifications for ICT documentation development.
inspect event facilities;Visit, analyse and coordinate facilities where an event will take place to assess if it meets the clients requirements.
de-limb trees;De-limb trees ensuring that the quality is within specified limits.
manage operational budgets;Prepare, monitor and adjust operational budgets together with the economical/administrative manager/professionals in the arts institute/unit/project.
communicate clearly with passengers;"Speak clearly in addressing travellers; communicate information related to their itinerary. Make announcements to passengers upon approaching the prescribed destination."
maintain order at scenes of accidents;Maintain order at emergency scenes dispersing crowds and keeping family and friends from touching the patient.
perform transcranial magnetic stimulation;Perform non-invasive electromagnetic stimulation of the brain using a rapidly changing magnetic field, in order to cause activity in specific or general parts of the brain and study the brain`s functioning and interconnections.
be attentive;Pay attention during customer interactions and interpret feedback.
human physiology;The science that studies the human organs and its interactions and mechanisms.
deal with emergency care situations;Assess the signs and be well-prepared for a situation that poses an immediate threat to a persons health, security, property or environment.   
maintain healthcare user data confidentiality;Comply with and maintain the confidentiality of healthcare users` illness and treatment information.
operate paper bag machine;Tend a machine that automatically measures, prints, cuts, folds, and glues paper material to paper bags. Make sure that finished bags are uniform.
assist in transportation of animals;Assist with the transportation of animals, including the loading and unloading of animals, the preparation of the transport vehicle, and maintaining the wellbeing of the animal throughout the transport process.
types of bleach;The range of bleach and others chemicals used to remove the colour from materials in a steam cooking process, adjusting the brightness and colour of the materials.
graffiti removal techniques;Methods, materials and procedures to remove graffiti posts from public surfaces: identifying the surface type and material to be removed, selecting a removal method and chemical substances and applying a protective coating layer.
apply smithing techniques;Apply techniques and use technologies in relation to the various smithing processes, including sculpting, forging, upsetting, heat treating, and finishing.
adolescence medicine;Topics related to the adolescent period of development such as sexually transmitted diseases, unintended pregnancy, contraception, substance abuse, menstrual disorders, acnee, eating disorders.
carry out waste water treatment;Perform waste water treatment according to regulations checking for biological waste and chemical waste.
interact verbally in Hungarian;Communicate orally in Hungarian.
provide user support for electrical instruments;"Provide user support and make recommendations for the use of existing or new electrical devices; assist and provide advice with regard to product maintenance, upgrades and troubleshooting."
petroleum coking techniques;Understand processes used to produce petroleum cokes, or pet cokes, from heavy constituents of petroleum.
apply music therapy termination methods;Decide, together with the patient, on the methods to be used to conclude the music therapy sessions.
work in a land-based team;Collaborate with others in a team for land-based machinery activities regarding services for agricultural production and landscaping.
inspect wind turbines;Perform routine inspections on wind turbines by climbing the turbines and carefully inspecting all parts to identify any problems, and to assess whether repairs have to be arranged.
provide project information on exhibitions;Provide information on the preparation, execution and evaluation of exhibitions and other artistic projects.
advise on tanning treatments;Offer advice to customers on products such as lotions, tanning techniques and protectice eyewear.
read pictograms;Interpret pictograms that indicate characteristics and required measures for handling objects through visual representations.
design digital call to action;Appeal the audience in order to provoke their instant response. Use imperative verb forms in the message such as Visit us now!.
operate road roller;Operate various types of mechanic and manual road rollers, pieces of equipment used to compact surfaces.
tend acidulation tanks;Tend acidulation tanks and equipment to separate undesirable compounds from oils.
work in an aviation team;Work confidently in a group in general aviation services, in which each individual operates in their own area of responsibility to reach a common goal, such as a good customer interaction, air safety, and aircraft maintenance.
unload equipment;Handle safe unloading of equipment in given restrictive conditions.
demonstrate leadership in social service cases;Take the lead in the practical handling of social work cases and activities.
store produced pyrotechnics;Store the produced trays of pyrotechnics sorting them according to the processing date.
check correctness of information;Check if the information contains factual errors, is reliable, and has news value.
types of laminators;The different kinds of laminating machines, such as the pouch, heated roll, and cold roll laminator. A pouch laminator fixes plastic layers on two sides of the paper in a heating and gluing process, where a cold roll laminator uses a plastic roll to coat the paper. The heated roll laminator uses heat rollers to melt the lamination film on the paper with glue.
perform fundraising activities;Perform activities which will raise funds for an organisation or campaign, such as speaking with the public, gathering funds during fundraising or other general events, and using online fundraising tools.
repair door panels;Repair vehicle door panels using materials such as leather, vinyl or plastic.
weigh parts of animal carcasses;Weigh the prepared parts of meat after cutting and deboning them for the next process in the manufacturing of meat products or for direct selling. Tag containers for weight and contents.
model electromagnetic products;Model and simulate the designed electromagnets or products utilising electromagnetism using technical design software. Assess the viability of the product and examine the physical parameters to ensure a successful production process.
diagnose problems with vehicles;Diagnose issues with vehicles and assess the efforts and costs required to resolve them.
integrate scientific findings into music therapy practice;Use the information gathered from various scientific findings and research to feed the daily practice and bring about improvements and innovation in the therapeutic interventions used in music therapy.
install electrical and electronic equipment;Install equipment which is dependent on electric currents or electromagnetic fields in order to work, or equipment to generate, transfer or measure such currents and fields. This equipment includes switchboards, electric motors, generators or direct current systems.
follow-up patients with heart attack;Ensure follow-up care following a heart attack, such as examining the patient at regular intervals.
inspect fire equipment;Inspect fire equipment, such as fire extinguishers, sprinkler systems, and fire vehicle systems, to ensure the equipment is functional and to assess its faults.
types of electronics;The different categories of electronics, such as consumer electronics, medical devices, microelectronics, computers, information and communication equipment, and measuring equipment.
colour grading;The process and techniques for adjusting the colour composition of recorded motion pictures, video images or still images either by hand in a photographic laboratory or digitally.
use e-tourism platforms;Use digital platforms to promote and share information and digital content about a hospitality establishment or services. Analyse and manage reviews addressed to the organisation to ensure customer satisfaction.
segregate raw materials;Segregate into batches the raw materials to be further processed.
write German;Compose written texts in German.
orthopaedic treatment alternatives;The appropriate available non-operative and operative treatment alternatives for common orthopaedic conditions and injuries, the benefits and limitations of each type of treatment as well as any potential side effects or complications of the treatment.
edge banding;The process and different kinds of edge banding strips to cover materials with.
understand spoken Georgian;Comprehend orally expressed Georgian.
fix minor scratches;Fix minor dents and scratches on the surface with touch-up paint or scratch remover.
brush solvent;Brush solvent ensuring adhesion of each ply and strength of tires.
test hardware;Test computer hardware systems and components using appropriate equipment and testing methods, such as the system test (ST), the ongoing reliability test (ORT), and the in-circuit test (ICT). Monitor and evaluate system performance and take action if needed.
perform export of commodities;Use tariff schedules and obtain the right logistics and licenses for the export of different types of products and commodities to foreign countries.
simplify communication in maritime management;Develop programs and procedures that simplify the exchange information between departments and stakeholders in maritime ship operations and management. Facilitate straightforward dialogue between the different actors involved in operations, such as crew, port servants, ship management, regulatory bodies, and clients.
use functional neuroimaging;Use neuroimaging technologies and methods to study the brain functions.
geriatrics;Geriatrics is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
configure plants for food industry;Design plants configuration, including sources and equipment for the food industry so that they can be readily adapted to suit the product range and the process technologies involved. Take environmental and economic aspects into account.
tend soap flake machinery;Tend the machinery and equipment used in soap flake production.
Groovy;The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in Groovy.
install electricity sockets;Install electricity sockets into walls or sub-floor compartments. Isolate all electric cables in the socket to prevent accidents.
develop solutions for harmful behaviour;Conduct research into harmful behaviours such as smoking and develop strategies and methods to help prevent or solve them.
weigh fruits and vegetables;Weigh fruits and vegetables for customers and apply price stickers.
manage online communications;Oversee and supervise communications of a company, entity, or person in online outlets. Ensure that the information being communicated online is in line with the strategy and image aimed to be conveyed.
financial management;The field of finance that concerns the practical process analysis and tools for designating financial resources. It encompasses the structure of businesses, the investment sources, and the value increase of corporations due to managerial decision-making.
wind wires;Wind wires into a wire coil. Wire coils can be used in electrical devices as inductors, transformers, or electromagnets.
clean public areas;Disinfect the areas to which the public has access.
musical genres;Different musical styles and genres such as blues, jazz, reggae, rock, or indie.
provide reports on routine meteorological observations;Provide local routine reports for dissemination at the airport of origin including information on parameters such as wind direction and speed, visibility, runway visual range, cloud volume, and type, air temperature, etc.
manage time in casting processes;Work on castings with the necessary sense of timing in regards to quality, for example when measuring how long moulds must rest before they are used in further casting processes.
administer multi-modal logistics;Manage the flow of products through multi-modal transportation.
social media management;The planning, development, and implementation of strategies aimed at managing social media platforms, the publications, the social media management tools, and the image of organisations in them.
initiate contact with sellers;Identify sellers of commodities and establish contact.
welding techniques;The different methods of welding together pieces of metal using various equipment, such as oxygen-acetylene welding, gas metal arc welding and tungsten inert gas welding.
study fish migration;Perform research and study the fish migration and movement, taking into account the environmental factors such as the influence of water salinity.
stay up-to-date with current events;Inform oneself about current local or global events, form an opinion on hot topics and perform small talks with clients or other relations in a professional context.
programme work according to incoming orders;"Schedule tasks based on incoming work; anticipate the total amount of resources required to complete the work and assign them accordingly. Assess the required working hours, pieces of equipment, and workforce needed taking into account the available resources."
use electronic health records management system;Be able to use specific software for the management of health care records, following appropriate codes of practice.
remove roofs;Remove faulty or otherwise unneeded roofs. Unmount roof elements and accessories such as rain gutters and solar panels. Protect the structure from the elements while the roof is being removed.
aircraft mechanics;Technicalities over mechanics in aircrafts and related topics in order to perform a wide range of repais in aircrafts.
public relations;The practice of managing all aspects of the image and perception of a company or individual among stakeholders and the society at large.
use equipment for safe stowage;Use tools and equipment to perform safe stowage and ensure proper loading and securing of goods.
archaeology;The study of the recovery and examination of material culture left behind from human activity in the past.
collect damages;Collect money which is owed by one party to another or to the government as compensation, as ruled by a court of law.
dressmaking;The craft of sewing clothes and dresses by following a pattern. This includes the assembly of cutout clothing parts.
create a products virtual model;Create a mathematical or three-dimensional computer graphic model of the product by using a CAE system or a calculator.
train staff in quality procedures;Educate and train team members in the quality procedures related to the mission of the team.
hardware testing methods;Those processes in which hardware components or systems are tested, such as the system test (ST), the ongoing reliability test (ORT), and the in-circuit test (ICT).
maintain braking system;Maintain the system that stops motor vehicles and bicycles. Identify problems such as leakages. Make repairs if necessary by using hand and power tools.
prepare deck equipment;Handle a wide assortment of deck equipment, including waterproof marine doors, hatches, winches, pumps, cleats, fairleads, portlights, shackles, swivels, tank top covers, anchors, and bollards. Prepare and organise equipment in the required locations and quantity on board a vessel.
analyse ecological data;Analyse and interpret ecological and biological data, using specialist software programs.
map the mantle of the Earth;Study seismic waves in order to map the mantle of the Earth and detect tectonic movement.
perform street cleaning manually;Clean urban public spaces such as streets by manual means, using brushes, brooms or rakes, as required by the working procedures and when other equipment is not able to do so.
develop craft activities;Develop craft related activities for use with members of the public e.g. face painting, colouring in, mask making. Where possible ensure these activities are linked to relevant educational outcomes.
drill holes in tile;Use a special carbide tipped drill bit to cut holes in tile. Apply masking tape or another appropriate covering material to protect against chipping and to keep the drill bit from slipping. Mark the spot and nick it slightly with a punch. Apply medium pressure to the drill to prevent chipping or breaking.
green space strategies;The authority’s vision on how to use its green space. This includes the goals it wants to achieve, the resources, methods, legislative framework, and time needed to meet these goals. 
Vyper;The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in Vyper.
define set materials;Make set construction drawings, define a proper set building and select painting materials and methods.
apply weaving techniques for wicker furniture;Apply various weaving techniques to form a solid structure or a seating surface by means of interlacing strands, and fix it to the chair frame with different techniques such as drilling holes or using glue.
carry out inventory control accuracy;Implement control procedures and documentation related to inventory transactions.
perform enamelling;Apply enamel paint on surface using brushes.
operate vessel engine room;Operate and maintain the engine room of vessels. Operate the main engine room where the engine and propulsion machinery are located.
instruct kitchen personnel;Give instructions to the kitchen staff by guiding and teaching them and by providing them support before, during and after the service.
manufacturing of metal household articles;The manufacture of flatware , hollowware , dinnerware and other non-electrical utensils for use at the table or in the kitchen.
apply for work permits;Apply for work permits for yourself or for others with the correct authority. Provide all necessary documentation.
assist in loan applications;Assist clients with filling out and managing their applications for loans by providing them with practical assistance, such as provision of relevant documentation and instruction on the process, and other advice such as any arguments they could bring forward to the lending organisation in order to secure the loan.
ventilation systems;The types of mechanical ventilation systems that permits the exchange and circulation of air.
communicate reports provided by passengers;Transmit information provided by passengers to superiors. Interpret passenger claims and follow up requests.
supervise well operations;"Supervise well-site operations and manage the staff, including training and supervision of personnel. Manage a crew that works together as a team; make sure that deadlines are met with in order to maximise customer satisfaction."
manage rivers and streams;Protect and manage rivers and streams as habitats for trout and salmon.
use rigging tools;Employ rigging tools such as cables, ropes, pulleys and winches to safely secure high structures.
tend vats following a nitration process;Tend the vats by neutralising the remaining acids of the nitration process using warm water.
bicycle mechanics;Technicalities over mechanics in bicycles and related topics in order to perform a wide range of repais in bicycles.
attend trade fairs;Attend exhibitions organised to enable companies in a specific sector to demonstrate their latest products and services, study the activities of their competitors, and observe recent market trends.
medical studies;The basics and terminology of medical studies.
research locations for offshore farms;Perform research on-site and using an oceanographic information in order to evaluate different locations which could be suitable for the construction of offshore energy farms, as well as perform follow-up research on the location in order to aid in the development of construction plans.
check durability of materials;Measure and control the categorisation and different levels of durability of specific materials.
clean parts of vessels;"Clean engine rooms and vessel components using appropriate cleaning materials; ensure compliance with environmental regulations."
feed the slate mixer;Feed the mixer conveyor with the specified amounts and colors of slate granules by pulling the levers which allow depositing materials.
applied music therapy;The manifestations, symptoms and causes of illnesses and how they can be treated through music therapy.
help clients cope with grief;Provide support to clients having experienced the loss of close family or friends and help them to express their grief and recover.
maintain adequate medication storage conditions;Maintain proper storage and security conditions for medication. Comply with standards and regulations.
provide care for horses;"Provide care for horses includes cleaning, housing, preparing horses and ponies for riding, fixating and leading horeses, taking into account the safety regulations for horeses and people, specific requirements of horse at hand; using proper methods and equine tools and equipment."
tend centrifuge machines;Operate centrifuge that purifies animal and vegetable oils. Position filter cloth on centrifuge supply tank. Start centrifuge and transfer filtered material from centrifuge into portable tank.
provide clinical psychological support in crisis situations;Offer psychological support and emotional guidance to patients facing crises situations.
use technical drawing software;Create technical designs and technical drawings using specialised software.
work analytically;Analyse information flows to reconstruct messages quickly and precisely. Navigate a language to explain the same sense or feeling in situations where there is no definite word or literal translation.
apply vessel engine regulations;Understand the regulations regarding the vessel engines and apply those regulations in engine maintenance and operation.
fraud detection;The techniques used to identify fraudulous activities.
operate aerial work platforms;Tend mechanical devices that allow momentary access to high, usually inaccessible areas. Ensure your own safety and the safety of surrounding people.
develop physiotherapy services;Develop a safe, effective and efficient quality physiotherapy service.
plastic surgery;Plastic surgery is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
repair damaged paper parts;Remove and replace damaged covers and backs of books and other paper products.
check finished vehicles for quality control;"Perform quality control on finished vehicles; make sure that quality standards have been achieved."
disseminate general corporate information;Answer questions, resolve doubts, and solve inquiries in regard to general institutional and corporate information such as program rules, regulations and procedures. Assist with information to both, employees and public at large.
examine green coffee beans;Examine green coffee beans ensuring that they are all approximately the same colour, shape and size.
disability care;The specific methods and practices used in providing care to people with physical, intellectual and learning disabilities.
aquatic species;The care and maintenance  of aquatic biological species.
drive carriage;Handle a horse-drawn carriage by instructing the horses through use of the reins and spoken commands.
prepare audiologist patients for assessments;Prepare audiologist patients for assessment and consultation. Prepare medical equipment and hearing tests.
automated sprinkler bulbs;The different types of frangible sprinkler bulbs, which are designed to break at a certain temperature to trigger the sprinkler action. The colour codes of the enclosed fluids, signifying the temperatures at which the bulbs break due to the expansion of the enclosed fluid.
analyse network configuration and performance;Analyse essential network data (e.g., router configuration files, routing protocols), network traffic capacity and performance characteristics of ICT networks, such as wide area network and local area network, that connect computers using cable or wireless connections and allow them to exchange data.
direct community arts activities;Devise and deliver participatory community arts activities that protect the health and safety of yourself and participants to be able to draw out the most effective learning. Take into account the whole experience of the art session.
monitor storage space;Supervise and organise the area in which products are stored.
satisfy technical requirements;Take into consideration technical requirements coming from the clients or from the engineers in order to integrate them into the design.
prepare aviation equipment and facilities for training purposes;Prepare aviation equipment and training facilities used to train aircraft pilots, aircraft mechanics, and other aviation professionals.
create digital game characters;Develop a typology of characters for digital games and identify their exact role in the gameplay and the narrative.
provide first aid to animals;Administer emergency treatment to prevent deterioration of the condition, suffering and pain until veterinary assistance can be sought. Basic emergency treatment needs to be done by non-veterinarians prior to first-aid provided by a veterinarian. Non-veterinarians providing emergency treatment are expected to seek treatment by a veterinarian as soon as possible.
use production planning software;Use software that facilitates planning and scheduling in the manufacturing industry and enables the optimisation of resource allocation.
inform on insurance products;Inform customers on insurance-related matters such as current insurance offers, changes in existing contracts or the advantages of certain insurance packages.
monitor pumping system operations;Monitor pump works, ballast, and loading pump systems, alongside tracking the required actions of the pumping crew.
principles of mechanical engineering;Understand principles of mechanical engineering, physics, and materials science.
avoid contamination;Avoid the mixing or contamination of materials.
attend gaming tests;Be in attendance when the technical and live gaming tests are taking place, to receive feedback and make the necessary alterations.
algorithms;The self-contained step-by-step sets of operations that carry out calculations, data processing and automated reasoning, usually to solve problems.
monitor lift shaft construction;Monitor the construction of the lift shaft in a building. Make sure the shaft is straight and structurally sound to support safe operation of a lift.
work in metal manufacture teams;Ability to work confidently within a metal manufacturing group with each doing a part but all subordinating personal prominence to the efficiency of the whole.
LAMS;The computer program LAMS is a e-learning platform for creating, administrating, arranging, reporting and delivering e-learning education courses or training programs. It is developed by the LAMS Foundation.
visual disability;Impairment of the ability to naturally discern and process viewed images.
admit basic metals to furnace;Prepare and select the materials ready to furnace.
conduct costume research;Ensure that costumes and pieces of clothing in visual artistic productions are historically correct. Conduct research and study primary sources in literature, pictures, museums, newspapers, paintings, etc.
manage information access aids;Develop and maintain information access aids such as databases, digital bibliographies, web pages, software programs and online tutorials.
genetics;The study of heredity, genes and variations in living organisms. Genetic science seeks to understand the process of trait inheritance from parents to offspring and the structure and behaviour of genes in living beings.
online gambling;The activity of wagering money or virtual currencies on bets or online gambling games through websites or online software.
hearing loss;The manifestation, causes and symptoms of hearing impairment, which is the partial or total inability to hear.
inspect drainage channels;Maintain and clear gutters, sewer systems, and other water carrying facilities to ensure proper drainage and prevent damage to infrastructure such as roads and railways.
ensure quality control in packaging;Implement and monitor activities so that all requirements of packing procedures and packing standards are met at all times.
participate as observer in different types of audits in the food sector;Participate as an observer in audits for efficiency, safety, environmental, quality, and food safety on a regular basis.
assist physiotherapists;Assist physiotherapists in the process involved in client management.
define data quality criteria;Specify the criteria by which data quality is measured for business purposes, such as inconsistencies, incompleteness, usability for purpose and accuracy.
develop employment policies;Develop and supervise the implementation of policies which aim to improve employment standards such as working conditions, hours, and pay, as well as reduce unemployment rates.
follow written instructions;Follow written directions in order to perform a task or carry out a step-by-step procedure.
use CADD software;Use computer-aided design and drafting software to make detailed drawings and blueprints of designs.
discuss research proposals;Discuss proposals and projects with researchers, decide on resources to allocate and whether to move forward with the study.
organise participation in local or international events;Apply for and secure a place to participate in local exhibitions and competitions.
tune stringed musical instruments;Tune any parts of stringed musical instruments that are off-key, by using various tuning techniques.
prevent technical problems with lighting equipment;Anticipate possible technical problems with lighting equipment.
study topics;Carry out effective research on relevant topics to be able to produce summary information appropriate to different audiences. The research may involve looking at books, journals, the internet, and/or verbal discussions with knowledgeable persons.
keep records of passports;Keep track of the passports and other travel documents such as certificates of identity and refugee travel documents which have been already issued.
ensure passenger comfort;"Ensure the safety and comfort of train passengers; help passengers to get on and off the train using any mechanical aids as necessary. Respond to passengers requests and pursue maximum customer satisfaction."
propose avenues for exploration to generate the artistic content;Propose scenarios where the artistic work can take place.
tend stone splitting machine;Tend the machine which splits concrete stone into building blocks by positioning the stone against the end stops and by depressing the pedal to lower the blade.
prepare containers for beverage fermentation;Prepare containers for beverage fermentation according to the type of beverage to be produced. This includes the qualities that the different kinds of containers can give to the final product.
assess candidates;Evaluate the candidates’ vocational competences, skills and knowledge through tests, interviews, simulations, and evidence of prior learning according to a pre-defined standard or procedure. Formulate summative statements of the displayed competences in comparison to set expectations.
identify plants characteristics;Identify and classify crop characteristics. Be able to recognise different types of bulbs by name, graded sizes, field markings and stock markings.
perform fish grading operations;Gather live fish using techniques which minimise the stress caused to fish and avoid fish escapes occurring. Grade them manually or using equipment. Report on the grading operation, ensuring compliance with specifications.
minimize risks in tree operations;Evaluate risks and hazards, perform efficient actions in order to minimize risks and to restore the trees to their orginal state or to replant new ones.
train field investigators;Recruit field investigators and present them the objectives, context and geographical area of the survey by the use of distribution folders and media inquiries. Organise the delivery of investigators at the site of investigation.
construction product regulation;Regulations on construction products quality standards applied throughout the European Union.
select artistic productions;Research artistic productions and choose which ones could be included in the programme. Initiate contact with the company or agent.
clean food and beverage machinery;Clean machinery used for food or beverage production processes. Prepare the appropriate solutions for cleaning. Prepare all parts and assure that they are clean enough to avoid deviation or errors in the production process.
analyse types of footwear;Identify different footwear types: shoe, boot, sandals, casual, sportive, high-end, comfort, occupational, etc. Characterise different footwear parts considering their function.   Convert sizes from one sizing system to another.
use electrical wire tools;Use tools to manipulate wire which will be used for electrical purposes, such as wire strippers, crimpers, soldering irons, torque wrenches, and heat guns.
transfer quicklime;Transfer the quicklime through the conveyors.
apply music therapy treatment methods;Use various active and receptive intervention techniques in music therapy such as singing, playing instruments, improvising or rhythmic based experiences.
identify processes for re-engineering;Identify potential to restructure a company or part of its operations, e.g. by exploiting information technology.
proxy servers;The proxy tools which act as an intermediary for requests from users searching for resources e.g. files and web pages from other servers such as Burp, WebScarab, Charles or Fiddler.
use tools for castings repair;Construct and repair castings and equipment using hand tools, machine tools, and measuring instruments. Safely carry out emergency or temporary repairs. Take measures to ensure a safe working environment.
check circus rigging before performance;Check the rigging installation for circus acts in order to ensure safe and correct operation.
soil mechanics;Thoroughly understand the characteristics of soil in relation to analysing the deformations of fluids within soil that supports man-made structures.
apply regulations on cargo transport operations;Display knowledge of relevant local, national, European and international regulations, standards, and codes concerning the operation of freight transport.
root cause analysis;Root cause analysis (RCA) is a systematic process for identifying root causes of problems or events and an approach for responding to them.
define energy profiles;Define the energy profile of buildings. This includes identifying the energy demand and supply of the building, and its storage capacity.
cook vegetable products;Prepare dishes based on vegetables in combination with other ingredients if necessary.
oversee equipment operation;Oversee the operation of power equipment. Verify that the equipment is in safe, operating condition.
maintain moulds;Clean and repair moulds, e.g. by smoothening out imperfections on the surface.
conduct workplace audits;Conduct work site audits and inspections in order to ensure compliance with rules and regulations.
controlled substances permits;The legal requirements and licenses required when handling controlled substances.
help healthcare users develop social perceptiveness;Provide strategies and support to healthcare users with social difficulties. Help them understanding others` verbal and non-verbal behaviour and actions. Support them in developing better self-confidence in social situations.
conduct clinical software research;Oversee and undertake the necessary research to succesfully purchase, design, develop, test, train and implement software regarding clinical care and according to health plans guidelines.
electronics principles;The study of electric energy, more specifically electron, control and its prominent principles regarding integrated circuits and electrical systems.
Aircrack (penetration testing tool);The computer program Aircrack is a cracking program which recovers 802.11 WEP and WPA-PSK keys by making several network attacks such as FMS, KoreK and PTW attacks.
locking mechanisms;Types and characteristics of locking devices and key types such as tumble, rotating disc or rotating pin.
maintain rail infrastructure;Inspect rails for cracks and damage, replace worn rails, tighten up loose screws, perform welding work if necessary. Maintain railway embankment, side walkways and drainage installations.
manage gas transmission system;Manage the systems which ensure the transmission of natural gas and gaseous fuels from gas production facilities to gas distribution facilities, through pipelines, ensuring safety of operations and compliance with scheduling and regulations.
manage shipment risks;"Handle risky or dangerous cargo; ensure that that every shipment operation is executed in an appropriate manner; calculate cargo weight; ensure that cranes are correctly positioned; see that containers fit into shipment."
use psychotherapeutic interventions;Use psychotherapeutic interventions suited to the different stages of treatment.
adapt to changing situations;"Change approach to situations based on unexpected and sudden changes in peoples needs and mood or in trends; shift strategies, improvise and naturally adapt to those circumstances."
draft legends;Draft explanatory texts, tables or lists of symbols to make products such as maps and charts more accessible to users.
close circuit breaker;Synchronize incoming generating units with units already in operation. Close the circuit breaker at the exact instant of coincidence between both unit types.
maintain work area cleanliness;Keep the working area and equipment clean and orderly.
advise aircraft in hazardous conditions;Recommend the most effective course of action to assist aircraft in hazardous conditions.
conduct ecological research;Conduct ecological and biological research in a field, under controlled conditions and using scientific methods and equipment.
remove cotton from bale presser;Remove processed seed free cotton from the bale pressers while ensuring adequate quality level of the output.
adjust the performance to different environments;Take the specific environment of your performance into account while performing. Consider integrating some aspects of it into your practice.
perform tree thinning;Removing some trees from a stand in order to improve tree health, timber value and production.
check for solder defects;Check the printed circuit board for solder defects and make adjustments as required.
Codenvy;The tool Codenvy is a platform used to create on-demand workspaces in the cloud where developers can collaborate on coding projects and work together before they merge their work to the main repository.
deal cards;"Deal cards to house hands; compare these hands with players hands to determine winners, in games such as Blackjack. Operate gaming table and deal the appropriate number of cards to each player."
use software tools for site modelling;Use software and other modelling tools to create simulations of and develop scenarios for possible outcomes of site operations. Use the information gathered from simulations and models for analysis and decision making.
repair mobile devices;Replace parts and repair faults of mobile phones, tablets and other small mobile devices.
screw manufacturing processes;The various manufacturing processes performed to produce metal screws, such as cold heading, thread rolling, thread cutting, and others.
analyse apple juice for cider production;Analyse apple juice before fermentation and the cider during and afterwards. Observe how the fermented juice characteristics change from year to year in the same apple varieties. Be aware of the wide range of sugar, acid and tannin levels between apple varieties.
protect health and safety when handling animals;Protect health and welfare of animals and their handlers.
types of aircraft;The various types of aircraft, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
algebra;The subdiscipline of mathematics that uses formulae, symbols, and equations to represent and manipulate numbers and quantities.
repair plastic machinery;Repair broken components or systems of machinery and equipment used for making plastic products or parts, using hand and power tools.
check water pressure;Check the water pressure in a water circulation system, using a built-in gauge or by attaching a water pressure gauge onto a pipe. In the case of a stand-alone gauge, be sure to depressurise the system before attaching the gauge.
dermapathology;The cutaneous diseases at a microscopic and molecular level and the methods to analyse the potential causes of skin diseases at a basic level.
analyse business processes;Study the contribution of the work processes to the business goals and monitor their efficiency and productivity.
present legislation proposition;Present the proposition for new items of legislation or changes to existing legislation in a manner which is clear, persuasive, and compliant with regulations.
artificial neural networks;A network of artificial neurons composed for solving artificial intelligence problems. These computing systems are inspired by the biological neural networks that constitute brains. Understanding of its general model and its  elements. Knowledge of its use possibilities for automation.
build rapport with people from different cultural backgrounds;Understand and create a link with people from different cultures, countries, and ideologies without judgements or preconceptions.
tend surface grinding machine;Tend a metalworking machine designed to smoothen a metal surface by applying grinding, abrasive machine processes, monitor and operate it according to regulations.
follow airport safety procedures;Comply with airport safety procedures, policies and legislation to ensure a safe working environment for all employees, and to ensure the safety of passengers.
post-process of food;The techniques used to prepare processed food products such as meat, cheese, etc.
report test findings;Report test results with a focus on findings and recommendations, differentiating results by levels of severity. Include relevant information from the test plan and outline the test methodologies, using metrics, tables, and visual methods to clarify where needed.
cognitive behavioural therapy;The solution-focused approach to treating mental disorders oriented towards solving problems by teaching new information-processing skills and coping mechanisms.
bake goods;Perform all tasks for baking such as oven preparation and product loading, until the baked goods are discharged from it.
plan surface slope;Make sure the planned surface has the necessary slope to prevent puddling of water or fluids.
iron textiles;Pressing and ironing in order to shape or flatten textiles giving them their final finishing appearance. Iron by hand or with steam pressers.
interact verbally in Danish;Communicate orally in Danish.
operate sewage treatment plans on ships;Operate sewage treatment plants in ships, oversee plant maintenance, understand the mechanical functioning of the machine and comply with regulatory mandates of materials discharge to the sea.
chemical constitution of grapes;"The chemical components of grapes such as water, carbohydrates, acids, alcohols, phenolics, nitrogenous compounds, inorganic substances; the chemical interactions of these elements and how it can give a different personality to the final product, especially during the fermentation process."
pollution legislation;Be familiar with European and National legislation regarding the risk of pollution.
review investment portfolios;Meet with clients to review or update an investment portfolio and provide financial advice on investments.
medical imaging technology;Set of technologies used to creating visual representations of the body interior for the purposes of clinical analysis.
mitigate environmental impact of pipeline projects;Strive to mitigate the potential impact that pipelines and the goods transported in them can have on the environment. Invest time and resources into consideration of the environmental effects of the pipeline, the actions that could be taken to protect the environment, and the potential increase in the costs of the project.
encourage teambuilding;"Stimulate teambuilding activities; coach employees in order to help them reach their goals."
circus vocabulary;The specific terminology related to the circus activities.
read dance scores;Read and note dance scores (if the choreography is notated or is reconstructed from a historical approach).
transportation vehicles for horses;Types of transportation vehicles for horses and their safe methods of using.
inspect supplied concrete;Check the quantity and quality of delivered concrete. Make sure that the concrete will withstand any expected pressures.
manage farm products;Manage the farm products by making contracts with customers and business partners to ensure the optimal production, taking into account the farms production plans and purpose.
monitor quality of confectionery products;"Inspect the quality of confectionery products; ensure optimal hygiene and product quality at all times."
use content management system software;Use software that allows publishing, editing and modifying content as well as maintenance from a central interface.
electrical discharge;Tthe qualities and applications of electrical discharge, including voltage and electrodes.
manage work;Supervise, instruct and plan work for teams or individual members of the team. Set up time schedules and make sure they are followed.
kinetics;The study of movement and its causes.
ASP.NET;The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in ASP.NET.
present legal arguments;Present legal arguments during a court hearing or during negotiations, or in written form after a trial concerning its outcome and sentence, in order to ensure the best possible outcomes for the client or to ensure the decision is followed. Present these arguments in a manner that is compliant with regulations and guidelines and adapted to the specifications of the case.
feed pulp mixing vat;Open valve to admit water into pulp-mixing vat. Weigh and dump specified amounts of different ingredients such as scrap paper, rosin, wax and other binders into the vat. Transfer the mixed slurry to a storage or slurry tank.
maintain laboratory dental tools;Maintain laboratory tools and equipment such as lathes, trimmers, grinders, articulators, and cleaning devices.
estimate profitability;Take various factors into account to calculate the cost and potential revenues or savings gained from a product in order to evaluate the profit that could be generated by the new acquisition or by a new project.
monitor oil rig costs;"Monitor total costs of mining activities, projects and required equipment; pursue maximum operational cost efficiency."
operate vacuum dewatering system;Operate a vacuum dewatering system which applies a vacuum to material in order to remove excess liquid.
select artistic materials to create artworks;Select artistic materials based on strength, colour, texture, balance, weight, size, and other characteristics that should guarantee the feasibility of the artistic creation regarding the expected shape, color, etc. - even thought the result might vary from it. Artistic materials such as paint, ink, water colours, charcoal, oil, or computer software can be used as much as garbage, living products (fruits, etc) and any kind of material depending on the creative project.
high-performance liquid chromatography;Analytic chemistry technique used to identify and quantify the components of a mixture.
ensure compliance with healthcare regulations;Determine whether a healthcare institution is in compliance with legislation and regulations.
take action on food safety violations;"Determine when action related to food safety violations may be required; gather and present appropriate evidence; execute protective measures."
engage with rail stakeholders;Maintain regular contact with stakeholders including railroad networks, other train companies, local authorities, service partners, rail passenger forums, retail outlets etc. in order to permanently ensure a smooth rail service.
study cultures;Study and internalise a culture that is not your own to truly understand its traditions, rules, and workings.
work with different target groups;Work with a variety of target groups based on age, gender and disability.
pesticides sprayers;Types of equipment used to spray pesticides, manipulated both manually, such as hand-operated rotary and drop spreaders, and mechanically.
liaise with geology professionals;Establish relationships with commercial managers, geologists and petroleum engineers.
write leasing reports;Keep written records of leasing agreements.
create a financial plan;Develop a financial plan according to financial and client regulations, including an investor profile, financial advice, and negotiation and transaction plans.
digital camera sensors;Types of sensors used in digital cameras, such as charged coupled devices (CCD) and complementary metal oxide semiconductor sensors (CMOS).
operate radio dispatch systems for taxis;Operate radio dispatching systems for taxi driving activities.
make barrel heads;Use a machine to punch holes in the staves, insert dowel pins into the holes, place the staves on a guide and press them together. Place the assembled staves in the rounder to obtain a circular shape. Finally, coat the edges with liquid wax.
stain wood;Mix ingredients to create a stain and apply a layer to the furniture to give it a specific colour and finish.
repair maritime communication equipment;Repair maritime communication devices as required by using electronic testing equipment.
provide advice on furniture maintenance;Provide information to clients on the products or methods to use in order to maintain the appearance and quality of their furniture, according to its type of fabric or material.
manage quantitative data;Gather, process and present quantitative data. Use the appropriate programs and methods for validating, organising and interpreting data.
citizen involvement in healthcare;The means and methods required to raise the participatory levels of the population in healthcare matters and strenghten their involvement.
"use waterway traffic control systems;";"Operate various systems of waterway traffic control; cooperate with traffic control operators, lockkeepers and bridge, keepers."
maintain crane equipment;"Ensure appropriate maintenance of crane equipment; identify and report damage and malfunctions. Replace worn or damaged components if necessary."
preserve documentation about creative process;Gather and preserve documents related to the creative process such as promotional documents.
adapt teaching to students capabilities;Identify the learning struggles and successes of students. Select teaching and learning strategies that support students’ individual learning needs and goals.
operate seismic equipment;"Move seismic equipment to different locations; utilise seismometers; observe recording equipment in order to detect anomalies and irregularities; process and interpret seismic data both in 2D as in 3D."
work with a dance team;Work with the dance direction and artistic team ensuring smooth cooperation.
sports nutrition;Nutritional information such as vitamins and energy pills related to a specific sporting activity.
comply with the principles of self-defence;Observe the principles according to which a person should only use so much force as is required to repel an attack. The use of deadly force is limited to situations where attackers are using deadly force themselves.
communicate professionally with colleagues in other fields;Communicate professionally and cooperate with members of the other professions in the health and social services sector.
perform wire wrapping;Wrap metal, steel or similar wires around jewellery and connect them to each other using mechanical techniques to create a decorative shape.
diplomatic principles;The practices of facilitating agreements or international treaties with other countries by conducting negotiations and attempting to protect the interests of the home government, as well as facilitating compromise.
mechanical components of vehicles;Know the mechanical components used in vehicles and identify and resolve potential malfunctions.
establish site security routines;Set up security routines on site.
tend tube drawing machine;Tend a drawing machine designed for forming cold or hot metal into tubes, monitor and operate it, according to regulations.
make up performing artists;Use cosmetics on artists for stage performances.
meet contract specifications;Meet contract specifications, schedules and manufacturers information. Check that the work can be carried out in the estimated and allocated time.
mycology;The field of biology that studies fungi.
comply with the planned time for the depth of the dive;Ensure that a diver returns from a given depth after the planned time limit has expired.
arrange event needs;Ensure that event needs such as audio-visual equipment, displays or transportation are met.  
electric current;Flow of electric charge, carried by electrons or ions in a medium such as an electrolyte or a plasma.
analyse personal fitness information;Carry out fitness assessments to establish fitness and skill level and analyse information relating to individual clients.
assess the work during the performance;Evaluate different aspects of the performance, including the work of actors, dancers, musicians and other people involved. Assess the success, by analysing the reaction of the audience, the critics, etc.  Adjust the work if needed, according to chosen factors, production constraints, and other circumstances.
research recycling grant opportunities;"Research litter control and recycling loan and grant opportunities; follow up and complete application processes."
install foam dams on pinchwelds;Fasten new foam dams to the pinchwelds of windshields or window glass of motor vehicles. Remove foam that is not firmly attached or has been affected by any welding operation.
assess the colour curing of tobacco leaves;Assess colour curing of tobacco leaves to determine the stage of curing and aging of the leaf.
spirits development;Processes related to the manufacture of aged and unaged spirits. Under the category of unaged spirits fall vodka and gin. Under the category of aged products fall whisky, rum, and brandy.
mix ingredients with latex;Mix the specified compounds together with latex by using the agitators.
carry out covert security observations;Perform observations in ways that preserve the covert security role, by dressing up, behaving and communicating with other colleagues or authorities appropriately.
source criticism;Process of classifying various informational sources into different categories such as historical and non-historical, or primary and secondary, and evaluating those sources on the basis of their content, material features, authors etc.
education law;The area of law and legislation that concerns education policies and the people working in the sector in an (inter)national context, such as teachers, students, and administrators.
trim excess material;Trim surplus material of fabric such as fiberglass mats, cloth, plastics or rubber.
maintain store cleanliness;Keep the store tidy and clean by hovering and mopping.
outplacement;The services provided to employees by organisations and institutions to help them find new employment.
assess administrative burden;Evaluate the administrative burden and costs related to the management and administration of EU funds, such as managing, certifying and auditing individual programmes and complying with obligations resulting from the applicable regulatory framework.
operate machines for the rubber extrusion process;Operate the extruder machine and the curing press aiming to cure and extrude rubber products.
Occitan;The ?Occitan language.
history of hair styles;The various styles and techniques of doing hair throughout history.
pack electronic equipment;Safely pack sensitive electronic equipment for storage and transport.
visit places of work;Investigate workplaces where members of the union work in order to check working conditions and to define other potential issues.
diagnostic radiology;Diagnostic radiology is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
detect flaws in record;Examine record for flaws such as discolouration and scratches.
handle paperwork related to warehouse stock;"Deal with goods notes right after stock delivery; keep stock record up-to-date; prepare and make up invoices."
operate mining tools;Operate and maintain a wide range of hand-held and powered mining tools and equipment.
form operational strategies for law enforcement;Form strategies to turn laws and regulations into operational goals and plans of action to ensure that the law is complied with and offenders receive the correct sentence, fine or other consequence.
use online tools to collaborate;Use online resources such as online meeting tools, VoIP conference calling, concurrent file editing, to co-create, share content and collaborate from remote locations.
welcome tour groups;Greet newly arrived groups of tourists at their starting point to announce details of upcoming events and travel arrangements.
train staff about product features;Provide training to a staff of employees or design team about product characteristics and specific product features.
manufacturing of made-up textile articles;Manufacturing processes in wearing apparel and made-up textiles. Different technologies and machinery involved in the manufacturing processes.
bind fibreglass filaments;Bring extruded fibreglass filaments together to bind them into single strands after the binding solution has been applied and pull them through a carbon-graphite shoe that will guide and gather the individual glass filaments to form the fibreglass strands.
identify preventive actions;Anticipate situations that could be damaging to the workplace and the processes undergone there by drawing attention to possible undesired outcomes and suggesting preventive actions.
fit carpet seams;Securely attach two pieces of carpet at the edges. Use a carpet iron to heat seaming tape and press the carpet onto the tape to fuse the seam.
work in restoration team;Work along side fellow restorers to reverse the detoration of a piece of art and to bring it back to its original state.
wash decks of ships;Clean the ships deck by sweeping and washing it thoroughly. Remove superfluous salt and water to avoid oxidation.
continuously monitor weather conditions;Evaluate routine air observations, analyse a variety of weather information from various sources, and constantly monitor weather conditions to maintain the validity of the forecast.
manage communications with food industry governmental bodies;Manage communications with regulatory authorities for the food industry for all aspects of food safety, limits on potentially hazardous ingredients, labelling requirements and legislation.
check borehole depth;"Check the depth of boreholes; make sure that they are clean."
Portuguese;The Portuguese language. Portuguese is an official and working language of the EU.
biosafety in biomedical laboratory;The principles and methods for managing infectious materials in the laboratory environment, biosafety levels, classification and risk assessment, pathogenicity and toxicity of a living organism and their possible hazards in order to minimise any risks for human health and the environment.
understand written Persian;Read and comprehend written texts in Persian.
perform balance sheet operations;"Make up a balance sheet displaying an overview of the organisations current financial situation. Take into account income and expenses; fixed assets such as buildings and land; intangible assets such as trademarks and patents."
set up documentation control system;Set up and maintain documentation control system
autism;The characteristics, causes, symptoms and diagnosis of the neurodevelopmental disorder affecting social interaction, verbal and non-verbal communication and repetitive behaviour.
bake confections;Bake cakes, tarts and confectioneries using ingredients such as flour, sugar, eggs, and butter or oil, with some varieties also requiring liquid such as milk or water and leavening agents such as yeast or baking powder. Add flavourful ingredients like fruit purées, nuts or extracts and numerous substitutions for the primary ingredients.
Backbox (penetration testing tool);The software BackBox is a Linux distribution which tests security weaknesses of the system for potentially unauthorised access to system information by information gathering, forensic, wireless and VoIP analysis, exploitation and reverse engineering.
arrange equipment repairs;Arrange for equipment repairs when necessary.
interact verbally in Albanian;Communicate orally in ?Albanian.
manage membership database;Add and update membership information and analyze and report on statistical membership information.
perform eye surgery;Treat conditions that may involve eye surgery through performing corrective surgery, cataract surgery, glaucoma surgery, orbital surgery or ophthalmic plastic surgery.
process flower bulbs;Mechanical clean, disinfect and process flower bulbs.
promote sports in schools;Promote sports in schools.
attend book fairs;Attend fairs and events to get familiar with new book trends and to meet with authors, publishers, and others in the publishing sector.
cyber attack counter-measures;The strategies, techniques and tools that can be used to detect and avert malicious attacks against organisations information systems, infrastructures or networks.Examples are secure hash algorithm (SHA) and message digest algorithm (MD5) for securing network communications, intrusion prevention systems (IPS), public-key infrastructure (PKI) for encryption and digital signatures in applications.
airtight construction;Airtight construction makes sure that there are no unintended gaps in the building envelope that allow air to leak in or out of the building and contributes to energy performance.
clean toilet facilities;Clean the toilets and wipe the sinks, mirrors and cubicle furniture according to the required standards, providing special attention to details.
examine healthcare facility;Ensure compliance of  healthcare institutions with related regulations. Inspect the physical site and the legal paperwork such as certificates, permits and licenses.
produce confectionery from chocolate;Produce different kinds of confectionery from chocolate mass.
ensure continuous styling of artists;Ensure that artists are consistently styled during the production of a motion picture. Make sure that their look remains the same.
judge performances;Judge performances in sporting competitions in order to award points, impose scoring penalties, and determine results.
evaluate animal pregnancy;Perform pregnancy evaluation using common methods such as using on-farm milk progesterone test, treatment of non-pregnant cows with prostaglandin, and pregnancy diagnosis by uterine palpation. Check and confirm pregnancy and take appropriate action in relation to husbandry and reporting requirements.
social pedagogy;Discipline combining the theory and practice of both education and care, seen from a holistic perspective.
organise game shoots;Plan shoots of game, such as grouse, pheasant or partridge. Prepare the invitations. Brief the participants before the shoot begins. Provide advice on gun safety and etiquette.
set up media integration systems;Set up different types of light, sound, image and movement control boards and related equipment like tracking systems, media servers and control software and hardware.
perform process control in the wearing apparel industry;Performs process control to wearing apparel products in order to assure mass production in an uninterrupted production manner. Control processes to ensure that processes are predictable, stable and consistent.
manage donated goods in second-hand shop;"Coordinate the donated goods in a second-hand store; select appropriate items for recycling or sale."
regulate cutting speed;Regulate the speed and depth of stone cutting by pulling the levers and turning the wheels.
use remote control equipment;Use a remote control to operate equipment. Watch the equipment closely while operating, and use any sensors or cameras to guide your actions.
Persian;The Persian language.
dig sewer trenches;Prepare trenches for sewer pipes. Dig judiciously according to plans, avoiding underground utility infrastructure. Brace the trench to prevent compaction of the sewer pipe. Fill the trench after the pipes have been installed.
APL;The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in APL.
advise on investment;Assess the customers economic goals and advise on the possible financial investments or capital investments to promote wealth creation or safeguarding.
calculate the productivity of the production of footwear and leather goods;Analyse the footwear and leather goods production capacity and collect information concerning human and technological resources. Follow the production process and make adjustments to the work methods and operative times according to the technical specification of the model, human resources and equipment. Optimise the production lines and increase the productivity.
batch tank types;Variety of batch tanks such as vertical batch tanks, vertical batch tanks, cone bottom batch tanks, cone bottom batch tanks, and batch tank lids and their correct operation according to requirements. 
drive helicopter under emergency conditions;Drive an emergency medical helicopter to deliver medical care where no ground vehicle can go, following strict procedures and national legislation.
perform puja;Perform the traditional functions and ceremonial rites dealing with worship in the Hindu religion.
advise patients on health and lifestyle issues;Advise patients on issues related to health and lifestyle, such as exercise, nutrition, and sleep habits.
reflexion;The way to listen to individuals, to summarise the major points and clarify what they are feeling in order to help them reflect on their behaviour.
evaluate writings in response to feedback;Edit and adapt work in response to comments from peers and publishers.
implement environmental action plans;Apply plans that address the management of environmental matters in projects, natural site interventions, companies, and others.
install PVC piping;Lay different types and sizes of PVC piping in prepared spaces. Cut the piping to size and attach it by using glue or other systems. Make sure the piping has a clean edge, is free of strains and has the right tilt for fluids to run through.
assist with self-medication;Assist individuals with disability in taking their medication at appropriate times of the day.
rail project financing;Thoroughly understand the ways in which railway projects are financed, such as public, private, and public-private partnership financing, including all the type of stakeholders that may be involved.
adapt to artists creative demands;Work with artists, striving to understand the creative vision and adapting to it. Make full use of your talents and skills to reach the best possible result.
specialise in an area of history;Specialise in a specific field of history, do research on topics relevant to collections, determine which items should be retained or acquired, and how they should be preserved and displayed.
install heating boiler;Place heating, ventilation, air conditioning and refrigeration boilers, which heats up water and circulates it through a closed radiator system to distribute heat around a structure. Connect the boiler to a source of fuel or electricity and to the circulation system. Connect it to the water supply if it features an automatic filling system. Configure the boiler.
maintain vehicle appearance;Maintain vehicle appearance by washing, cleaning and performing minor adjustments and repairs.
organise weight of loads according to lifting equipment capacity;Organise the weight of loads to prevent overloading and imbalances in lifting equipment.
advise on poisoning incidents;Advise patients or other medical staff on how to handle overdose and poisoning intake in the most efficient manner.
install drainage well systems;Install systems which are found in residential properties as well as in public properties such as on streets and public building rooftops, and which function to drain excess water from these areas. They function to aid in flood remediation, remove rain, and minimise risk from heavy storms, and subsequently transport the untreated water into nature.
participatory decision-making;The process of giving ownership of decisions taken in an organisation to all its stakeholders, in a manner that is open, transparent and inclusive.
hazardous waste types;The different types of waste which poses risks to the environment or public health and safety, such as radioactive waste, chemicals and solvents, electronics, and mercury-containing waste.
clean waste materials from machines;Clean waste materials from machine using the adequate equipment or appliances as to ensure smooth operations, avoid accidents, and maintain clean working place.
integrate community outreach;Integrate community outreach within conservation projects to encompass knowledge, social and emotional aspects of learning and engagement.
operate heart-lung machines;Utilise heart-lung machines to pump blood and oxygen through the patients body. Ensure patients are safe and correctly connected to the machine before surgery. Operate the heart-lung machine during surgery and monitor the patients vital functions. Disconnect the equipment after surgery.
draw up risk assessment;Assess risks, propose improvements and describe measures to be taken at the organisational level.
perform traffic sign maintenance;Install and secure road signs, and replace them if needed. Maintain traffic lights by resolving issues, replacing light bulbs and cleaning the glass covering. Control telematic systems for proper functioning.
perform church service;Perform the rites and traditions which are involved in a church service and leading communal worship, such as giving sermons, reading psalms and scriptures, singing hymns, performing eucharist, and other rites.
renew artistic practice;Stay informed on new trends and apply them on artistic experiences.
follow-up lab results;Analyse lab results and apply them by adapting the production process. Report, review and take appropriate measures if necessary.
human ear;The structure, functions and characteristics of the outer middle and inner ear, through which sounds are transferred from the environment to the brain.
operate bulldozer;Operate a tracked or wheeled bulldozer, a powerful piece of machinery equipped with a shovel-like blade used to move earth, rubble or other material over the ground.
use tools for shoe repair;Utilise hand and power tools, such as awls, hammers, automatic sole stitchers, heel-nailing machines and sewing machines, for the repair and maintenance of footwear, belts and bags.
manage trauma through surgical means;Manage trauma such as musculoskeletal, hand, and head injuries, taking responsibility for all phases of care of the injured patient.
national regulations on handling cargo;The national regulations governing the loading and unloading of cargo in ports within that country.
SQL;The computer language SQL is a query language for retrieval of information from a database and of documents containing the needed information. It is developed by the American National Standards Institute and the International Organization for Standardization.
perform covert investigations;Perform investigative duties in a manner which ensures the private and covert nature of the operation, and that the investigator is not discovered by any parties which may negatively influence the investigation.
lottery equipment;Lottery matrices and betting systems where bets are placed together in a pool. 
types of heat pumps;Various types of heat pumps, used to produce heating, cooling and potable hot water making use of an energy source with low temperature and bringing it to a higher temperature.
set auction listing agreement;"Set up a contract executed by the auctioneer and the seller; list the terms of the agreement and the rights and responsibilities of every party involved."
evaluate retail food inspection findings;List, process and evaluate data gathered during retail food inspections undertaken in supermarkets or shops.
supervise spoken language learning;Conduct active, foreign language learning classes focused on speaking and evaluate students on their progress regarding pronunciation, vocabulary, and grammar through oral tests and assignments.
maintain relationships with doctors;Communicate with doctors in order to solve possible misunderstandings related to prescriptions, indications, etc.
inspect electronics supplies;Check electronics materials for damage, moisture, loss or other problems before using the material.
moderate in negotiations;Oversee negotiations between two parties as a neutral witness to ensure that the negotiations occur in a friendly and productive manner, that a compromise is reached, and that everything is compliant with legal regulations.
interact verbally in Gujarati;Communicate orally in Gujarati.
show professional responsibility;Ensure that other workers and clients are treated with respect and that appropriate civil liability insurance is in place at all times of instructing.
maintain reception area;Take care to organise and maintain the reception area to keep up appearances for incoming guests and visitors.
salon management;The managing aspects of running a cosmetology-related business, such as leadership, organisation, and communication.
types of lifts;Various types of lifts, based on their mode of operation, such as hydraulically powered lifts. Various lift operation schemes and configurations.
oncologic hormone therapy;The type of therapy used in treating cancer that stops the hormonal growth and effects of the cancer.
breed horses;Operate a suitable environment for horse breeding. Select and prepare the appropriate habitats for specific kinds of horses. Monitor the horses growth and health and ensure correct feeding. Determinate when the horses are ready for trade, training or other purposes.
perform small vessel navigation;Perform navigation of the vessel. Keep up to date nautical publications for safe navigation. Determine the vessels position and trace the tracks properly to ensure safety. Perform safe navigation, complying with regulations so as to avoid collisions, groundings, beaching and prevent marine pollution. Interpret weather reports using data obtained or provided to ensure the safety of the vessel. Apply radar information. Manage communications following maritime protocols.
repair leather goods;Adjust, treat, repair and replace broken or deteriorated parts of leather goods such as shoes, bags and gloves.
maintain linen operation;Keep daily operations of a linen stock, including its distribution, maintenance, rotation and storage.
make bids in forward auctions;Create and provide forward bids, taking into account possible special requirements such as refrigeration of goods or transport of potentially hazardous materials.
technical drawings;Drawing software and the various symbols, perspectives, units of measurement, notation systems, visual styles and page layouts used in technical drawings.
apply teaching strategies;Employ various approaches, learning styles, and channels to instruct students, such as communicating content in terms they can understand, organising talking points for clarity, and repeating arguments when necessary. Use a wide range of teaching devices and methodologies appropriate to the class content, the learners level, goals, and priorities.
provide advanced clinical practice in physiotherapy;Provide advanced clinical advice to individual clients or groups in relation to physiotherapy diagnosis and planning of complex interventions, supporting other physiotherapists in planning client care and in understanding the role and responsibilities of the advanced physiotherapist.
attention to detail;Performs tasks conscientiously and effectively, taking into account all their aspects, no matter how detailed they are.
lacquer wood surfaces;Apply one or several layers of lacquer to a wood surface to coat it. Use a roller and a brush for larger surfaces. Load the roller or brush with lacquer and coat the surface evenly. Make sure no debris or brush hairs stay on the surface.
forecast account metrics;Make predictions on the movement of account measurements and data which give insight into an organisations financial state in order to aid analyses and evaluate potential risks.
perform routine maintenance of ship engines;"Perform routine maintenance tasks on all ship engine systems; monitor engines to ensure they function within standard operating parameters."
answer incoming calls;Respond to customers inquiries and provide customers with appropriate information.
measure nutritional health status of patients;Review patient`s clinical information obtained through physician referral, laboratory reports and health records, conducting consultations with patients to obtain relevant information and assess their nutritional status.
liaise with architects;Facilitate communication and understanding between architects and other parties such as constructors, clients, and contractors with respect to the design of construction projects.
sell hardware;sell and provide customers with detailed information on hardware items, gardening tools, electrical equipment, plumbing supplies, etc.
rail disruption management;Thoroughly understand the conditions, causes, and effects of rail disruption or derailment, and of degraded mode operations including tasks and tools.
store design layout;Fundamentals in layout and store design in order to achieve an optimal product placement.
office equipment;The offered office machinery and equipment products, its functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
plan supply chain logistics for footwear and leather goods;Plan, organise and monitor logistics and supply chain activities based on the footwear or leather goods companys main objectives regarding quality, cost, delivery, and flexibility.
maintain sensor equipment;Diagnose and detect malfunctions in sensor components, systems, and products using sensors and remove, replace, or repair these components when necessary. Execute preventative equipment maintenance tasks, such as storing the components in clean, dust-free, and non-humid spaces.
advise superiors on military operations;Advise on the strategic decisions made by superiors on deployment, mission tactics, resource allocation or other military operation specifics, to help superiors reach a better decision and to provide them with any relevant information for a military operation or functioning of the military organisations in general.
promote education course;Advertise and market the programme or class you teach to potential students and the education organisation where you teach with the aim of maximising registration numbers and allocated budget.
assemble an artistic team;Bring together an artistic team, after identifying the needs, looking for candidates, conducting interviews and aligning on the conditions of the project.  
maintain students discipline;Make sure students follow the rules and code of behaviour established in the school and take the appropriate measures in case of violation or misbehaviour.
study craft trends;Research and study trends in crafting, in order to keep up with current designs and marketing strategies.
manage distribution channels;Oversee distribution channels with regards to the requirements of customers.
provide learning support;Provide the necessary support to students with general learning difficulties in literacy and numeracy to facilitate learning by assessing the learner’s development needs and preferences. Design formal and informal outcomes of learning and deliver materials that facilitate learning and development.
write Welsh;Compose written texts in Welsh.
weigh in motion system;Weigh in motion systems, which measure the weight of a vehicle passing over and may send out an alarm if the vehicle is overloaded or unbalanced.
minimise occupational hazards in dentistry practice;Understand and implement procedures to minimise occupational hazards in dentistry.
evaluate prospective foster parents;Interview the potential foster parents, running an extensive background check related to their medical, financial or criminal records, paying visits to their homes to ensure safe living conditions for the child to be placed under their guardianship and drawing objective and informed conclusions.
security in industrial buildings;Security procedures, characteristics, tasks and risks encountered in industrial areas such as factories, ports, warehouses and mines.
supervise hygiene procedures in agricultural settings;Ensure that hygiene procedures in agricultural settings are followed, taking into account the regulations of specific areas of action e.q. livestock, plants, local farm products, etc.
exercise self-control;Manage own feelings, needs and wants appropriately for the benefit of participants, clients or co-workers.
pattern grading;Know about cutting patterns accurately and grading the patterns to obtain the size series in case of mass production. Know how to mark notches, holes, seam allowances, and other technical specifications. Make adjustments and obtain the final patterns for cutting in order to compensate any identified problems during sampling.
teach industrial arts principles;Instruct students in the theory and practice of the industrial arts, namely metal and wood working, with the aim of assisting them in pursuing a future career in this field, more specifically in courses such as carpentry, metal construction, and technical drawing.
connect cylinders lines;Connect the lines between cylinders and manifold by using wrench.
hire human resources;Manage the process of hiring human resources, from identifying potential candidates to assessing the adequacy of their profiles to the vacancy.
design strategies for nuclear emergencies;Develop and oversee the implementation of strategies which aim to prevent equipment malfunctions, errors, and contamination risks in nuclear facilities, and which outline response actions in the event of a nuclear emergency.
inspect government policy compliance;Inspect public and private organisations to ensure proper implementation and compliance to government policies which apply to the organisation.
inventory management rules;The specific principles and techniques used in order to determine the approapriate level of inventory required.
oil sweetening processes;The techniques used to remove sulphur and mercaptans from hydrocarbon products, such as catalytic hydrodesulphurisation and merox.
manage crop maintenance functions;Plan and supervise planting, fertilising, and pest or weed control.
construction products;The offered construction materials, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
provide facilities for animal grooming services;Provide appropriate facilities for animal grooming services. This includes selection of the types of equipment and ensuring hygiene and bio-security standards.
handle knives for cutting activities;Use various types of knives and cutters used in the cutting and deboning process. Use techniques for the usage of the knives. Selects the right knives for the job at hand. Take care of the knives.
security threats;Types of threats to public and private security such as unauthorised entry, aggressive behaviour, molestation, robbery, theft, assault, kidnapping, murder and public demonstration.
master disc manufacturing;The process used to create the mould needed for the production of compact discs. During this process, a plate of glass is polished, coated with a primer and a photoresistant coating, cured in an oven, etched with the data, and finally coated with a thin layer of nickel and vanadium.
assist the veterinary surgeon as a scrub nurse;Provide assistance in the handling of equipment and materials in a sterile manner during surgical procedures in operating theatre.
use microphone;Employ microphones to address audiences in a gathering. Perform basic technical operations to microphones for an adequate usage.
familiarise yourself with the work to be remounted;Getting familiar with the  work to be remounted, by consulting different sources (documentation, experts, technical crew, etc).
communication sciences;The practice and theory of communication systems, mass media, journalistic practices, and persuasive communication. It also includes the empirical methods utilized by communication scientists to acquire data such as interviews, surveys, and focus groups.
carry out forestry related measurements;Use measuring devices such as scale sticks to estimate the volume of timber in a forest, calculating the total number of trees that can be harvested, as well as the average amount of lumber or pulp wood an average tree can produce.
coordinate audio system programmes;Coordinate the requirements, integration, and installation of audio control system programs.
measure pollution;Conduct pollution measurements to determine whether the prescribed pollutant limits are respected. Check firing systems and exhaust paths of gas water heaters, air heaters, and similar equipment.
integrate and re-elaborate digital content;Modify, refine, improve and integrate information and content into an existing body of knowledge to create new, original and relevant content and knowledge.
cut stair carriages;Make cuts in a plank of solid wood to carry stair treads and risers. Take measurements and calculations into account to make markings on the carriage with a steel square. Cut the carriage using a power saw or hand saw.
apply massage oil;Administer oil on the client, either through sprays, salt baths, massage oils or inhalation techniques.
practice gestalt therapy;Use gestalt therapy techniques such as the empty chair technique and the exaggeration exercise in individual or group settings in the shape of creative exercises and experiments, aiming to make the individual understand different aspects of a conflict, experience, or mental health issue.
manage water distribution procedures;Ensure the supply systems are maintained and the operations occur efficiently and in compliance with regulations  to ensure proper distribution and supply of water from the facility.
metallurgy;The branch of science concerned with the study of the chemical and physical properties of metallic elements, intermetallic elements, and alloys.
transport dangerous goods;Classify, pack, mark, label and document dangerous goods, such as explosive materials, gases and flammable liquids. Adhere to international and national regulations.
ensure customer orientation;Understand what customers want and adopt a positive attitude when interacting with them, providing advices, selling products or services or processing complaints.
neonatology;The branch of paediatric medicine concerned with the diagnosis and treatment of the new-born.
describe artistic experience;Take into consideration other areas of expertise or experience and identify elements relevant to your artistic approach.
feed livestock;Calculate feed rations for all stages of growth and prepare, distribute and control quality of fodder
communicate with park visitors;Communicate with amusement park visitors whilst their ride is inoperative.
adjust weight of cargo to capacity of freight transport vehicles;Adapt weight of cargo to capacity of freight transport vehicles. Oversee the maximum load capacity of the vehicle in question and the weight of each individual crate in the shipment.
participate in games for player distribution;Participate in casino games to ensure the minimum amount of players at a given table.
teach tourism principles;Instruct students in the theory and practice of the subject travel and tourism, with the aim of assisting them in pursuing a future career in this field, and more specifically in topics such as tourism locations, customer service and booking techniques.
use automotive diagnostic equipment;Use diagnostic equipment to perform test on motor vehicles, components and systems to detect defects.
follow zoo safety precautions;Follow the zoo safety rules and regulations in order to ensure a safe working environment while working with the zoo animals, and to ensure the safety of zoo visitors.
handle shipment paperwork;Handle paperwork containing information on shipments and attached to goods about to be shipped. Ensure that identification information is complete, visible, and in compliance with all regulations. Check labels showing product counts, final destination, and model numbers.
collaborate with technical experts on artworks;Collaborate with engineers, mechanics, and other technical experts to build, install and move pieces of art.
perform technical tasks with great care;Avoiding possible risks and unwanted outcomes by watching carefully over all parts of a machine, device or vehicle and executing processes of production, maintenance or repair with great care.
maintain sprinkler systems;Repair and replace sprinkler system components: pumps, main feeder and lateral lines, sprinkler heads, valves, PVC pipes, controls, and electronically controlled water sensors. Replace low voltage wiring. Oversee sprinkler system maintenance.
perform auction chant;Perform bid calling and develop an individual style with filler words and variable speed of speech
types of cartridges;Field of information wich distinguishes different types of cartridges based on size, shape, ignition type and the propellant. An example is the change in the diameter of the bullet, or caliber.
moderate a discussion;Apply moderation techniques and methods to lead discussions between two or more people, including situations such as workshops, conferences or online events. Ensure the correctness and politeness of the debate.
develop the look of a production;Develop the overall look or style of a theatre, opera, television, or film set.
program sound cues;Program sound cues and rehearse sound states before or during rehearsals.
perform drainage work;Dig draining ditches and lay the pipe or gutter installation to allow evacuation of surplus liquid and avoid subsidence or other damage.
tend air-cleaning system;Operate machine that carries beans and grains through air-cleaning system to remove foreign matter.
pregnancy;The process related to conception and development of the fetus in the mother`s womb, the symptoms of pregnancy, risks and complications, diseases and timing of childbirth.
peer group methods;The techniques relevant for peer group education, where each member is encouraged to express or exchnage a particular type of behaviour or piece of information.
plan daily ship operations;Plan the day-to-day activities on board ships, including tasks related to navigational safety, cargo, ballast, tank cleaning and tank inspections.
pesticides;Types of chemical characteristics of pesticides and their adverse human and environmental effects.
survey techniques;Techniques on how to identify a target audience, choose the right survey method and analyse the data.
interpret law;Interpret the law during the investigation of a case in order to know the correct procedures in handling the case, the specific status of the case and the parties involved, the possible outcomes, and how to present the best arguments for the most favourable outcome.
inform tourist groups on logistical times;Brief groups of tourists on departure and arrival times as part of their itinerary.
develop geological databases;Develop geological databases in order to acquire and organise information.
screen printing machines;The different types of screen printing presses such as the cylinder press, the flat-bed press, and most importantly the rotary press.
manage cultural facility;Manage the daily operations of a cultural facility. Organise all activities and coordinate the different departments functioning within a cultural facility. Develop a plan of action and arrange the necessary funds.
interpret requests for imaging examinations;Receive and interpret requests from medical practitioners for imaging examinations to be performed on patients.
patch clay products;Patch damaged products using handtools and patch clay.
perform contract compliance audits;Execute a thorough contract compliance audit, ensuring that goods or services are being delivered in a correct and timely fashion, checking for clerical errors or missed credits and discounts and starting procedures for cash recovery.
speak dialect;Interact with customers in local dialect.
advise on irrigation projects;Advise on the construction of irrigation projects. Review contractor orders to ensure the compatibility of the design with installation concepts and pre-existent grounds master plan. Monitor the contractors work.
transfer glaze;Transfer the processed glaze from the mill to the storage jars.
control train arrivals;Monitor and control arrival of trains into train stations. Check inbound trains according to their departure station.
ensure efficient utilisation of warehouse space;Pursue an effective use of warehouse space ensuring maximum efficiency while meeting environmental and budgetary goals.
write Macedonian;Compose written texts in Macedonian.
handle explosives;Handle explosives in accordance with explosives law, including tracking and control of the magazine.
oversee pre-assembly operations;Organise and oversee the arrangements preceding the assembly of manufactured products, mostly taking place in factories, including their installation in assembling locations such as construction sites.
use object-oriented programming;Utilise specialised ICT tools for programming paradigm based on the concept of objects, which can contain data in the form of fields and code in the form of procedures. Use programming languages which support this method such as JAVA and C++.
apply HACCP;Apply regulations regarding manufacture of food and food safety compliance. Employ food safety procedures based on Hazard Analysis Critical Control Points (HACCP).
develop inclusive communication material;Develop inclusive communication resources. Provide appropriate accessible digital, print and signage information and apply the appropriate language to support the representation and inclusion of people with disabilities. Make websites and online facilities accessible, e.g., ensuring compatibility with screen readers.
prepare meals for flights;Prepare meals and drinks according to the menu specifications of an airline company.
maintain welfare of animals during transportation;Keep the health and welfare of animals during transportation, including frequent monitoring for signs of stress and symptoms of ill health.
carry out recruiting services;Attract, screen, select and haul on board persons fit for a job.
use rigging equipment;Set up rolling and lifting equipment required to lift and move objects e.g. with a crane or block and tackle system.
marketing management;The academic discipline and function in an organisation which focuses on the market research, market development, and the creation of marketing campaigns to raise awareness on the companys services and products.
treat patients nails;Use a nail drill to reduce thickening toenails and remove debris from their sulci by inserting nail packs.
load picked fruits and vegetables;Load picked fruit and vegetables into a container of the appropriate size, taking care to avoid damage.
book reviews;A form of literary criticism in which a book is analyzed based on content, style, and merit in order to assist customers in their choices of books.
teach philosophy;Instruct students in the theory and practice of philosophy, and more specifically in topics such as morality, philosophers throughout history, and philosophical ideologies.
transcribe medical data;Listen to the recordings of the healthcare professional, write the information down and format it into files.
organise compositions;Arrange and adapt existing musical compositions, add variations to existing melodies or compositions manually or with the use of computer software. Redistribute instrumental parts.
commodities in maritime transportation;Knowledge of the most important commodities in maritime transportation, i.e. oil, grain, ore, coal and fertilisers, and their characteristics and subdivisions.
show an exemplary leading role in an organisation;Perform, act, and behave in a manner that inspires collaborators to follow the example given by their managers.
object-oriented modelling;The object-oriented paradigm, which is based on classes, objects, methods and interfaces and their application in software design and analysis, programming organisation and techniques.
translate tags;Interpret and translate tags from one language to another striving for accuracy in the target language.
protect wilderness areas;Protect a wilderness area by monitoring uses and enforcing regulations.
dispose soot from the sweeping process;Dispose and transport soot from the sweeping process in an appropriate manner and according to local and national regulations.
supply rigging equipment;Supply equipment to rig floors as requested, and provide assistance to roughnecks.
maintain facility security systems;Ensure that proper and functional security systems are in place, including alarm systems, fire alarms, sprinklers and emergency exits.
perform test in cigarette-making machine;Test a sample from cigarette-making machine for the weight of each cigarette.
calculate solar panel orientation;Calculate the optimal placement of solar panels. Take into account the longitude, seasonal insolation values, the direction of true south, and the placement of any shadow-casting structures in order to find the best location and inclination for the panels.
use power tools;Operate power driven pumps. Use hand tools or power tools. Use vehicle repair tools or safety equipment.
develop wildlife programs;Educate the public and respond to requests for aid and information about an areas wildlife.
Azerbaijani;The Azerbaijani language.
plan the work of teams and individuals;Plan the work of teams and individuals. Assess the work of teams and individuals. Provide feedback to teams and individuals on work carried out. Support and mentor individuals and teams. Prepare work instructions for new tasks.
fill tile joints;Use grout, silicone paste, mastic or other appropriate material to fill the joints between tiles. Spread the mixture onto the tiles using a padded trowel or float. Make sure the mixture is worked into the joints before removing excess material. Use a diagonal motion to avoid scooping material from the joints. Wash material from the front of the tiles and buff the tiles to finish.
government policy;The political activities, plans, and intentions of a government for a legislative session for concrete causes.
test chemicals in development baths;Use specialised equipment to test the chemicals in the baths of a film developing machine in order to make sure that they are working properly.
characteristics of waste;Expertise in the different types, the chemical formulas and other characteristics of solid, liquid and hazardous waste.
measure pH;Measure acidity and alkalinity of beverages.
breed snails;Prepare a suitable environment for snail breeding. Select and prepare the appropriate habitats for specific kinds of snails. Monitor the snails growth and health and ensure correct feeding. Identify when the snails are ready for consumption, scientific or other purposes.
assembling processes and techniques for california footwear construction;Technology, equipment, machines and tools for assembling california footwear construction type.
customise guns;Make modifications or attach custom-made components on guns based on the wishes of a particular customer.
use specialised tools in electric repairs;"Use of a variety of specialised tools, instruments and machines, such as presses, drills and grinders; employ them to carry out repairs in a safety manner."
debt classification;The different classifications of debt such as public and publicly guaranteed debt, private non-guaranteed credits, central bank deposits, etc.
deliver leaflets;Put leaflets, flyers and advertising materials into mailboxes. Make sure you cover the entire area assigned to you.
apply knowledge of science, technology and engineering;Develop and apply an understanding of the physical world and its governing principles, for example by making reasonable predictions about causes and effects, conceiving tests of these predictions and carrying out measurements using suitable units, tools and equipment.
synchronise with mouth movements;Synchronise sound recording with the mouth movements of the original actor.
process spatial information;Be able to mentally imagine the position and relationship of bodies in three-dimensional spaces, developing a good sense of proportion.
demonstrate good manners;Engage with others according to the normal customs and expectations of contemporary social behaviour, appropriate to the context.
warehousing regulations;"Know and comply with local warehousing laws and regulations; stay up-to-date by studying existing and new legislation."
advise on medical records;Act as a consultant to medical staff by providing advice on medical records policies.
contract law;The field of legal principles that govern written agreements between parties concerning the exchange of goods or services, including contractual obligations and termination.
diagnose aquatic animals disease symptoms;Observe and describe symptoms and lesions of fish, molluscs, and crustaceans. Monitor abnormal fish behaviour in feeding, swimming, and surfacing.
WebCMS;The web-based software systems used for creating, editing, publishing and archiving blogs, articles, web pages or press releases which are mostly managed by users with limited web programming knowledge.
plan menus;Organise menus taking into account the nature and style of the establishment, client feedback, cost and the seasonality of ingredients.
follow up complaint reports;Follow up complaints or accident reports in order to take adequate measures to solve problems. Contact the relevant authorities or internal staff to provide solutions in various situations.
treat nails;Wrap nails to repair them or make them stronger and more resilient. Soften, trim or push back nail cuticles and provide treatment to people who bite their nails.
examine lumber;The process of examining lumber on tables, moving belts, and chain conveyors to visually check for knots, holes, splits, and other possible defects.
tend mixing oil machine;Use machines to weigh and mix vegetable oils for products, such as salad oils, shortening and margarine, according to formula.
use ICT resources to solve work related tasks;Choose and use ICT resources in order to solve related tasks.
demonstrate functionality of software products;Demonstrate to customers the features and functionalities of software products.
elective astrology;The branch of horoscopic astrology where astrologers predict a favourable moment for a certain event, based on the interpretation of astrological auspiciousness of that moment.
conduct extensive international travel;Conducting extensive travelling around the world to performing business related tasks.
create technical plans;Create detailed technical plans of machinery, equipment, tools and other products.
synthesise financial information;Collect, revise and put together financial information coming from different sources or departments in order to create a document with unified financial accounts or plans.
identify parts requested by customers;"Ask the client questions in order to identify the specific parts he needs, taking into account the car type and year of construction; search for the exact parts described."
respect the diversity of cultural values and norms;Demonstrate intercultural competence and respect for ones own cultural values and norms. Show tolerance of and appreciation for the different values and norms held by different people and cultures and developed under different circumstances or in different times and places.
adapt to new technology used in cars;"Adapt to new technology integrated in cars; understand systems operation and provide troubleshooting."
manage online volunteers;Manage a team of volunteers that are working online, recruiting them via online tools and facilitating online meetings to establish goals and evaluate their activities.
mix concrete;Use compact concrete mixers or various ad-hoc containers such as wheelbarrows to mix concrete. Prepare the correct quantities of cement, water, aggregate and optional added ingredients, and mix the ingredients until an homogenous concrete is formed.
initiate life preserving measures;Initiate life-preserving actions by taking measures in crises and disaster situations.
cope with uncertainty;Tolerate and work constructively within unexpected and unpredictable situations.
collect reproductive cells;Properly collect eggs and sperm from patients in order to process them for fertility purposes.
forecast distribution activities;Interpret data in order to identify future trends and actions in distribution.
manufacture cosmetics;Prepare cosmetic products, possibly customised for customers with specific needs, such as lotions, soaps, face masks or salves.
perform soundchecks;Test the sound equipment of a venue to ensure smooth operation during the performance. Cooperate with performers to make sure the venue equipment is adjusted for the requirements of the performance.
create credit policy;Create guidelines for a financial institutions procedures in supplying assets on credit, such as the contractual agreements which have to be made, the eligibility standards of prospective clients, and the procedure for collecting repayment and debt.
purchase stage weapons;Acquire weapon props to be used for live performances.
dispose of sewage sludge;Operate equipment to pump the sewage sludge and store it into containers in order to transform the gases it emits into energy. After this phase, dry the sludge and evaluate its potential reuse as fertilizer. Dispose of the sludge if it contains hazardous elements.
advise customers on eyewear maintenance;Provide customers with detailed advice on the correct use and maintenance of eyewear.
perform video editing;Rearrange and edit video footage in the course of the post-production process. Edit the footage using a variety of sofware, tools, and techniques such as colour correction and effects, speed effects, and audio enhancing.
assess felled timber volume;Measure the amount of timber felled using appropriate equipment. Take care of the equipment. Record the measured data.
fill the vat with specific ingredients;Fill the vat with the necessary ingredients for acid neutralisation starting with warm water and steam of air and finishing with soda ash.
verify feasibility;Interpret an artistic plan and verify whether the described design can be executed.
communicate using the global maritime distress and safety system;Send an alert in case of distress, using any of the various GMDSS radio systems such that the alert has a very high probability of being received by either shore rescue authorities and/or other vessels in the area.
assess animals condition;Inspect the animal for any external signs of parasites, disease or injury. Use this information to determine own actions and report your findings to owners.
evaluate performance of organisational collaborators;Evaluate the performance and results of managers and employees considering their efficiency and effectivity at work. Consider personal and professional elements.
tobacco products;The varieties of products that can be manufactured using tobacco leaves as a base. The types of tobacco products which are smoked tobacco products, smokeless tobacco products, and byproducts of tobacco leaves.
negotiate logistics services;Reach an agreement on the planning and control of the movement of goods, and all related logistical supporting activities without losing sight of ones own or others goals.
check quality of products on the production line;Check products for quality on the production line and remove defective items before and after packaging.
adhere to standards of national and international safety programmes;Comply with national and international safety standards, e.g. in aviation. Adhere to standards of national and international safety programmes.
articulate artistic proposal;Identify the essence of an artistic project. Identify strong points to be promoted in order of priority. Identify the target audience and the communication media. Communicate key ideas and adapt them to the selected media.
ensure smooth on board operations;Ensure the trip goes smoothly and without incidents. Before departure review if all security, catering, navigation and communication elements are in place.
manage gambling operation;Manage all aspects a gambling, betting or lottery operation. Deliver effective, efficient performance. Implement an effective rota and manage staff for the available products. Seek and develop knowledge of the industry, looking for opportunities, profit optimisation, margin and turnover in all areas of the company and make the appropriate business recommendations for implementation. Employ effective change management to effectively improve business performance.
monitor employees health;Use health surveillance programmes to monitor the health of employees who are potentially exposed to hazards at work.
analyse logistic changes;Assess the financial impact of possible logistics changes such as shipping modes, product mixes or volumes, carriers and means of product transportation.
manage warehouse inventory;Manage warehouse inventory and control storage and movement of warehouse goods. Monitor transactions such as shipping, receiving and putaway.
manipulate prosthetic-orthotic device materials;Alter the materials used for prosthetic-orthotic devices such as metal alloys, stainless steel, composites or polymer glass.
oversee quality control;Monitor and assure the quality of the provided goods or services by overseeing that all the factors of the production meet quality requirements. Supervise product inspection and testing.
use thermal analysis;Use software tools such as Icepak, Fluens and FloTHERM as a means to develop and optimize thermal control designs in order to cope with a wide range of difficult problems regarding thermal products and properties of thermal materials.
keep up with eating out trends;Follow trends in cooking and eating out by monitoring a range of sources.
conclude the psychotherapeutic relationship;Conclude the process of the psychotherapeutic relationship, making sure that the patients needs are met.
similitude;The theory and art of predicting prototype performance from scale model observations.
maintain availability of spare parts;Maintain an adequate stock of spare parts for all kinds of equipment and ensure their availability for use when necessary.
monitor media industry research figures;"Keep up to date with distribution figures of the various printed media outlets such as newspapers and journals; with the audience figures of radio and television or of specific broadcast programs; and of those of online outlets such as search engine optimisation and pay-per-click results."
adapt fitness exercises;Suggest relevant exercise adaptations or options to allow for individual client differences or needs and provide participants with advice on intensity and how to progress their individual performance and results.
handle personal identifiable information;Administer sensitive personal information on customers securely and discreetly
risk modelling;A mathematical representation of a system, commonly incorporating probability distributions and using relevant historical data as well as expert elicitation to understand the probability of a risk event occurring and its potential severity.
design floral decorations;Design and apply floral decorations such as sprays, wreaths and corsages.
comply with timber trade code of conduct;Promote consumer confidence in the workplace by watching over provided wood products and comply with their related legislation. Conduct business in a professional and transparent manner towards customers.
advise on hair style;Make recommendations to customers about suitable hair styles, based on their preferences and your own professional judgment.
manage instrumentation systems;Set up, adjust, operate and maintain instrumentation systems. Process and analyse data, and present research results.
practical lexicography;The science of compiling and editing dictionaries.
plan software testing;Create and supervise tests plans. Decide on allocation of resources, tools and techniques. Set testing criteria for balancing incurred risks in case of remaining defects, adapt budgets and plan additional costs.
ensure steady circulation of trams;Ensure that a sufficient number of trams and lines are operational and schedules are executed as planned.
select camera apertures;Adjust lens apertures, shutter speeds and camera focus.
health records management;The procedures and importance of record keeping in a healthcare system such as hospitals or clinics, the information systems used to keep and process records and how to achieve maximum accuracy of records.
hearing disability;Impairment of the ability to discern and process sounds naturally.
advise on plant mineral nutrition;Advise on protocols for plant growth parameters, content and composition of ions, soil analysis, flux measurement and high throughput analysis through public facilities.
make recommendation on nutrition to public policy makers;Advise public policy makers on nutrition-related issues, such as nutrition labeling, food fortification, and standards for school food programs.
maintain computerised records of railway traffic;Keep digital records of railway activities, such as the coordination and direction of railway traffic, issuing of permits and authorisations, and general traffic monitoring.
create an artistic performance;Create an artistic performance by combining elements such as singing, dancing, acting, or all of them together.
electron beam welding processes;The various processes of welding using electron beams, such as electron beam focusing, beam defelection, penetration, and others.
calculate needs for construction supplies;Take measurements on site and estimate the amount of materials required for the construction or restoration project.
define quality standards;Define, in collaboration with managers and quality experts, a set of quality standards to ensure compliance with regulations and help achieve customers requirements.
analyse business plans;Analyse the formal statements from businesses which outline their business goals and the strategies they set in place to meet them, in order to assess the feasibility of the plan and verify the business ability to meet external requirements such as the repayment of a loan or return of investments.
virtual reality;The process of simulating real-life experiences in a completely immersive digital environment. The user interacts with the virtual reality system via devices such as specifically designed headsets.
use access control software;Utilise software to define the roles and manage user authentication, privileges and access rights to ICT systems, data and services.
SPARQL;The computer language SPARQL is a query language for retrieval of information from a database and of documents containing the needed information. It is developed by the international standards organisation World Wide Web Consortium.
provide immigration advice;Provide immigration advice to people seeking to move abroad or require entry in a nation in terms of necessary procedures and documentation, or procedures dealing with integration.
lay pipe installation;Install the system of pipes used to transport a fluid, be it a liquid or a gas, from one point to another and connect it to the fuel and water supply lines, air ducts, and other components.
apply acupuncture;Use procedures involving the stimulation of anatomical points on the body by a variety of techniques, such as penetrating the skin with thin, metallic needles manipulated by the hands or by electrical stimulation in order to relieve pain or achieve other therapeutic benefits.
decide on insurance applications;Assess applications for an insurance policy, taking into account the risk analyses and client information, in order to deny or approve the application and set in motion the necessary procedures following the decision.
operate follow-me vehicles;Drive the follow me-vehicle in a safe and efficient manner in order to marshal the aircraft through a designated area.
reconstruct modified documents;Decipher and reconstruct the content of modified of partially destroyed documents.
apply numeracy skills;Practise reasoning and apply simple or complex numerical concepts and calculations.
import export regulations of dangerous chemicals;The international and national legal rules for exporting and importing dangerous chemicals.
aerospace engineering;The engineering discipline that combines various technologies and engineering disciplines such as avionics, materials science and aerodynamics in order to design, develop and manufacture aircraft, spacecraft, missiles and satillites.
help create choreographic material;Help create movements, choreographic sequences or sections, and links in between them.
monitor educational developments;Monitor the changes in educational policies, methodologies and research by reviewing relevant literature and liaising with education officials and institutions.
Latvian;The Latvian language. Latvian is an official and working language of the EU.
organise supporters;Coordinate and managing relations with networks of supporters.
create smooth wood surface;Shave, plane and sand wood manually or automatically to produce a smooth surface.
prepare materials for dental procedures;Prepare dental materials such as cements, amalgam, composite, and impression materials as requested by the dentist, mixing materials for impressions and restorations and assembling syringes for anaesthesia.
write French;Compose written texts in French.
neurology;Neurology is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
legislation in agriculture;Body of regional, national and European laws enacted in the field of agriculture and forestry concerning various issues such as product quality, environmental protection and trade.
review meteorological forecast data;"Revise estimated meteorological parameters; solve gaps between real-time conditions and estimated conditions."
apply colour grading;Enhance the colour of recorded motion pictures or videos by adjusting the colour composition either by hand, in a photographic laboratory or digitally by using image editing software.
carve materials;Carve an object out of a materials such as wood, or give a specific shape to a material by carving it.
operate optical measuring equipment;"Operate optical measuring equipment to take clients measurements; determine bridge and eye size, papillary distance, vertex distance, optical eye centres, etc., in order to manufacture customised eyeglasses or contact lenses."
perform venous cannulation;Place a cannula inside the patients vein to provide venous access. It allows many practices such as sampling of blood, administration of fluids, medications, parenteral nutrition, and chemotherapy.
research website users;Record and analyse website traffic by distributing surveys or using e-commerce and analytics. Identify the needs and preferences of target visitors in order to apply marketing strategies to increase website traffic.
acclimatise timber;Acclimatise wooden materials to make sure they will not change size after installation, which may cause damage or produce an otherwise inadequate result. Leave the material in climatic circumstances very similar to those in the location where they will be used. Allow several days for the wood to acclimatise, depending on the type and circumstances.
develop sports programmes;Develop plans and policies for the inclusion of sporting activities and organisations in a community, and for the development of sporting activities for specific target groups.
adjust fold plates;Slide the guides and arrows points of the top and bottom fold plates up or down to find a specific fold setting. A fold plate consists of an image of a fold and the paper size.
disarm land mine;Disarm explosives and ammunition contained within land mines according to regulations to prevent and permanently avoid detonation and to ensure safety.
maintain slitting machinery;Maintain slitting machinery and equipment, to ensure that it is clean and in safe, working order. Perform routine maintenance on equipment and adjust when necessary, using hand and power tools.
dispose waste;Dispose waste in accordance with legislation, thereby respecting environmental and company responsibilities.
vojta therapy;The therapy based on reflex creeping, in a prone lying position of the patient and reflex rolling, in a side lying position of the patient, through a goal-directed pressure which enables the recovery of the nervous and the locomotion system of the patient.
select unshelled almonds;Find and discard almond hull parts or waste still present in the production after the hull removal process.
operate pumps in aquaculture facilities;Operate pumps in aquaculture facilities, such as air lift pumps, live fish pumps, vacuum pumps, submersible pumps.
conduct performance measurement;Gather, assess and interpret data concerning the performance of a system, component, group of people or organisation.
follow health and safety precautions in social care practices;Ensure hygienic work practice, respecting the safety of the environment at day care, residential care settings and care at home.
purchase car materials;Acquire and order car parts and accessories to rebuild and fabricate vehicle bodies and coaches.
assess hydrogen production technologies;Compare technological and economic characteristics of different options to produce hydrogen. This includes comparing sources (natural gas, water and electricity, biomass, coal) and related technologies.
orchestrate music;Assign lines of music to different musical instruments and/or voices to be played together.
direct logistical functions for product life cycles;Coordinate logistic operations related to product life cycles, such as distribution, delivery and final disposal of products or resources.
printing plate making;The different techniques used to produce the plates that will be mounted on rolls for the flexographic or offset printing process such as laser engraving or the technique consisting in placing a film negative over a plate exposed to ultra-violet light.
customise travel package;Personalise and present custom-made travel packages for customers approval.
examine mortgage loan documents;Examine documents from mortgage borrowers or from financial institutions, such as banks or credit unions, relating to a loan secured on a property in order to examine the payment history of the loan, the financial state of the bank or borrower, and other relevant information in order to assess the further course of action.
maintain relationships with government agencies;Establish and maintain cordial working relationships with peers in different governmental agencies.
chair a meeting;Chairing a meeting for a group of people, in order to formulate plans and decisions that are carried out by the company.
agronomical production principles;The techniques, methods and principles of conventional agronomical production.
monitor casino client satisfaction;"Welcome casino customers; ask their opinion about casino service and quality."
oversee maintenance work;Oversee the landscaping maintenance work: mowing, strimming, spraying, weeding and pruning.
collect items for laundry service;Collect the dirty pieces of clothing or other linen within the facility and send them to the laundry service.
write Galician;Compose written texts in ?Galician.
wort boiling process;Process of wort boiling where the brewer adds hops to the wort and boils the mixture in a wort copper. The bitter compounds of the wort give the beer a longer shelf-life.
pyrotechnic articles legislation;The legal rules surrounding pyrotechnics and pyrotechnic materials.
control production flow remotely;Control remotely the flow of production from the start-up operations to the shutdown of the equipments and systems, using the control panel.
authorise occupancy of rail tracks;"Authorise the occupancy of the main railway track and the side tracks; issue warrants and track bulletins; cooperate and communicate with train crew and other railway personnel."
mining engineering;Fields of engineering relevant to mining operations. Principles, techniques, procedures and equipment used in the extraction of minerals.
ensure flock safety;Protect the flock from wolves and other predators. Keep them from eating harmful plants.
use scripting programming;Utilise specialised ICT tools to create computer code that is interpreted by the corresponding run-time environments in order to extend applications and automate common computer operations. Use programming languages which support this method such as Unix Shell scripts, JavaScript, Python and Ruby.
manage loan administration;Oversee the loan administration for exhibitions.
attend to detail regarding food and beverages;Perform great attention to all steps in the creation and the presentation of a qualitative product.
communicate with local residents;Explain building and landscaping projects to local residents in order to obtain their approval and co-operation.
systemic change;The intentional process of understanding the complexity of social problems and identifying an approach to change the fundamental mechanisms that sustain these problems (policies, resources, relationships, etc).
communicate on minerals issues;Communicate on minerals issues with contractors, politicians and public officials.
monitor patients during transfer to hospital;Monitor and take note of any changes in the vital signs of the patients being transferred to the hospital for further medical diagnosis and treatment.
store sorted waste;Store waste materials, products, and appliances which have been sorted into separate categories for recycling or disposal into the appropriate containers and storage equipment or facilities.
monitor recommendation follow-up;Engage with key-stakeholders and decision makers to periodically assess progress on the actions planned to address the recommendations of the evaluation.
apply for research funding;Identify key relevant funding sources and prepare research grant application in order to obtain funds and grants. Write research proposals.
conduct public surveys;Conduct the procedures of a public survey from the initial formulation and compilation of the questions, identifying the target audience, managing the survey method and operations, managing the processing of acquired data, and analysing the results.
prevent fire in a performance environment;Take steps to prevent fire in a performance environment. Make sure the space complies with fire safety rules, with sprinklers and fire extinguishers installed where necessary. Make sure staff are aware of fire prevention measures.
develop trade policies;Develop strategies which support economic growth and facilitate productive trade relations both nationally and internationally.
manage recirculation systems equipment;Manage complex electrical, electronic and control equipment in recirculation systems.
apply spraying techniques;Apply the most optimal spraying techniques, such as a perpendicular spraying angle, maintenance at a consistent distance, trigger the spray gun gradually, overlap surface spots, and others.
perform microbiological analysis in food;Perform analysis to detect different types of microorganisms such bacteria, moulds and yeasts in the food chain.
interpret financial statements;Read, understand, and interpret the key lines and indicators in financial statements. Extract the most important information from financial statements depending on the needs and integrate this information in the development of the departments plans.
use online communication tools;Use digital tools which enable various forms of communication over Internet, such as e-mail, instant messaging, Voice over Internet Protocol, social networks, while following netiquette rules and protecting ones reputation and digital identity.
understand spoken Italian;Comprehend orally expressed Italian.
check accounting records;Revise the accounting records of the quarter and year and ensure that the accounting information reflects with accuracy the financial transactions of the company.
fuel cell types;Fuel cells functionalities and types. It includes the operating conditions of fuel cells and possible related problems.
use equipment for hair care;Use tools to cut, trim or shave hair, such as scissors, clippers, razors and combs.
negotiate terms with suppliers;Identify and work with suppliers to ensure quality of supply and best price has been negotiated.
oversee the design of touristic publications;Monitor the design of marketing publications and materials for the promotion of tourism-related products.
analyse economic trends;Analyse developments in national or international trade, business relations, banking, and developments in public finance and how these factors interact with one another in a given economic context.
conduct post tanning operations;Treat skins and hides of animals to produce leather. This involves permanently altering the protein structure of skin, making it more durable and less susceptible to decomposition.
plan social service process;Plan the social service process, defining the objective and considering the methods of implementation, identifying and accessing available resources, such as time, budget, personnel and defining indicators to evaluate the outcome.
maintain artist flying system;Install, operate, maintain and repair artist flying systems for onstage purposes.
replace sawing blade on machine;Replace the old blade of a sawing machine with a new one by removing the chip brush, taking away the front blade guide, loosening the blade tension and removing the blade. Assemble and install new blade by replacing the front blade guide, installing the chip brush, replacing the blade cover and adjusting blade tension.
kiln types;Kiln characteristics, operation and types such as periodic kilns, updraft kilns, downdraft kilns, sprung arch kilns, or catenary arch kilns.
court interpreting;The form of interpreting where it is mandatory to accurately translate everything the source says in order not to mislead the people who have to make judgements on the cases.
e-learning;The strategies and didactical methods of learning in which the main elements include the use of ICT technologies.
assess risks implied in rigging operations;Assess risks and potential hazards that come with rigging activities.
ensure mining records are maintained;Ensure production, environmental and technical reporting and recording requirements are met, in order to analyse productivity and to comply with statutory requirements.
pallet dimensions;The standardization and regulation of the different dimensions of pallets, such as ISO pallets, North American pallets or European pallets.
load heavy items on pallets;Use lifting equipment and machines to stack weighty products such as stone slabs or bricks on portable platforms so that they can be stored and moved.
coordinate rehearsals;Organise rehearsal schedules for actors and crew, collect and update necessary contact information as well as organise any additional meetings for the actors and crew.
monitor museum environment;Monitor and document environmental conditions in a museum, in storage as well as exhibition facilities. Make sure an adapted and stable climate is guaranteed.
clean upholstered furniture;Use appropriate cleaning techniques and materials to clean upholstered furniture depending on the type of fabric used in its fabrication: cotton, synthetic, microfibre or leather.
create digital images;Create and process two-dimensional and three-dimensional digital images depicting animated objects or illustrating a process, using computer animation or modelling programs.
perform ocular tonometry;Perform ocular tonometry as a test to determine the intraocular pressure inside the eye of patients at risk from glaucoma.
understand written Gujarati;Read and comprehend written texts in Gujarati.
apply thermotherapy;Use heating and cooling techniques to treat musculoskeletal injuries and soft tissue injuries.
accommodate cargo in freight transport vehicle;Properly position, cushion, restrain and balance cargo.
tend drop forging hammer;Tend a drop forging hammer, designed for forming hot or cold metal by use of a high energy force, monitor and operate it, according to regulations.
set up additive manufacturing systems;Prepare machines for operation according to manufacturer and/or internal specifications and the build platform characteristics. Perform file loading, prepare feedstock, build platform and machines in accordance to used material.
agricultural equipment;The offered agricultural machinery and equipment products, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
groom carpets;Inspect the rug and use a groom to set the nap in the direction in which the knots are tied. Use detergents and non-chlorine bleaches to regroom, clean and brighten the fringes of the carpet, treating spots and odors.
identify hazards in the workplace;Perform safety audits and inspections on workplaces and workplace equipment. Ensure that they meet safety regulations and identify hazards and risks.
anticipate shipment handling requirements;"Ensure correct handling of shipment cargo; calculate cargo weight and operate cranes to move containers."
write meeting reports;Write complete reports based on minutes taken during a meeting in order to communicate the important points which were discussed, and the decisions which were made, to the appropriate people.
analyse trends in the food and beverage industries;Investigate trends in foodstuffs related to consumers preferences. Examine key markets based on both product type and geography as well as technological improvements in the industry.
time-display methods;Types of time-display methods of clocks, such as those of analog clocks, digital clocks, word clocks, projection clocks, auditory clocks, multi-display clocks, or tactile clocks.
pests and diseases;Types of pests and diseases and the principles of spreading and treating them.
maintain recirculation systems;Monitor and maintain water circulation within holding units. Monitor the condition of the water filtering and purification equipment.
set equipment controls;Manipulate equipment controls to produce required volumes and required product quality. Take into account lab recommendations, schedules and test results.
wash hair;Use shampoo to clean clients hair and scalp, use hair conditioners to create volume or make hair more smooth and shiny and afterwards dry the hair with a blow dryer or a towel.
European vehicle type-approval legislation;The EU framework for the approval and market surveillance of motor vehicles and their trailers, and of systems, components and separate technical units intended for such vehicles.
write Telugu;Compose written texts in Telugu.
develop digital content;Create and edit digital content in different formats, express oneself through digital means.
provide clinical advice to team members;Provide regular or ad-hoc supervision and advise team members on clinical matters.
collection management software;Be familiar with specialised collection management software used to document and keep record of the museum collection.
analyse membership;Identify trends in membership and determine areas of potential membership growth.
facilitate official agreement;Facilitate an official agreement between two disputing parties, ensuring that both parties agree on the resolution which has been decided on, as well as writing the necessary documents and ensuring both parties sign it.
screen patients for disease risk factors;Carry out examinations on patients in order to detect early signs of illness or risk factors.
types of fibre for polymer reinforcement;Fibres used to reinforce composite materials, such as glass fibre, carbon fibre and plastic fibre. Their usage cases, costs, advantages and disadvantages, and production techniques associated with their use.
select gems for jewellery;Select and purchase gems to use in jewellery pieces and designs.
use free typing techniques;Know, use and write documents, texts and content in general without looking at the keyboard. Use techniques to write documents in such fashion.
promote human rights implementation;Promote the implementation of programs which stipulate agreements, binding or non-binding, concerning human rights in order to further improve efforts to decrease discrimination, violence, unjust imprisonment or other human rights violations. As well as to increase efforts to improve tolerance and peace, and better treatment of human rights cases.
operate rig motors;Operate, maintain and repair rig motors.
newborn care;The procedures required to take care of newborn infants immediately after their birth up to 28 days (WHO).
monitor grounds maintenance;Supervise ground operations, such as mulching, weeding, bush-hogging, sweeping all walk areas, removing snow, repairing fences, and picking up trash.
design district heating and cooling energy systems;Design a district heating and cooling system, including calculations of heat loss and cooling load, determining of capacity, flow, temperatures, hydraulic concepts etc.
manage production fluid in oil production;Manage issues and anticipate potential problems arising from fluids involved in the production of oil.
monitor milled food products;Monitor milled food products to make sure they comply with production requirements and quality standards.
organic building materials;The types and processing of organic materials to build products or parts of products.
conduct evaluation of quality standards;Evaluate the production, quality or packaging of goods in detail in order to ensure compliance with the quality standards of the producer.
ICT debugging tools;The ICT tools used to test and debug programs and software code, such as GNU Debugger (GDB), Intel Debugger (IDB), Microsoft Visual Studio Debugger, Valgrind and WinDbg.
write songs;Write the lyrics or melody for songs.
perform reconstructive microsurgery;Transfer tissue to cover a defect, removing healthy tissue from one part of the body, and move it to another site on the body and reconnecting it to a blood supply by suturing arteries and veins, using miniturized instruments and/or a microscope
develop water supply schedule;Develop timetables and working strategies for the collection, storage, and distribution of water used for water supply to facilities and residences.
psychopharmacology;The awareness of various effects that medicines have on the patient or clients behaviour, mood and thinking.
manage bank vault;Monitor, verify and manage the vault’s money supply, check the stored valuables of the safe and carry out other vault formalities.
wound closure techniques;Wound healing techniques such as inflammation, tissue formation, tissue remodeling and skin anatomy, and the suturing materials used such as staples, synthetic sutures, absorbables, tapes, and adhesive compounds.
wood preservation;Measures and techniques used to ensure the woods durability and resistance against humidity, insects, and fungi.
laboratory methods in biomedical sciences;The types, characteristics and procedures of laboratory techniques used for a wide range of medical tests such as serological tests.
use wrenches;Use spanners to adjust machinery and equipment.
vehicle cargo capacity;The capacity and the limits of the commissioned vehicle in terms of weight, type of cargo it can handle, and other cargo loading specifications.
perform educational testing;Carry out psychological and educational tests on the personal interests, personality, cognitive capabilities, or language or mathematic skills of a student.
fill moulds;Fill up moulds with appropriate materials and ingredient mixes.
Brightspace (learning management systems);The computer program Brightspace is a e-learning platform for creating, administrating, arranging, reporting and delivering e-learning education courses or training programs. It is developed by the software company D2L Corporation.
work with patterns of psychological behaviour;Work with the patterns of a patient or clients psychological behaviour, which may be outside of their conscious awareness, such as non-verbal and pre-verbal patterns, clinical processes of defence mechanisms, resistances, transference and counter-transference.
manufacture woven fabrics;Perform the operation, monitoring and maintenance of machines and processes to manufacture woven fabrics.
manage emergency situations on board;"Control proceedings in the event of a leakage, fire, collisions, and evacuations; implement crisis management and stay calm in emergency situations."
Solidity;The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in Solidity.
gather feedback from employees;Communicate in an open and positive manner in order to assess levels of satisfaction with employees, their outlook on the work environment, and in order to identify problems and devise solutions.
conduct specialised orthoptic tests;Conduct specialised tests such as colour vision test, Ishihara, Farnsworth, D-15, Pseudo-isochromatic colour plates, ophthalmic photography and corneal light reflex testing, analysing the information obtained from these tests to determine the effects of general pathology on the eyes and effects of eye diseases.
landscape design;Understand landscape design and maintenance.
metal forming technologies;The variety of technologies and techniques, such as forging, pressing, stamping, rolling and others, used for the forming processes of metal product manufacturing.
coordinate humanitarian aid missions;Coordinate the deployment of troops and resources to areas where humanitarian aid is required, and the operation in the area itself to ensure that the area is safe, the people have access to medical aid, shelter, and food, and that any danger and risks are removed.
provide nursing advice on healthcare;Give advice to, instruct and support persons needing nursing care and their attachment figures.
maintain stage equipment for horizontal movement;Execute maintenance activities on electro-mechanical equipment for horizontal movement on stage level.
prepare bread products;Prepare bread and bread products such as sandwiches for consumption.
order supplies for audiology services;Order supplies and devices related to hearing aids and similar audiology-related equipment.
employ translation techniques;Use a variety of translation techniques to increase the effectiveness of work, for instance to determine general and domain-specific terminology, to compile glossaries, and to tackle the text methodically.
conduct fire safety inspections;Conduct inspections in buildings and on sites to assess their fire prevention and safety equipment, evacuation strategies, and related strategies, and ensure compliance with safety regulations.
operate meteorological instruments;Operate equipment for measuring weather conditions, such as thermometers, anemometers, and rain gauges.
apply air force procedures;Apply the procedures present in a military air force and on a specific base and being compliant with all the regulations and policies.
cylindrical grinder parts;The different machinery parts of a cylindrical grinder, their qualities and applications, such as the grinding wheel, wheel spindle, added coolant supply, infeed, work centres, and others.
plan road fleet maintenance;"Assess the yearly programme for fleet maintenance; execute fleet maintenance activities without disturbing regular operations."
adult education;Instruction targeted at adult students, both in a recreational and in an academic context, for self-improvement purposes, or to better equip the students for the labour market.
paper production processes;The different steps in the manufacturing of paper and paperboard products, such as pulp production, bleaching, and pressing.
natural gas;The various facets of natural gas: its extraction, processing, constituents, uses, environmental factors, etc.
conduct fact finding;Determine relevant facts in order to conduct audits.
address an audience;Speak in a structured, deliberate and face-to-face manner to a group of listeners to inform, influence, or entertain them.
monitor airport service performance;Assess the day-to-day service quality delivered by the different departments of an air transport operator to its customers. Short- and long-term summaries of this information provide a vital input to the company.
bioeconomy;The production of renewable biological resources and the conversion of these resources and waste streams into value added products, such as food, feed, bio-based products and bioenergy.
analyse psychological aspects of illness;Analyse the psychological impact of illness on individuals, close ones, and caregivers and use psychological interventions to promote self-management, helping patients cope with pain or illness, improve their quality of life and mitigate the effects of disability and handicap.
develop footwear collection;Transform footwear design ideas and concepts into prototypes and, finally, a collection. Analyse and check the designs from various angles like functionality, aesthetics, comfort, performance and manufacturability. Manage the development process of all the footwear prototypes in order to meet the customer’s needs and to properly balance quality with production costs.
carry out environmental audits;Use equipment to measure various environmental parameters in order to identify environmental problems and investigate manners in which they can be resolved. Perform inspections in order to ensure compliance with environmental legislation.
breed stock;Breed and raise livestock such as cattle, poultry, and honeybees. Use recognised breeding practices to strive for continuous improvement in the livestock.
provide health education;Provide evidence based strategies to promote healthy living, disease prevention and management.
telecommunication industry;The major players on the telecommunications market such as organisations manufacturing and distributing telephone terminal equipment, mobile devices, accessibility, and network security.
understand spoken Azerbaijani;Comprehend orally expressed Azerbaijani.
European pesticide legislation;The EU framework for community action which promotes the sustainable use of pesticides.
pharmacology;Pharmacology is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
work in teams;Work confidently within a group with each doing their part in the service of the whole.
ensure health and safety in manufacturing;Ensure health and safety of personnel during manufacturing process.
check bottles for packaging;Check bottles for packaging. Apply bottle testing procedures to verify if the bottle is fit for containing food and beverage products. Follow legal or company specifications for bottling.
ICT capacity planning strategies;The methods, techniques and ICT tools used for planning the maximum amount of work that an organisation is capable of completing in a given period, based on the number of machines, workers and shifts and taking into account constraints such as quality problems, delays and material handling.
make farrier tools and supplies;Work sections of metal to produce farriery tools and horseshoes to required specifications.
de-rig electronic equipment;Remove and store various types of electronic equipment safely after use.
physiology of animals;The study of the mechanical, physical, bioelectrical and biochemical functioning of animals, their organs and their cells.
manufacture staple yarns;Perform the operation, monitoring and maintenance of machines and processes to manufacture staple fiber yarns.
handle gas cylinders;Grip gas cylinders in a safe manner and ensure they are compliant with safety and health regulations.
supervise site maintenance;Supervise the clean-up and maintenance of a specific site in order to ensure it is fit for purpose.
neuromarketing techniques;A field of marketing which uses medical technologies such as functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging (fMRI) to study the brain’s responses to marketing stimuli.
define celestial bodies;Analyse data and images to calculate the size, shape, brightness, and motion of celestial bodies.
prepare financial statements;Collect, entry, and prepare the set of financial records disclosing the financial position of a company at the end of a certain period or accounting year. The financial statements consisting of five parts which are the statement of financial position, the statement of comprehensive income, the statement of changes in equity (SOCE), the statement of cash flows and notes.
monitor patients vital signs;Monitor and analyse vital signs of heart, respiration, and blood pressure.
teach transport technology principles;Instruct students in the theory and practice of transport technology, with the aim of assisting them in pursuing a future career in this field, more specifically in courses such as the maintenance and repair of transport equipment, such as motor vehicles, boats, aircraft, and bicycles.
assess clients drug and alcohol addictions;Interview clients and assess their addictions in order to establish an appropriate plan for action.
perform metal active gas welding;Weld metal, mostly steel, workpieces together using active gas mixtures such as concotions of argon, carbon dioxide and oxygen.
manage bridge construction projects;"Inspect, assess and approve technical procedures; apply maintenance strategies, systems and procedures; assess the load testing of bridges; devise new methods of strengthening; and ensure the suitable design of bridges taking into consideration issues such as durability, maintenance requirements etc."
supervise pool activities;Ensure pool bathers activities comply with the bathing regulations: Inform bathers of pool regulations, perform rescue activities, supervise diving activities and waterslides, take action in case of harassment or trespassing, and deal with misconduct appropriately.
advise on offshore renewable energies subjects;Provide information and advice on maritime laws, energy sector policies, and any specific regulation applying to the offshore renewable energies.
provide emotional support to the bereaved;Show compassion and sympathy to the relatives of the deceased and people attending the funeral activities.
store digital data and systems;Use software tools to archive data by copying and backing them up, in order to ensure their integrity and to prevent data loss.
wear appropriate protective gear;Wear relevant and necessary protective gear, such as protective goggles or other eye protection, hard hats, safety gloves.
fire safety regulations;The legal rules to be applied for fire safety and fire prevention in a facility.
make electrical calculations;Determine the type, size and number of pieces of electrical equipment for a given distribution area by making complex electrical calculations. These are made for instruments such as transformers, circuit breakers, switches and lightning arresters.
give battle commands;Give commands during a battle or similar confrontation with enemy units to guide the activities of the troops, ensuring the safety of the troops and success of the operation, and give these commands in a comprehensible manner compliant with guidelines, and in dangerous and stress situations.
develop radiation protection strategies;Develop strategies for facilities and organisations which are at risk for exposure to radiation or radioactive substances, such as hospitals and nuclear facilities, for the protection of people within the premises in case of risk, as well as the minimisation of radiation exposure during working operations.
design a media integration system;Design a complex media integration system, based on a given concept and predefined requirements. This could be a permanent as well as a temporary installation.
cook sauce products;Prepare all kinds of sauces (hot sauces, cold sauces,  dressings), which are liquid or semi-liquid preparations that accompany a dish, adding flavour and moisture.
check dangerous goods transport unit;Ensure that a vehicle about to transport dangerous materials complies with safety and legal regulations. Perform visual checks to identify and report leaks or other forms of damage.
brainstorm ideas;Pitch your ideas and concepts to fellow members of the creative team in order to come up with alternatives, solutions and better versions.
understand spoken Armenian;Comprehend orally expressed Armenian.
respond to incidents in music therapy sessions;Recognize, interpret, and respond appropriately to significant incidents in music therapy sessions.
tumbling machine parts;Various parts of a tumbling machine, such as a deburr tub, tumbling barrel, tumbling compound and steel media ceramic polishing pins, their qualities and applications. 
building codes;The set of guidelines that determine the minimum standards for buildings and other constructions in order to protect public health and safety.
cut vacuum formed workpiece;After the workpiece has been formed and has cooled down, cut off any excess materials using a plastic guillotine or other cutting equipment.
tend cigar stamp machine;Tend machine that prints on cigar wrapper. Fill ink well on machine or place pre-manufacture labels to be placed in the cigar.
physico-chemical properties of crust leather;The properties, physical and chemical, of intermediate leather products that have already undergone tanning operations. These properties vary depending on the animal of origin and previous manufacturing processes.
quality standards of ophthalmic equipment;The various national or international quality standards for ophthalmic equipment (glasses, lenses, etc) such as ISO 10685-1:2011.
stock the bar;Keep and replenish bar inventory and bar supplies.
liaise with rail experts;Communicate and cooperate with bridge, geotechnical, materials experts, architects, etc.
present storyboard;Present finished storyboard to the producer and video and motion picture director. Make adaptations when necessary.
interact verbally in Marathi;Communicate orally  in Marathi.
ensure compliance with construction project deadline;Plan, schedule and monitor the building processes in order to ensure completion of the project by the set deadline.
urogynaecology;The diagnosis and treatment of urinary incontinence and female pelvic floor disorders.
deploy cloud resource;Identify and execute steps required to provision cloud resources, such as networks, servers, storage, applications, GPUs, and services. Define the cloud global infrastructure and remediate deployment issues.
assist customers;Provide support and advice to customers in making purchasing decisions by finding out their needs, selecting suitable service and products for them and politely answering questions about products and services.
enforce sanitation procedures;Ensure standards of sanitation and cleanliness essential to effective control of fungi and other parasites under intensive culture conditions. Obtain uncontaminated fish and eggs by strict sanitary procedures and avoidance of carrier fish. Supervise the isolation and identification of the agent with specific immune antiserum.
identify suspicious behaviour;Rapidly spot and identify individuals or customers who behave suspiciously and keep them under close observation.
use drying equipment for vehicles;Employ air compressors and other specialist equipment to dry inside as well as outside surfaces of a vehicle.
sporting equipment usage;Have knowledge of the correct operation and maintenance of sporting equipment.
advise on equipment maintenance;Advise customers on the appropriate products, methods and, if necessary, interventions to ensure proper maintenance and prevent premature damage of an object or an installation.
microfinance;The different types of financial instruments addressed to individuals and micro-enterprises who lack access to traditional funding, such as guarantees, microcredit, equity and quasi-equity.
rehabilitation of all organ systems;The principles of physical medicine and rehabilitation of all organ systems as related to physiotherapy.
biotechnology;The technology that uses, modifies or harnesses biological systems, organisms and cellular components to develop new technologies and products for specific uses.
write Latvian;Compose written texts in Latvian.
inspect government incomes;Inspect the resources available to a national or local government organisation, such as tax incomes, to ensure that the incomes are compliant with the income expectations, that no faults are being made and no suspicious activity is present in the handling of government finances.
promote sports organisation;Produce promotional literature, reports and event materials, and liaise with marketing and media organisations.
select recording source;Select the source from which programs will be recorded such as satellite or studio.
prepare stage effects;Prepare stage food, blood and other effects.
integrated circuit types;Types of integrated circuits (IC), such as analog integrated circuits, digital integrated circuits, and mixed-signal integrated circuits.
rear game;Rear and care for juvenile game in accordance with a game production plan.
footwear equipments;Functionality of the wide range of equipments and the basic rules of regular maintenance.
hardware materials;The characteristics, applications and environmental effects of materials used to develop hardware.
maintain machinery;Maintain machinery and equipment in order to ensure that it is clean and in safe, working order. Perform routine maintenance on equipment and adjust or repair when necessary, using hand and power tools. Replace defective parts components or systems.
business incubation;The process through which an individual or an organization contributes to the development and growth of a business start-up. It includes physical facility support (such as offices), networking support (such as connecting with partners or investors) and support services (such as providing coaching session on business development, technological innovation, scaling up a business, etc).
write Slovenian;Compose written texts in Slovenian.
analyse transportation costs;"Identify and analyse transportation costs, service levels and availability of equipment; make recommendations and take preventive/corrective measures."
apply chromate conversion coating to a metal workpiece;Prevent steel or iron workpieces from rusting and other corrosion by applying a protective conversion coat to the metal surface using the chromate found in chromic acid as the chemical for the process of immersion bathing. Chromate conversion coatings are usually applied on everyday objects, such as tools and hardware.
assist water-based navigation;Ensure that up-to-date charts and nautical publications are on board the Ship. Prepare information sheets, voyage reports, passage plans, and position reports.
school psychology;The study of human behaviour and performance with respect to various school processes, the learning needs of young individuals, and the psychological tests accompanying this field of study.
operate front loader;Operate a front loader, a vehicle equipped with a bucket used in mining for performing a wide range of small, quick operations where employing more specialised equipment would not be efficient.
load materials into furnace;Load materials in furnace with correct positioning, fastening and levelling when needed.
apply social distancing protocols;Ensure everyone is keeping a certain physical distance in indoor or outdoor spaces to prevent the spread of contagious diseases.
support nurses;Support nurses with the preparation and delivery of diagnostic and treatment interventions.
ensure maintenance of trains;Oversee train equipment maintenance and rail security.
condiment manufacturing processes;The manufacturing processes and technologies for producing condiments, spices, and seasonings. The techniques to produce products such as mayonnaise, vinegars, and cooking herbs.
maintain extrusion machines;Maintain, replace and install parts of the extrusion machines such as dies, rings or cutoff knives so that they are accoding to the specifications under which each type of products is to be processed.
shine shoes;Work with shoe polish to shine the customers shoes using tools such as cloth and brushes.
meet deadlines for preparing legal cases;Plan and adjust timings in order to prepare legal documents, collect information and evidence, and contact clients and lawyers in order to prepare the case properly.
dock pigs tail;Cut off part of the tail of pigs to keep stressed animals from biting each others tails.
operate spreader;Operate spreaders, used in mining to spread removed overburden over a dump area in an efficient and orderly manner.
breathing techniques;The various techniques to control the voice, body, and nerves by breathing.
manage chemical processes inspection;Manage the chemical in-process inspection, making sure the inspection results are documented, the inspection procedures are well written and the checklists are updated.
provide self management support;Provide evidence-based information and strategies on self management to the client.
postpartum period;The changes and possible problems that can occur in the six week period after birth.
park guests vehicle;Line up guests vehicles safely and efficiently and retrieve the vehicle at the end of their stay.
greenhouse types;Different types of greenhouses (plastic, glass) and other horticultural facilities such as hotbed, seedbed, irrigations systems, storage and protective facilities etc.
delineate organs at risk;Delineate organs at risk of toxicity in patients according to international consensus guidelines.
Kali Linux;The Kali Linux tool is a penetration testing tool which tests security weaknesses of the systems for potentially unauthorised access to system information by information gathering, vulnerability analysis and wireless and passwords attacks.
ensure maintenance of the advertising furniture;Regularly inspect, clean and maintain the advertising panels and related furniture such as public benches, streetlights, recycling bins for glass or batteries and bus stations panels.
manage tanning operations;Plan the required tanning operations to produce leather. This includes selecting the most suitable type of tanning for each leather good according to final leather market destination.
ecological principles;The understanding of how an ecosystem functions and its relationship to environmental planning and design.
review criminal acts;Analyse illegal acts committed by individuals in order to uncover a pattern of action, motive, and demographics.
handle linen in stock;Manage laundered items and store them in safe and hygienic conditions.
ICT sales methodologies;The practices used in the ICT sector to promote and sell products, services or applications such as SPIN Selling, Conceptual Selling and SNAP Selling.
use textile finishing machine technologies;Use textile finishing machine technologies that enable the coating or laminating of fabrics.
test wireless devices;Analyse and test wireless devices and digital platforms that use power management integrated circuits (PMIC), radio frequency integrated circuits (RFIC) or wireless chipsets.
history of philosophy;The study of the development and evolution of philosophers, philosophical concepts, and ideas throughout history.
act as a resource person in dance;Act as an expert consultant for choreographers, programmers, venues, conservatories, and other relevant institutions.
IPC standards;Standards and guidelines with regards to the use and manufacture of electronics and printed circuit boards. These regulations provide rules and guidelines on topics such as general safety rules, electronic equipment manufacture, electronic equipment testing, and qualifications.
types of maritime vessels;Know a large variety of maritime vessels and their characteristics and specifications. Use that knowledge to ensure that all security, technical, and maintenance measures are taken into account in their supply.
interpret performance concepts in the creative process;Learn and research a part, in personal and collective research and rehearsal, build an acting performance respecting the concept of the show.
ensure compliance with airport security measures;Ensure compliance with airport security measures prior to the boarding of planes.
food colorants;The characteristiques, components and matching techniques of chemical colorants used in the food industry.
market entry strategies;"The ways to enter a new market and their implications, namely; exporting via representatives, franchising to third parties, collaborating joint ventures, and opening of fully-owned subsidiaries and flagships."
clean vehicle exterior;Wash, clean, polish and wax vehicles exterior glass and chrome parts.
perform basket weaving;Intertwine materials with various degrees of flexibility and thickness to produce a basket or a similar form.
work with prop makers;Consult with prop makers about the props being used.
manage access programmes;Monitor and regulate the access courses offered to underrepresented students to develop their skills to prepare them for university. Analyse the efficiency of these educational programmes and apply changes to them if necessary.
monitor wildlife;Conduct fieldwork to observe wildlife.
monitor conveyor belt;Monitor the flow of the work pieces on the conveyor belt as they are processed by the machine to ensure optimal productivity.
verify oil circulation;Ensure that incoming and outgoing oil circulates through correct meters. Ensure that meters work properly.
place temporary road signage;Place temporary traffic signs, lights and barriers to alert road users of activities on the road.
neuro-ophthalmology;The diseases of the nervous system that affect vision and control of eye movement.
prepare wall for wallpaper;Make sure the wall is prepared for papering. Remove any dirt, grease, or debris. Make sure the wall is smooth and dry. Coat plaster or other porous material with a sealer to make sure the wallpaper paste is not absorbed.
promote virtual reality travelling experiences;Use virtual reality technology to immerse customers into experiences such as virtual tours of a destination, attraction or hotel. Promote this technology to allow customers to sample attractions or hotel rooms virtually before making a purchasing decision.
operate railway warning systems;Operate and maintain grade crossing warning systems, signals and railroad signal equipment such as hot box detectors and interlocks.
vascular surgery;Vascular surgery is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
legal standards in gambling;The legal requirements, rules and limitations in gambling and betting activities.
operate debarking machine;Set up and monitor the machine that strips remaining bark from timber or logs before they can be further processed, for example chipped for pulp production.
MOEM;Micro-opto-electro-mechanics (MOEM) combines microelectronics, microoptics and micromechanics in the development of MEM devices with optical features, such as optical switches, optical cross-connects, and microbolometers.
check paper quality;Monitor every aspect of the paper quality, such as its thickness, opacity and smoothness according to specifications and for further treatment and finishing processes.
roofing drones;Types of remotely operated aircraft (ROA) which are used for visually assessing roofing damage, image or video capturing and gathering general size information for roofing works and further construction.
analyse stress resistance of products;Analyse the ability of products to endure stress imposed by temperature, loads, motion, vibration and other factors, by using mathematical formulas and computer simulations.
follow nuclear plant safety precautions;Comply with nuclear power plant safety procedures, policies and legislation to ensure a safe working environment for all employees, and to ensure the safety of the public.
attend performances;Attend concerts, plays, and other cultural performances.
ensure train stability after loading;Ensure train stability after freight has been loaded onto the railcars.
convert textile fibres into sliver;Convert textile fibres into drafting sliver by working in the fibre opening, carding and drafting process.
handle petty cash;Handle petty cash for minor expenses and transactions required for the daily running of a business.
manage warehouse organisation;"Manage organisation and design layout of warehouse and warehouse staff; take actions to ensure maximum safety and risk prevention."
manage the use of additives in food manufacturing;Managing the use of additives or preservatives for food.
prevent damage to utility infrastructure;Consult utility companies or plans on the location of any utility infrastructure that may interfere with a project or be damaged by it. Take the necessary steps to avoid damage.
musical notation;The systems used to visually represent music through the use of written symbols, including ancient or modern musical symbols.
business analysis;The research field which addresses the identification of business needs and problems and the determination of the solutions that would mitigate or prevent the smooth functioning of a business. Business analysis comprises IT solutions, market challenges, policy development and strategic matters.
understand spoken Catalan;Comprehend orally expressed ?Catalan.
online job platforms;Online platforms which display job offers.
older adults needs;The physical, mental, and social needs of frail, older adults.
legal requirements related to ammunition;Legal regulations and requirements in the field of selling, buying, handling and storing ammunition.
help coordinate community arts activities;Determine the feasibility of activities (technical and artistic staff involved, general schedule and budget needs, approval of administration, etc). Create an activity schedule. Define the content of activities. Select a resource person or persons and ommunicate information to them. Prepare the necessary material etc.
grade foods;Sort and grade food products according to sensory criteria such as size, weight or appearance by hand or with the help of machines. Grade the foods into appropriate classes to be further processed.
electrical power safety regulations;The compliance with safety measures which need to be taken during the installation, operation, and maintenance of constructions and equipment which function in the generation, transmission, and distribution of electrical power, such as the appropriate safety gear, equipment handling procedures, and preventive actions.
cut glass;Use glass cutting tools or diamond blades to cut pieces out of glass plates, including mirrors.
assemble jewellery parts;Assemble and thread different jewellery parts together such as pearls, locks, wire, and chains by soldering, clamping, welding or lacing the materials.
proofread text;Read a text thoroughly, search for, review and correct errors to ensure content is valid for publishing.
maintain sanding machines;Clean and oil the machines used for smoothing surfaces, check for signs of corrosion, replace defective parts, and perform minor repairs to ensure good functioning.
weigh leaf quantity per cigar;Weigh and determine the quantity of leaves to be rolled in cigars according to specifications.
express yourself physically;Express emotions and ideas through movements, gestures, and actions.
inspire enthusiasm for nature;Spark a passion for the natural character of fauna and flora and human interaction with it.
monitor well operations;Monitor the daily progress of well activities.
attend to detail regarding jewellery creation;Perform great attention to all steps in the design, creation and finishing of jewellery.
improve customer traveling experiences with augmented reality;Use augmented reality technology to provide customers with enhanced experiences in their travelling journey, ranging from exploring digitally, interactively and in more depth tourist destinations, local sights and hotel rooms.
organise event participants registration;Organise the official registration of event participants.
ensure health and safety of customers;Promote and maintain a culture of health, safety and security among your customers by maintaining policies and procedures for the protection of vulnerable participants and when necessary, dealing with suspicions of possible abuse.
tutor students;Provide private, supplementary instruction to students individually to enhance their learning. Support and mentor students who struggle with a certain subject or who have learning difficulties.
textile chemistry;Chemical processing of textiles such as the reactions of textiles to chemicals.
animal training;Animal responses to specific conditions or stimuli. Animal behaviour, ethology, learning theory, training methods, equipment, as well as communicating and working with animals and humans.
negotiate with property owners;Negotiate with owners of properties who wish to rent or sell them in order to obtain the most beneficial agreement for the potential renter or buyer.
evaluate the psychological impact of speech problems;Evaluate how speech problems affect patients psychologically in their educational, professional or social environment.
apply horticultural standards and practices;"Establishes and maintains high horticultural standards and practices; providing direction, training and motivation for the horticultural staff, interns and volunteers."
organise resources for the vehicle showroom;Determine the resources and personnel needed for management and sales operations in a vehicle shop or vehicle showroom.
orthotics;The manufacture and design of devices used to modify structural functions of the skeletal system.
remove snow;Perform snow ploughing and snow removal from roads, driveways, and sidewalks.
adapt to new design materials;Without neglecting more traditional techniques and materials, monitor materials innovation such as new resin, plastic, paints, metals, etc. Develop ability to use them and include them in design projects.
collect growth rate information;Collect information on growth rate in farm aquatic species.
nutrition of healthy persons;The type of nutrition needed for healthy individuals of all ages.
work with advertising professionals;Cooperate with professionals in the advertising field as to ensure a smooth development of the advertising projects. Work together with researchers, creative teams, publishers, and copywriters.
provide chiropractic maternal healthcare;Apply chiropractic techniques and principles to provide care to pregnant women with safe, clinically appropriate, and highly professional standards.
educate on hazardous waste;Educate the public or specific organisations on the importance of correct handling of hazardous waste in order to promote public safety, ensure compliance with legislation, and raise awareness of the different types of hazardous waste and their threats to public health and safety as well as the environment.
Outsourcing model;The outsourcing model consists of principles and fundamentals of service-oriented modelling for business and software systems that allow the design and specification of service-oriented business systems within a variety of architectural styles, such as enterprise architecture.
develop new products;Develop and generate new products and product ideas based on market research on trends and niches.
prepare fishing equipment;Dispose fishing gear and ships deck for successful extraction activities. Coordinate the crew in this operation.
envelope systems for buildings;The physical characteristics of envelope systems for buildings and their limitations. The heat transfer principle in the envelope systems.
manage chiropractic professional equipment;Make sure that the chiropractic professional equipment in the unit/office is kept in good working condition and is maintained regularly as required by national legislative regulation.
quantum optics;The field of physics combining quantum field theory and physical optics.
deliver business research proposals;Compile information aimed at impacting positively the bottom line of companies. Investigate and present finding of high relevance for the decision-making process.
install offshore renewable energy systems;Install systems which generate electrical energy through offshore renewable energy technologies, ensuring compliance with regulations, and correct installation of the power system.
ensure safe transport of money;Make sure the money, security papers and valuables are packed and stored properly according to legislation and see to secure transports by personally handling the goods and possibly checking the security systems in vehicles.
Puppet (tools for software configuration management);The tool Puppet is a software program to perform configuration identification, control, status accounting and audit.
virology;The structure, characteristics, evolution and interactions of viruses and the diseases they cause.
plan logging operations;Plan logging operations, such as the felling or bucking of trees or yarding, grading, sorting, loading or transporting logs.
use ICT ticketing system;Utilise a specialised system to track registration, processing and resolution of issues in an organisation by assigning each of these issues a ticket, registering inputs from involved persons, tracking changes and displaying the status of the ticket, until it is completed.
develop outreach training plans;Develop training plans for outreach and visitor service assistants, guides and volunteers.
create craft prototypes;Fabricate and prepare prototypes or models of objects to be crafted.
promote social change;Promote changes in relationships between individuals, families, groups, organisations and communities by taking into consideration and coping with unpredictable changes, at the micro, macro and mezzo level.
oversee park land use;Supervise the development of the land, such as camping sites or places of interest. Oversee the management of natural lands of different types.
vacuum surfaces;Use a vacuum cleaner to remove dust and small particles from floors, drapes, carpets or furniture.
use nuclear medicine techniques;Utilise nuclear medicine techniques such as the administration of radiopharmaceuticals to treat and diagnose the patient. Use a wide range of technology and equipment.
portfolio management in textile manufacturing;The process of managing teams and projects in textile and clothing product development.
calculate utility payments;Calculate the payments owed by organisations or individuals to corporations providing utility services, based on the readings of their utility meters.
archive documentation related to work;Select relevant documentation related to the ongoing or complete work and take steps to archive it in a way that ensures its future accessibility.
maintain inventory of rail track parts;Ensure there is sufficient spare track parts in order to execute scheduled track maintenance services.
evaluate advertising campaign;Assess the performance of the advertising campaign after implementation and conclusion. Check if objectives were met and if the campaign was successful.
intracranial hypertension;The pathophysiology of elevated intracranial pressure and cerebral perfusion, the influence of blood gases, blood pressure, fluid and electrolyte balance.
programmable logic controller;Programmable logic controllers or PLCs are computer control systems used for the monitoring and control of input and output as well as the automation of electromechanical processes.
marker making;Marker diagram of a precise arrangement of pattern pieces for a specific style and the sizes to be cut from a single spread. Markers can be made by manually tracing master patterns onto the fabric or paper or by manipulating and plotting computerised pattern images. Process of determining the most efficient layout of pattern pieces for a specified style, fabric and distribution of sizes. 
promote human rights;Promote and respect human rights and diversity in light of the physical, psychological, spiritual and social needs of autonomous individuals, taking into account their opinions, beliefs and values, and the international and national codes of ethics, as well as the ethical implications of healthcare provision, ensuring their right to privacy and honouring for the confidentiality of healthcare information.
use ICT hardware;Ability to use equipment such as monitor, mouse, keyboard, storage devices, printers, scanners etc to perform operations such as plugging in, starting up, shutting down, rebooting, saving files and other operations.
manage disaster recovery plans;Prepare, test and execute, when necessary, a plan of action to retrieve or compensate lost information system data.
maintain records of financial transactions;Collate all the financial transactions done in the daily operations of a business and record them in their respective accounts.
provide support in vessel machinery systems;Provide support based on knowledge of maritime operations, vessel assurance, and machinery systems.
administer hydrotherapy;Formulate treatment plans and provide hydrotherapy treatment.
prepare planting area;"Prepare planting area and soil for planting by for example fertilising, mulching by hand or using mechanical tools or machinery; prepare seeds and plants for sowing and planting by enuring the quality of seed and plants.Sow and plant by hand, using mechanical tools or machinery and in accordance with national legislation."
consult with sound editor;Consult on the sounds required with the sound editor.
seal flooring;Use a suitable sealer to seal a floor, preventing damage from fluids and other spills.
plan maintenance activities;Plan and organise the process aimed at preserving equipment or systems in good working condition by inspecting the installation, resolving malfunctions, replacing worn parts and performing other maintenance tasks.
advise on hazards of heating systems;Provide information and advice to clients on the type of potential dangers they face, such as suffocation, CO-poisoning or fire, in cases where the fireplaces or chimneys are not swept for a long period of time.
plot show control cues;Enter, check and try out the different states in a show control board or system. Put in actions, levels, positions, changeovers, etc.
clean horses legs;Wash and brush the legs of a horse. Keep an antifungal treatment cream or spray on hand to take care of infections as soon as they arise.
use computer programs to improve patients skills;Use specialised computer programs to help patients improve skills they use in their daily lives, working on decision-making, abstract reasoning, memory, sequencing, coordination, problem-solving, and perceptual skills.
check in passengers;Compare passenger identity documents with the information in the system. Print boarding passes and direct passengers to the correct boarding gate.
prepare youths for adulthood;Work with children and young people to identify the skills and abilities they will need to become effective citizens and adults and to prepare them for independence.
traditional wood caulking materials;The various materials traditionally used to fill the seams of wooden boats in order to make them watertight such as, burlap, cotton and white lead.
estimate impact of risks;Estimate the potential losses associated with an identified risk by applying standard risk analysis practices to develop an estimate of probability and impact on the company. Take both financial and non-financial impacts into account. Use qualitative and quantitative risk analysis techniques to identify, rate and prioritise risks.
depreciation;The accounting method of dividing the value of an asset over its useful life for the allocation of cost per fiscal year and in parallel to decrease the value of the asset from the accounts of the company.
study court hearings;Read and interpret court hearings in order to format and process the outcome information of these events.
prepare equipment for harvest;Prepare the equipment for harvest. Supervise the smooth running of high pressure cleaning equipment, heating or air conditioning and the temperature of premises. Carry out the smooth running of tractors and other vehicles.
inform customers of activity changes;Brief customers about changes, delays or cancellations of planned activities.
transfer patients to and from ambulance vehicles;Transfer patients safely to and from ambulance vehicles by making use of appropriate equipment and manual handling skills that prevent harming the patient during transportation.
evidence-based radiography practice;The radiography principles that require the application of quality decision-making and radiography care based on proven clinical expertise as well as the most recent research developments in the field.
operate longwall mining equipment;Operate longwall mining equipment such as shearers and plows, electric pieces of heavy mining equipment which cut minerals, usually coal or lignite, on a longwall face.
electrooptics;The study and appliance of electrical fields to generate and control optical radiation.
write database documentation;Develop documentation containing information about the database that is relevant to end users.
place bets;Place bets for sports and racing activities.
apply social media marketing;Employ website traffic of social media such as Facebook and Twitter to generate attention and participation of existing and potential customers through discussion forums, web logs, microblogging and social communities for gaining a quick overview or insight into topics and opinions in the social web and handle inbound leads or inquiries.
select photos;Review sets of images and select the best work.
identify technical resources for performances;Identify the technical equipment required for rehearsals and performances and the necessary production elements such as sets, props and costumes.
repair furniture frames;Repair dents, cracks or holes and replace broken parts of furniture frames.
assess customers;Evaluate customers’ personal circumstances, needs and preferences.
Telugu;The Telugu language.
understand spoken English;Comprehend orally expressed English.
work with the director of photography;Work with the director of photography on the artistic and creative vision that needs to be followed during production of a movie or theatre production.
manage logs transfer;Select logs from storage and coordinate their transportation. Keep up with schedules and production requirements.
coordinate purchasing activities;Coordinate and manage procurement and renting processes including purchasing, renting, planning, tracking and reporting in a cost efficient way on an organisational level.
create animal structure;Manufacture the form of the animal and mount the bones to form the animals structure using wires, cotton and clay. For a larger animals, use also a mould, metal structure or sculpture to form the animal, and place it in the correct position.
carry out repair of vehicles;"Provide repair for vehicles and routine level checks, such as engine tune-ups, oil changes, tire rotation and changes, wheel balancing, replacing filters, repair engine failures; repair mechanical and electrical systems malfunctions; replace parts and components; repair body damage."
read technical datasheet;Read and understand the technical specifications describing the characteristics and functionality mode of a product, component or machine, usually provided by the manufacturer.
evaluate clients progress;Keep track of clients achievements by reporting on their progress. Monitor whether goals are reached and barriers or setbacks overcome. If not, consult with clients about their issues and offer new approaches.
host wine-tasting events;Hosting and attending wine-tasting events in order to share information relating the last trends in the industry, for network purposes and self updating.
adapt a script;Adapt a script and, if the play is newly written, work with the writer or collaborate with playwrights.
ensure gambling operational standards;Ensure full compliance within requirements of gambling legislation and regulation. Examples are the implementation of security control procedures and the compilation of performance reports.
manipulate glass;Manipulate the properties, shape and size of glass.
communicate technicalities with clients;Communicate with and support clients and veterinarians in case of problems. Provide feedback to production and management.
calibrate precision instrument;Examine the precision instruments and assess whether the instrument meets the quality standards and production specifications. Correct and adjust the reliability by measuring output and comparing results with the data of a reference device or a set of standardised results.
respond to electrical power contingencies;Set in motion the strategies created for responding to emergency situations, as well as respond to unforeseen problems, in the generation, transmission, and distribution of electrical power, such as power outages, in order to rapidly solve the problem and return to normal operations.
inspect carrier documents;Inspect written or digital official documents required by carrier or country of import or transit.
work closely with news teams;Work closely with news teams, photographers and editors.
support social service users to manage their financial affairs;Work with individuals to access information and advice about their financial affairs and support them to manage and monitor their finances.
evaluate budgets;Read budget plans, analyse the expenditures and incomes planned during certain period, and provide judgement on their abidance to the general plans of the company or organism.
prepare stone for smoothing;Prepare the stone for the smoothing process by wetting it with the hose.
dietary regimes;The field of food habits and dietary regimes, including those inspired by religious beliefs.
use repair manuals;Apply the information, such as periodic maintenance charts, step by step repair instructions, troubleshooting information and overhaul procedures to perform routine maintenance and repairs.
perform feasibility study on solar heating;Perform the evaluation and assessment of the potential of solar heating systems. Realise a standardised study to estimate the heat loss of the building and the heating demand, the demand of domestic hot water, the needed storage volume and the possible types of storage tank, and conduct research to support the process of decision making.
maintain material handling equipment;"Identify and report malfunctions and damage to material handling equipment; manage battery connections."
parking regulations;The up-to-date regulations and enforcement procedures in parking activities.
label components;Identify and label the different parts of goods or materials to ensure they are well kept for later use.
promote organisational communication;Promote and nurture the efficient spread of plans and business information throughout the organisation by strengthening the channels of communication at its disposal.
recruit personnel;Carry out assessment and recruitment of personnel for the production.
perform refrigerant leak checks;Perform refrigerant leak checks of refrigeration, air condition or heat pump equipment to make sure there are no leaks of refrigerant from the system using both direct and indirect method.
support individuals on nutrition changes;Encourage and support individuals in their strive to keep realistic nutritional goals and practices in their day to day diet.
gas chromatography;The principles of gas chromatography used to analyse and separate specific compounds which go to vaporisation without decomposition.
test pharmaceutical process;Test the systems used to manufacture pharmaceuticals measuring and analysing the processes to ensure that the products are produced according to specifications.
entrepreneurship;The development, organisation and management of an own business venture.
use mechanically separated meat;Use the paste of mechanically separated meat obtained in previous processes of the meat production as to produce products such as frankfurter sausages. Heat the SMS products before sending them for selling.
manage corporate bank accounts;Have an overview of the bank accounts of the company, their different purposes, and manage them accordingly while keeping an eye on their balance, interest rates, and charges.
develop material testing procedures;Develop testing protocols in collaboration with engineers and scientists to enable a variety of analyses such as environmental, chemical, physical, thermal, structural, resistance or surface analyses on a wide range of materials such as metals, ceramics or plastics.
differentiate honey depending on the origin;Differentiate types of honey depending on the origin, such as honeydew honey, blossom honey, monofloral honey, and polyfloral honey.
foot problems;Conditions and disorders affecting the health and well being of feet such as fungal infections, ingrown nails, verrucas, smelly feet, flat feet and bunions.
ensure quality of legislation;Read, analyse and improve the drafting and the presentation of pieces of legislation and policies in order to fully comply with the message that is intended to be conveyed.
work under supervision in care;Work under delegation and supervision of nurses to support nursing care and administration.
write Irish;Compose written texts in Irish.
conduct routine machinery checks;Check machinery and equipment to ensure reliable performance during use and operations in worksites.
inform on water supply;Inform and advise customers, installers and other company partners in matters of water supply such as distribution, quality, origin, regulations etc.
identify wood warp;Identify wood that has changed shape due to stresses, wear or incorrect installation. Recognise the different types of warp, like bow, twist, crook and cup. Identify possible causes and solutions to wood warp.
plan sports instruction programme;Provide participants with an appropriate programme of activities to support progression to the required level of expertise in the specified time taking into account relevant scientific and sport-specific knowledge.
use of specialised instruments in otorhinolaryngology;Correctly and efficiently use the appropriate instruments for otorhinolaryngologic procedures, such as laryngeal mirrors, the flexible laryngoscope, the nasal speculum, the otoscope with pneumotoscopy, the tongue depressor, the head light and the microscope.
monitor surveillance equipment;Monitor the operation of equipment used in surveillance and gathering of intelligence to ensure it functions properly and to gather the surveillance information detected by it.
issue drilling instructions;Prepare charge holes for drilling and issue instructions prior to and during drilling.
establish daily priorities;"Establish daily priorities for staff personnel; effectively deal with multi-task workload."
provide fitness customer care;Observe clients/members at all times and inform them where necessary about health and safety requirements and emergency procedures.
plan allocation of space;Plan best allocation and utilisation of space and resources, or re-organise current premises.
supervise religious organisations;Supervise the operations of religious organisations such as parishes, congregations, churches, mosques, and other religious organisations and institutions to ensure that the operation is compliant with the regulations of the overarching religious system.
separate unstable elements in the water;Use the adequate equipment to separate unstable elements in water such as iron and sulphur compounds by filtration or decanting.
manage vessel cargo activities;Manage and oversee the safe and punctual loading and unloading of cargo from vessels in port.
physical characteristics of railways;Familiar with all physical aspects of the railway, including train stations, the incline and decline of the right-of-way and speed limits.
position drills;"Place drills in correct position; set depths and angles."
wash costumes;Make sure that costumes are clean and ready for use when required. Take care to preserve the costumes in good condition as long as possible.
use moulding techniques;Use moulding techniques, such as rotational moulding, injection moulding, blow moulding, compression moulding, extrusion moulding and thermo-forming to shape liquid raw materials, such as plastic, ceramic, glass and metal.
natural gas liquids fractionation processes;Have an understanding of the processes used to separate natural gas liquids or NGLs into its constituents, including ethand, propane, butane, and heavier hydrocarbons. Understand the workings of the deethaniser, depropaniser, debutaniser, and butane splitter.
document survey operations;Complete and file all required administrative, operational and technical documents related to a survey operation.
prepare animal therapy equipment;Ensure that animal therapy equipment is assembled and prepared for use, including personal protective equipment.
supervise betting shop staff;Observe, supervise and schedule the daily tasks of betting shop employees.
create annual marketing budget;Make the calculation of both the income and expenditures that are expected to be paid over the coming year concerning the marketing related activities such as advertising, selling and delivering products to people.
understand spoken Romani;Comprehend orally expressed Romani.
environmental enrichment for animals;Types, methods and use of enrichment for animals to allow the expression of natural behaviour, including the provision of environmental stimuli, feeding activities, puzzles, items for manipulation, social and training activities.
Galician;The ?Galician language.
operate calender machine;Operate the calender machine which is used to coat and feed plies to the building table.
fire protection engineering;Application of engineering principles for the design and production of fire detection, prevention and suppression systems that range from the conception of fire alarms to space planning and building design.
tend filing machine;Tend a filing machine designed to smoothen a metal, wood or plastic surface and remove rough edges by applying filing, abrasive machine processes, monitor and operate it according to regulations.
identify forged documents;Identify forgeries by examining documents for signs of alterations or forgery.
screenwriting theories;The techniques and structures for writing a script in order to convey your creative vision through symbolism, dialogues, action, and subtext such as the Three-act structure, the Heros journey, and the Sequence approach.
extract juices;Obtain juice from fruits or vegetables either manually or by using equipment.
breed-specific behaviour of horses;The behaviour and specificities of different horse species.
prepare personal work environment;Correct settings or positions for your working instruments and adjust them before starting operations.
manage test drives;Select appropriate vehicle, carry out test drive and manage follow-up discussion.
undertake continuous professional development in fishery operations;Initiate and progress in life long learning of the different challenging activities and operations which take place on board of a fishing vessel or in an aquaculture facility.
repair mould defects;"Repair mould malfunctions and damage, e.g. cracks or broken edges; use hand tools, mould boxes and patterns."
customs law;The legal regulations that govern the import of goods in a country.
pack goods;Pack different kinds of goods such as finished manufactured products or goods in use. Pack goods by hand in boxes, bags and other types of containers.
separate ink;Absorb the ink from the substrate, which separates solid particles from liquid material by detergency. This facilitates the separation of ink from fibre.
follow up on safety breaches;Ensure that actions intended to reduce threats and improve health and safety are met according to the plan.
show confidence;Demonstrate degrees of maturity by fully understanding ones own qualities and abilities which can serve as sources of confidence in different situations.
develop models for weather forecast;Develop mathematical models of the atmosphere and oceans to predict the weather based on current weather conditions.
build miniature sets;Build miniature sets from a variety of materials, working with the design staff to create the appropriate prop for the production.
legal case management;The procedures of a legal case from opening to closing, such as the documentation that needs to be prepared and handled, the people involved in different stages of the case, and the requirements that need to be met before the case can be closed.
manage life-cycle of metal powder;Manage the life cycle of the metal powder material, maintaining part-powder traceability, as well as coordinating powder suppliers and powder recycling services.
clinical cytology;The science of the formation, structure, and function of cells.
operate industrial ovens;Observe temperature and heat oven to the specified temperature. Operate roasting pans and facilitate the roasting process with instruments that prevent grain from sticking to the pans.
intervene with actions on stage;Take your cues from actions on the stagte and interact with them. Take decision on the exact timing and procedure in a live environment, in order to product a fluid and consistent performance.
communicate with banking professionals;Communicate with professionals in the field of banking in order to obtain information on a specific financial case or project for personal or business purposes, or on behalf of a client.
enable audience participation;Encourage the audience to share a different perspective on objects, themes, artefacts, etc. Use the visit or the mediation activity as an opportunity to experience an open space for dialogue and getting to know each other. The very moment must heighten a better understanding of broad, social processes, issues, and their various representations.
identify risks in aquaculture facilities;Identify the hazards and evaluate the risks to health and safety in aquaculture facilities.
assess production needs to plan a production schedule;Make sure all production needs are clear before you plan the schedule. Take into consideration the demands of the choreographer, artistic director and company director and the the specific needs of the performers/dancers as well as the available budget.  Take into account work space, logistics, staging, lighting, sound, multimedia requirements. Factor in requirements related to costumes, makeup, hair and props.
interview people;Interview people in a range of different circumstances.
repair denture prostheses;Use the appropriate soldering and welding techniques to modify or repair components of removable and fixed denture prostheses.
trademarks;The recognisable signs, designs, and expressions that identify and distinguish products and services of a specific source from those of others.
corporate social responsibility;The handling or managing of business processes in a responsible and ethical manner considering the economic responsibility towards shareholders as equally important as the responsibility towards environmental and social stakeholders.
manage animal welfare;Plan, manage and evaluate the application of the five universally recognised animal welfare needs as appropriate to species, situation and own occupation.
export control principles;The restrictions a country imposes on its exported products and goods.
define costume materials;Define and assign costume materials and fabrics.
personal protective equipment;Types of protective materials and equipment foreseen for various types of tasks such as general or specialised cleaning activities.
assemble final product;Install and mechanically adjust all components and subsystems, according to factory regulations and legal standards.
analyse foreign affairs policies;Analyse the existing policies for the handling of foreign affairs within a government or public organisation in order to evaluate them and search for improvements.
conduct psychological assessement;Assess patient`s behaviour and needs via observation and tailored interviews, administering and interpreting psychometric and idiosyncratic assessments.
perform surgical procedures on animals;Apply operative manual and instrument specific techniques on an animal with the intention of modifying physiological status, and/or restoring normal organ or tissue function or structure.
develop promotional tools;Generate promotional material and collaborate in the production of promotional text, videos, photos, etc. Keep previous promotional material organised.
remove mixture excess;Remove the extra mixture on top of the mould by using a wire.
building automation;Type of automatic control system where through a Building Managements System or Building Automation System (BAS) the control of a buildings ventilation, humidity, heating, lighting and other systems is being automated at centralized location and monitored through electronic systems. Can be set to optimize energy consumption.  
interview focus groups;Interview a group of people about their perceptions, opinions, principles, beliefs, and attitudes towards a concept, system, product or idea in an interactive group setting where the participants can talk freely amongst themselves.
apply procedures and regulations for eco-labelling;Identify, select and apply procedures and regulations to verify the compliance of specific requirements of EU eco-labelling.  
smart contract;A software program in which the terms of a contract or transaction are directly coded. Smart contracts are executed automatically upon fulfilment of the terms and therefore require no third party to oversee and register the contract or transaction.
maintain game equipment;Repair game equipment, buildings and game pens. Clean guns after use.
organise on-site amenities;Ensure that necessary daily amenities for visitors, vendors, expositors, and public in general are given and functioning properly. Ensure provision of reception, parking, toilets, catering, and accommodation amenities.
select materials for orthodontic appliances;Determine the appropriate materials for removable or permanent orthodontic appliances, paying attention to design and function as specified by prescription.
determine production capacity;Determine how many parts or tools can be manufactured by one machine during one production cycle.
ensure the positioning of the patient for surgery;Create conditions for the most advantageous positioning of the patient in preparation for surgery, working from the surgeon`s indications, making sure the patient is safe and comfortable.
advise on sustainable management policies;Contribute to planning and policy development for sustainable management, including input in environmental impact assessments.
give out grants;Handle grants given out by an organisation, company or the government. Give the appropriate grants to the grant recipient while instructing him or her about the process and responsibilities linked to it.
prescribe healthcare products;Prescribe healthcare products, when indicated, for therapeutic effectiveness, appropriate to the client`s needs and in accordance with evidence-based practice, national and practice protocols and within scope of practice.
family therapy;The type of counseling that is applied to families and couples in order to improve their intimate relationships, communication and resolve conflicts.
select aquaculture equipment;Determine aquaculture equipment in accordance with the needs of the company.
manage licensee portofolio;Handle data and files for all licensees that use the products, trademarks or services of a company under a licensing agreement.
test construction material samples;Randomly select samples from a batch of construction materials and test their quality visually and using a variety of tests to gauge their relevant characteristics.
perform minor repairs to buildings systems;Make minor repairs and adjustment to the heating, cooling or plumbing system or other electrical systems.
dairy and edible oil products;The offered dairy products and edible oil products, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
forecast timber production;Monitor and forecast timber production in order to identify future trends and actions in production.
surveying methods;Have an understanding of surveying methods, remote sensing methods and equipment.
own management skills;Propose program priorities and strategies and have the ability to organize national and/or international meetings.
drive heavy duty trucks for snow removal;Drive specialised trucks required to remove snow from various building structures and other public spaces. Follow appropriate traffic regulations in such circumstances.
inspect aircraft cleanliness;"Conduct inspections to ensure the aircraft is clean; inspect whether refuse has been removed, whether the seats are arranged properly, and the cleanliness of galleys and lavatories."
draft tender documentation;Draft tender documentation which defines the exclusion, selection and award criteria and explains the administrative requirements of the procedure, justifies the estimated value of the contract, and specifies the terms and conditions under which tenders are to be submitted, evaluated and awarded, in line with the organisation policy and with European and national regulations.
determine salaries;Determine salaries for employees.
assist at check-in;Help holidaymakers with their check-in and show them their accommodation.
hearing aids;The types, characteristics and suppliers of hearing devices which amplify sound for the individual who is wearing it, with the aim of making speech more intelligible, and to correct impaired hearing.
establish waste collection routes;Establish and outline the routes which would ensure efficient and fast waste collection in the designated area.
approve advertising campaign;Check all advertising material such as leaflets, websites, television commercials and newspaper ads to make sure they comply with the advertising strategy and customer requirements. Approve the way of distribution.
hybrid model;The hybrid model consists of principles and fundamentals of service-oriented modelling for business and software systems that allow the design and specification of service-oriented business systems within a variety of architectural styles, such as enterprise architecture.
mould vinyl records;Mould vinyl records by placing plastic compounds into the press mould, starting the press cycle under which it forms a record. Place the record onto the edge trimmer, rotating the record against circular blades to trim flash the record edge.
arrange furniture;Move and set up pieces of furniture, such as chairs and tables, in order to prepare seminars and meetings or restore the initial appearance of a room or building after an event or meeting.
analyse samples of food and beverages;Examine if food or beverages are safe for human consumption. Verify the right levels of key ingredients and the correctness of the label declarations and the levels of nutrients present. Ensure samples of food and beverages comply to specific standards or procedures.
trim bovine hooves;Carry out the trimming of bovine hooves to maintain hoof health, welfare of the animal and productivity taking into account safe working practices for self and animal.
provide opportunities for animals to express natural behaviour;Be aware of the natural behaviour of animals and adapt captive environments to encourage this behaviour. This may involve changes to environments, diets, group compositions, husbandry routines etc.
types of boring heads;Qualities and applications of various types of boring heads, such as rough boring heads, fine boring heads and others.
personality development theories;The theories of the healthy and psychopathological personality development.
analyse blood samples;Analyse blood samples using computer-aided and manual techniques, looking for white or red blood cell abnormalities and other risk factors.
refractive power;Refractive power or optical power is the degree to which an optical system, such as a lens, converges or diverges light. Diverging lenses possess negative refractive power, while converging lenses possess positive refractive power.
dipping tank types;The various types of tanks used for coating and dipping processes, such as hydro dipping tank, paint dip tank, and others.
stay up to date with social media;Keep up with the trends and people on social media such as Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.
manage obstacle control;Handle applications for temporary structures that are likely to last less than three months.
manufacturing of small metal parts;The manufacture of metal cable, plaited bands and other articles of that typr, uninsulated or insulated cable not capable of being used as a conductor of electricity, coated or cored wire as well as barbed wire, wire fencing, grill, netting, cloth etc. Manufacture of coated electrodes for electric arc-welding, nails and pins, chain and springs (except watch springs):  as well as leaves for springs.
inspect binding work;Check stitched, collated, bound, and unbound paper to ascertain that pages are bound in numerical or folio order according to the sample copy. Follow up consequences of possible defects such as imperfect bindings, ink spots, torn, loose or uneven pages, and loose or uncut threads.
genetic selection programme;The methods used to plan and carry out a genetic selection programme for selected species of fish, molluscs, crustaceans and others.
interact verbally in Norwegian;Communicate orally in Norwegian.
create media plan;Determine how, where and when advertisments will be distributed in various media. Decide on consumer target group, area and marketing objectives in order to choose the media platform for advertising.
regulate gas-firing;Regulate the gas-firing on the glass sheets edges in order to avoid the slippage of the sheets from the guide wheels.
oversee the presentation of vehicles in dealership;Direct and monitor the physical display of vehicles on the premises.
communicate with nursing staff;Communicate with nurses and other health professionals ensuring the delivery of quality and safe patient care.
maintain lottery equipment;Manage lottery equipments (mechanics and electronics) and monitor selling procedures.
administer ingredients in food production;ngredients to be added and the required amounts according to the recipe and the way those ingredients are to be administered.
measure paper sheets;Use a ruler to measure and accommodate the size and sequence of paper sheets to be used. Position, adjust, and secure the paper inside the measure guides in a specified position.
interpret languages in live broadcasting shows;Interpret spoken information in live broadcasting outlets whether in a consecutive or simultaneous fashion for interviews, political speeches, and public announcements.
diagnose defective engines;"Diagnose engine damage or malfunctions by inspecting mechanical equipment; utilise instruments such as chassis charts, pressure gauges, and motor analysers."
assist missionary work;Assist in the tasks fulfilled by missionaries, such as improving health care, education, spiritual guidance, literacy, social justice, and other charitable tasks, in a specific area, in order to spread spiritual messages and also to provide aid where possible.
follow hygienic work practices;Comply with industry legislation, regulations and codes of practice concerning hygiene in the workplace.
adjust video transmissions;Adjust the fidelity, brightness, and contrast of video transmissions by using video console control panels.
repair wood board machinery;Repair broken components or systems of machinery and equipment used to create wooden or cork boards, using hand and power tools.
write dialogues;Write conversations between characters.
organise facility activities;Design and promote activities to meet customer demand and generate revenue.
natural areas maintenance;The methods to maintain the assets (both natural and constructed) of natural areas, including program development and implementation.
ensure finished product meet requirements;Ensure that finished products meet or exceed company specifications.
advice food processing professionals;Give advice and instruct employees active in the food processing industry about the most efficient and correct methods used in the production of food and beverages.
wine fermentation process;Process of fermentation of wine, which involves the different steps to be followed, the time lapses in the process and the parameters of the product.
types of ammunition;Types of small weapons, such as pistols and machine guns, their functionality, various types of ammunition and position on the market.
ensure information security;Ensure that the information gathered during surveillance or investigations remains in the hands of those authorised to receive and use it, and does not fall into enemy or otherwise non-authorised individuals hands.
transfer designs on workpiece;Operate stylus and cutting tools, duplicate design or letters on a workpiece.
operate railway freight monitoring technologies;Operate monitoring and inspection technologies that can be used to check crucial parameters of freight transportation conditions or vehicle-track systems. Identify and warn of the potential threats posed by the freight, the route, and the train.
set commercial strategies in vehicle showroom;Elaborate plans to increase sales of new or used cars in a local distribution of vehicles.   
use analytics for commercial purposes;Understand, extract and make use of patterns found in data. Use analytics to describe consistent happenings in observed samples in order to apply them to commercial plans, strategies, and corporate quests.
film music techniques;Understand how film music can create desired effects or moods.
contribute to the rehabilitation process;Contribute to the rehabilitation process to enhance activity, functioning and participation using a person-centered and evidence-based approach.
construct dams;Dewater a suitable area through the construction of a diversion tunnel and use earthmoving equipment to build a coffer dam. Remove rocks and rubble in order to construct a plant, which uses concrete to prevent water leakages by using waterstops.
types of hand-operated printing devices;Process of creating various types hand-operated printing devices, such as stamps, seals, embossing labels or inked pads and their applications.
prevent theft;Anticipate on theft and robbery. Prevent goods, cash or individuals from being stolen or damaged.
types of wind turbines;The two main types of wind turbines, namely those which rotate along a horizontal or those which rotate along a vertical axis, and their subtypes. The properties and uses of each.
research and development in textiles;Development of new concepts through the use of scientific and other methods of applied research.
identify customers needs;Use appropriate questions and active listening in order to identify customer expectations, desires and requirements according to product and services.
breed ducks;Prepare a suitable environment for duck breeding. Select and prepare the appropriate habitats for specific kinds of ducks. Monitor the ducks growth and health and ensure correct feeding. Determinate when the ducks are ready for trade, consumption or other purposes.
oversee promotional sales prices;Ensure that sale prices and promotions are passed through the register as they should.
install sprinkler systems;Install sprinkler systems and adjust the pumps, main feeder and lateral lines, sprinkler heads, valves, PVC pipes, controls, and electronically controlled water sensors.
fish, crustacean and mollusc products;The offered fish, crustacean and mollusc products, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
tend belt branding machine;Tend the belt branding machine by inserting the correct plate and feeding the belts to the machine.
boil water;Boils water in large quantities to perform procedures of manufacturing to food products (e.g. almond blanching).
operate automated stage movement control system;Operate an automated controlling system for stage movement and flying systems. Prepare and program the system including multiple synchronised movements.
Russian;The Russian language.
write technical reports related to trees;Compose written adequate reports about tree-realted issues for parties such as engineers, solicitors, or mortgage and insurance companies, for example if tree roots are causing problems to the integrity of buildings and infrastructure.
moderate a debate;Moderate a staged or unstaged discussion between two or more of people. Make sure everyone gets to voice their opinion and that they stay on topic. Ensure that the debate doesnt run out of hand and that participants are civil and polite to each other.
facilitate the bidding process;"Set the starting bid for items to be auctioned, and continue to ask for more bids; stimulate buying desire of bidders."
plant care products;The variety of products used to treat and invigorate plants such as fertilizers, sprayers, etc.
draw up marketing and sales plan;Write a a viable plan where the position of a business is described within a specific market and the marketing strategy for the following years is layed down. It should include knowledge of local, national and international markets, trade regulations and export requirements and sale or export duties and taxes. 
adhere to health well-being and safety;Comply with and apply the main points of health well-being and safety policy and procedures, in accordance with employers policies. Report health and safety risks that have been identified and follow the appropriate procedures if an accident or injury should occur.
follow up accounts receivables;Revise the accounts receivables section in the financial statements in order to breakdown the financial rights that the company has over other entities. Take actions in order to close the accounts and collect the money.
read standard blueprints;Read and comprehend standard blueprints, machine, and process drawings.
process arisings from treework operations;Prepare arisings in accordance with the specification, the site, relevant legislation and industry guidelines . Process arisings appropriate to their condition, the specification and the site requirement.
examine credit ratings;Investigate and look for information on the creditworthiness of companies and corporations, provided by credit rating agencies in order to determine the likelihood of default by the debtor.
operate boiler;Operate sealed vessels which contain fluids which are heated or vaporised, not always up to boiling, for heating or power generation, such as in utilities. Ensure safe procedures by monitoring the blower auxiliary equipment closely during operations, and identifying faults and risks.
self-promote;Promote yourself by joining networks and circulating promotional material such as demos, media reviews, website, or a biography. Form a promotion and management team. Propose your services to future employers or producers.
drug interaction management;The managerial activities related to patient`s interaction with the medical treatment provided.
mobile agriculture;The use of mobile communication technologies such as smartphones and tablets in agriculture. Mobile agriculture solutions include for instance the provision of market intelligence services, payment solutions, insurance solutions, geospatial applications and applications for the traceability of products transportation.
develop sewerage networks;Develop systems and methods of construction and installation of waste water transportation and treatment equipment, which is used to transport waste water from residences and facilities through water treatment facilities, or through other sewerage systems, to ensure proper disposal or reuse. Develop such systems with environmental and sustainability concerns in mind.
examine crime scenes;Examine crime scenes upon arrival to ensure they are not tampered and perform the initial assessments and analyses of what may have occurred, as well as examining the nature of the evidence present.
compute results of games;"Compute amounts of players money wins or losses; scan winning tickets to calculate the amount of money won."
hydraulics;The power transmission systems that use the force of flowing liquids to transmit power.
forecast products demand;Collect, analyse and calculate the demand of products and services based on reports and purchasing activity of customers.
specify landscape design components;Create design components and materials which are appropriate to site, purpose and expected usage. Recommend plants and materials suitable to the scheme and within budget.
promote cultural venue events;Work together with museum or any art facility staff to develop and promote its events and programme.
provide information on the effects of childbirth on sexuality;Provide information to the mother or her family on the effects of childbirth on sexual behaviour.
conduct small vessel operation start-up procedures;Observe the working parameters of the vessels propulsion system from start-up onward. Check the operating parameters of electric generators in the switchboard, power sources and electrical and electronic equipment and navigation lights. Verify that the operating parameters of pneumatic and hydraulic systems are within the values.
determine authorship of documents;Determine the author of a document by comparing signatures and handwriting through handwriting analysis.
sustainable agricultural production principles;Principles and conditions of organic and sustainable agricultural production.
negotiate publishing rights;Negotiate the sale of the publishing rights of books to translate them and adapt them into movies or other genres.
liaise with film exhibitors;Liaise with film exhibitors to persuade them to show the film or series.
add paint hardeners;Mix hardeners with the paint in order to partially or completely solidify paint.
physics;The natural science involving the study of matter, motion,  energy, force and related notions.
tunnel boring machine console;Functions of the buttons, switches, gauges and monitors on a tunnel boring machine console.
order inventories of car care supplies;Order and store car maintenance supplies such as lubricants, filters and gases.
engage passers-by in conversation;Engage people in places with heavy foot traffic in conversations to get them interested in a cause or campaign, to gather funds, or to obtain support for a cause in general.
drain hazardous liquids;Drain substances which pose health and safety risks from equipment, appliances or installations in order to store the liquids according to safety guidelines and dispose or treat them as required.
crowdsourcing strategy;The high level planning for managing and optimising business processes, ideas or content by gathering contributions from a big community of people, including on-line groups.
ensure compliance with electricity distribution schedule;Monitor the operations of an electrical energy distribution facility and electricity distribution systems in order to ensure that the distribution goals are met, and the electricity supply demands are met.
manage meteorological database;Develop and maintain meteorological databases. Add information after each new observation.
link between dance and music style;The relation of a practiced dance style with music structure and musicians.
test gas purity;Test the purity of the gas using specific testing equipment.
monitor pulp quality;Ensure quality of recycled papers and pulp, reviewing stickies, plastics, colour, unbleached fibres, brightness, and dirt.
develop documentation in accordance with legal requirements;Create professionally written content describing products, applications, components, functions or services in compliance with legal requirements and internal or external standards.
implement sustainable procurement;Incorporate strategic public policy goals into procurement procedures, such as green public procurement (GPP) and socially responsible public procurement (SRPP). Contribute to reducing the environmental impact of procurement, to achieving social goals and to improving value for money for the organisation and for society at large.
prepare veterinary anaesthetic equipment;Prepare and turn on all equipment required for animal anaesthesia, such as the anaesthesia machine, breathing circuit, endotracheal tube, intubation tools and anaesthetic monitors. Ensure they function and have undergone appropriate safety checks.
characteristics of precious metals;Variations of precious metals according to density, corrossion resistance, electrical conductivity, light reflectivity and quality.
dermato-venereology;Dermato-venereology is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
check passenger tickets;Check passenger tickets and boarding passes upon entrance. Greet passengers and direct them to their seats or cabins.
information extraction;The techniques and methods used for eliciting and extracting information from unstructured or semi-structured digital documents and sources.
monitor social impact;Monitor the practices of organisations and companies with regard to ethics and impact on the larger community.
sugar, chocolate and sugar confectionery products;The offered sugar, chocolate and sugar confectionery products, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
utilise regular expressions;Combine characters from a specific alphabet using well defined rules to generate character strings that can be used to describe a language or a pattern.
screw types;The various types of screws that can be manufactured, such as a cap screw, setscrew with hollow head, machine screw with oval head, machine screw with Philips head, flat-head wood screw, lag screw, self-tapping screw, and others.
risk assessment for window cleaning;Risk assessment process that takes into consideration all the risk factors, monitoring of control measures and recording assessments related to working in the window cleaning field.
search for information online;Identify digital information via search engines, judging its relevance and purpose.
provide feedback to teachers;Communicate with the teacher in order to provide them with detailed feedback on their teaching performance, class management and curriculum adherence.
design campaign actions;Create oral or written operations to achieve a certain goal .
animate in the outdoors;Independently animate groups in the outdoors, adapting your practice to keep the group animated and motivated.
read water meter;Interpret the measuring instruments which measure the consumption and reception of water in facilities or residences, and note down the results in a correct manner.
ensure maintenance of railway machinery;Keep rolling stock in functional condition and maintain railway machinery.
food products composition;Chemical and nutritional composition of food products, which enables the modification of existing products and processes and the development of new ones.
instruct others;Guide or teach others by providing relevant knowledge and support.
prescribe treatments related to surgical procedures;Prescribe treatment before and after the surgery, such as sedatives, diets, antibiotics, and preparation and treatment of the patient`s operative area.
oversee yarn characterisation;Monitor and assure the quality of the provided yarns by overseeing their characterisation and testing.
operate marine communication systems;"Operate on board marine communication systems; communicate with other ships or with on-shore control centre e.g. to send urgent messages concerning safety; transmit or receive alerts, etc."
perform small vessel safety procedures;Implement emergency measures of health care to sick and injured on board, according to established procedures to minimise potential injuries or illnesses.
operate LHD;Operate an LHD, a rubber tired, electric or diesel-operated piece of equipment used for cleaning roadways and hauling supplies underground.
manufacture fabric furnishings;Fabricate and design curtains, seat coverings, carpets and other fabric furnishings by cutting and sewing fabric and other materials.
prepare rehearsals;Decide on the content of a rehearsal. Immerse yourself in the choreographic material and other components of the work. Assemble the necessary technical and material resources and help to set up the rehearsal space.
web programming;The programming paradigm that is based on combining markup (which adds context and structure to text) and other web programming code, such as AJAX, javascript and PHP, in order to carry out appropriate actions and visualise the content.
mechanical systems;Mechanical systems, including gears, engines, hydraulic and pneumatic systems. Their functions and likely defects.
maintenance of ammunition;Types of maintenance techniques and the impact of various types of firearms and other weapons.
engraving technologies;The characteristics of various materials and methods used to engrave something on a surface.
operate landscaping equipment;Operate a variety of landscaping equipment such as chain saws, line trimmers, tillers, back hoes, bobcats, bed edgers, mowers, blowers, dump trailers, tillers, sod cutters, weed eaters, plant augers, and drills.
support veterinary diagnostic procedures;Prepare equipment and animals for veterinary diagnostic tests. Conduct or support sample collection. Preserve samples from animals for analysis and communicate the results. Provide care for the animal undergoing examination.
roofing techniques;Techniques used to form the upper covering of a building according to specific materials such as ceramic tiles, wood shingles, slate, metal, concrete of plant stalks.
implement ICT risk management;Develop and implement procedures for identifying, assessing, treating and mitigating ICT risks, such as hacks or data leaks, according to the companys risk strategy, procedures and policies. Analyse and manage security risks and incidents. Recommend measures to improve digital security strategy.
write Swedish;Compose written texts in Swedish.
STAF;The tool STAF is a software program to perform configuration identification, control, status accounting and audit.
ensure equipment availability;Ensure that the necessary equipment is provided, ready and available for use before start of procedures.
advise on communication strategies;Provide companies and organisations with consulting services concerning their internal and external communication plans and their representation, including their presence online. Recommend improvements in communication and make sure that important information reaches all employees and that their questions are answered.
instrument performance elements;Elements that indicate or influence instrument performance. A first indication of the performance of the instrument is the accuracy or precision of the instrument, such as its response time, resolution, and range. A second indication of performance is the technical performance of the instrument, such as its power level, the electromagnetic interference, and transient voltages. A third indication of performance are environmental factors that can influence instrument performance, such as humidity, operating temperatures, or dust.
undertake procedures to meet requirements for flying aircraft heavier than 5,700 kg;Ensure that operation certificates are valid, validate that take-off mass is a minimum of 5,700 kg, verify that the minimum crew is adequate according to flight needs and regulations, ensure that the configuration settings are correct, and check if the engines are suitable for the flight.
monitor art scene developments;Monitor artistic events, trends, and other developments. Read recent art publications in order to develop ideas and to keep in touch with relevant art world activities.
logopaedics;The theories and methods related to the voice, speech, language and articulation disorders for children and adults, whether congenital or related to accidents or illness.
test pipeline infrastructure operations;Perform tests on pipelines, such checking whether there is continuous flow of materials through them, examining for leakages, and assessing the suitability of the location of the pipeline is.
types of spa;Field of information which distinguishes different kinds of spa such as thermal, hammam, medical, ayurvedic, relaxation, destination and traditional spas. These practices differ in treatments, therapies, services, programmes and provisions.
use Google Search;Identify digital information via Google search engine, judging its relevance and purpose.
install transport vehicle interior components;Build in accessories for a vehicles, such as door handles, hinges and locks, both inside and outside. Customise the accessories following customers wishes.
coordinate drilling;"Start, oversee and stop drilling sessions; coordinate personnel on drilling site."
printed circuit boards;Printed circuit boards (PCB) are essential components to almost all electronic devices. They consist of thin wafers or substrates on which electronic components, such as microchips, are placed. The electronic components are electrically connected through conductive tracks and pads.
set brand positioning;"Develop a clear identity and unique position in the market; communicate with stakeholders and distinguish from competitors."
develop automated software tests;Create software test sets in an automated manner, ?using specialised languages or tools, that can be performed by testing tools in order to save resources, gain efficiency and effectiveness in test execution.
manage capture broodstock operations;Plan and conduct wild broodstock capture and quarantine wild broodstock if necessary. Monitor the collection of larvae or juveniles from environment. Control the use of appropriate techniques for the specific species i.e. fish, molluscs, crustaceans or others.
assess museum object condition;Work together with the collection manager or restorer, to evaluate and document the condition of a museum object for a loan or an exhibition.
operate cockpit control panels;Operates control panels in the cockpit or flight deck according to the needs of the flight. Manage on-board electronic systems to ensure a smooth flight.
perform electromagnetic geophysical measurements;Measure the structure and composition of the ground using electromagnetic devices which are either on the ground or airborne.
audit techniques;The techniques and methods that support a systematic and independent examination of data, policies, operations and performances using computer-assisted audit tools and techniques (CAATs) such as spreadsheets, databases, statistical analysis and business intelligence software.
operate imagesetter;Use a typesetting device that transfers electronic text and graphics directly to film, printing plates or photo-sensitive paper. The image is generated by a laser and raster image processor. Their use is to proof documents before the making of printing plates.
study community as a target community;Employ appropriate research activities to find out about this specific community as potential/target market. Identify their specific needs, the dance style, roles and relationships and communication systems employed previously to cover these needs. Research the importance of values, policies or language that are relevant to communicating with them.
sterilise fermentation tanks;Sterilise workspaces and equipment using hoses, scrapers, brushes, or chemical solutions.
manage company transport strategy;"Manage the transport strategies of a company; communicate with members of management team; ensure strategies accord with company goals."
office administration;The paperwork processes related to the administrative areas of an office environment. The activities or processes may include financial planning, record keeping and billing and managing the general logistics of an organisation.
repair wells;Perform maintenance and repair to wells with cracks and defects. Seal wells that are no longer in use.
comply with farm regulations;Ensure that farm activities comply with regulations.
educate on emergency management;Educate communities, organisations, or individuals on risk management and emergency response, such as how to develop and implement prevention and reaction strategies, and educate on emergency policies specific to the risks applicable to that area or organisation.
calibrate mechatronic instruments;Correct and adjust the reliability of an mechatronic instrument by measuring output and comparing results with the data of a reference device or a set of standardised results. This is done in regular intervals which are set by the manufacturer.
create business process models;Develop formal and informal descriptions of the business processes and the organisational structure by using business process models, notations and tools.
psycho-social forms of intervention;Types of support activities and interventions that can reduce stressful events, symptoms or risk and improve the quality of life.
adjust scraper bars;Adjust the dimensions of the scraper bars, using the belt conveyor, so that they are according to the specified rubber sheeting parameters.
wax imperfections;Wax the cracks and the imperfections of finished stones, selecting the wax according to the stone colour.
organise entry to attractions;Arrange the enrolment in activities and attractions. Arrange payments and pre-bookings and distribute information leaflets.
Waterfall development;The waterfall development model is a methodology to design software systems and applications.
manage engineering project;Manage engineering project resources, budget, deadlines, and human resources, and plan schedules as well as any technical activities pertinent to the project.
develop tourism products;Develop and promote tourism products, activities, services and package deals.
position V-belts on notching machine;Tend machines that notch and measure information on rubber V-belts. Position belts onto expandable wheel of notching machine.
monitor pregnancy;Carry out the examinations necessary for the monitoring of normal pregnancy.
remove air bubbles from fibreglass;Use brushes and rollers to eliminate air bubbles that could weaken the fibreglass, to ensure perfect adherence of the resin to the product shell or to previous layers, and to avoid any structural defects.
use techniques to improve wine features;Use techniques such as proper wine storage to maintain quality and actually improve in aroma, flavour, and complexity as it matures.
plan pilotage;Plans the navigation itinerary for a vessel taking into account tidal changes and weather conditions.
advise on loans of art work for exhibitions;Evaluate the condition of art objects for exhibition or loan purposes and decide whether an artwork is able to withstand the stresses of travel or exposition.
verify product specifications;Check heights, colour and other attributes of finished product against specifications.
implement operational business plans;Implement the strategic business and operational plan for an organisation by engaging and delegating to others, monitoring progress and making adjustments along the way. Evaluate the extent to which strategic objectives have been achieved, learn lessons, celebrate success and recognise people’s contributions.
maintain blocking notes;Create and update blocking notes recording the position of actors and props in every scene. These notes are shared with the director, technical director and cast.
plan nursing care;Plan care, defining nursing objectives, deciding on nursing measures to be taken, paying attention to health education and preventative measures and ensuring continuity and fullness of care.
maintain responsive design;Ensure that the website runs on the latest technology and is multi-platform compatible and mobile-friendly.
diagnostic immunology techniques;The techniques used in diagnosing immunology diseases such as immunofluorescence, fluorescence microscopy, flow cytometry, enzyme linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA), radioimmunoassay (RIA) and analysis of plasma proteins.
deck operations;Know general activities carried out on a ships deck. Understand the hierarchy of a ships crew and the tasks performed by different roles on the deck. Plan and coordinate vessel operation and communication between vessels.
hire post-production team;Hire personnel for the post-production team.
maintain the security of machinery;Maintain the security of site machinery and equipment.
manage office facility systems;Keep management and service ability of the various office systems needed for the smooth and daily operation of the office facilities such as internal communication systems, softwares of common use inside the company, and office networks.
educate on data confidentiality;Share information with and instruct users in the risks involved with data, especially risks to the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of data. Educate them on how to ensure data protection.
develop water purification methods;Develop strategies for the development and use of water purification equipment and plans, by aiding in the design of equipment, planning purification procedures, and identifying the necessary actions and potential risks.
test physical properties of textiles;Evaluate the physical properties of textiles by using testing methods, normally in accordance with a standard. It includes fibre identification and trouble shooting.
conduct preoperative investigations;Conduct tests before a planned surgical operation, taking into consideration possible risk factors apparent from the clinical assessment, the likelihood of asymptomatic abnormalities and the severity of the planned surgery.
perform HACCP inspections for aquatic organisms;Oversee and inspect slaughtered aquatic organisms to determine whether they are in unadulterated condition and therefore eligible to bear the mark of inspection. Verify that the establishment follows the HIMP process control plan, under which establishment employees sort acceptable products and parts from unacceptable.
create 3D characters;Develop 3D models by transforming and digitising previously designed characters using specialised 3D tools
maintain system logs;Maintain system logs or manuals to document equipment testing and operation.
disability types;The nature and types of disabilities affecting the human beings such as physical, cognitive, mental, sensory, emotional or developmental and the specific needs and access requirements of disabled people.
assist in the production of laboratory documentation;Assist in documenting laboratory work, especially paying attention to policies and standard operating procedures.
defend human rights;Protect human rights towards and between colleagues and also towards the civil populations one is in contact with.
operate digital hardware;Use equipment such as monitor, mouse, keyboard, storage devices, printers and scanners to perform operations such as plugging in, starting up, shutting down, rebooting, saving files and other operations.
organise information, objects and resources;Understand your tasks and the processes that go with them. Organize information, objects and resources using systematic methods and according to given standards and ensure that the task is mastered.
process collected survey data;Analyse and interpret survey data acquired from a wide variety of sources e.g. satellite surveys, aerial photography and laser measurement systems.
operate metal sheet shaker;Operate shaker by opening up an air valve allowing for slugs, the parts of the workpiece punched out, to fall into the shaker and be mixed and shaken before theyre either recycled and reused or discarded, depending on the material.
operate dump truck;Operate articulated or rigid dump trucks used in mining operations for moving overburden or minerals. Apply strong spatial awareness in manipulating these large vehicles.
regulate flow of shredded tobacco;Regulate flow of tobacco to make sure that each cigarette contains the specified amount of shredded tobacco.
Vagrant;The tool Vagrant is a software program to perform configuration identification, control, status accounting and audit.
manage grain storage;Transport grain to silos to be stored. Burn or bale any leftover straw.
prevent sea pollution;Organize and monitor environment protection applying the regulations for pollution prevention at sea.
maintain broadcast equipment;Maintain, check, and repair broadcast equipment to ensure continuity of operations.
gemology;The branch of mineralogy that studies natural and artificial gemstones.
operate optical equipment;Use specific optical machinery in order to cut, polish, adjust and refine optics.
develop an artistic approach to your interpretation;Contribute as a performer to the development of an artistic approach or creative project. Analyse and evaluate your own practice and expertise in general and in relation with the artistic proposal.  Analyse the artistic approach proposed and describe your artistic vision for the creation of your role. Identify the components of the show developing the choreographers or directors artistic intent and comprehending the character of the work. Participate in the creative process helping to prepare a production of the work.
maintain septic tanks;Maintain effluent sewer systems which use septic tanks to collect sewage, and separate solid waste from it, from residential buildings or organisations. Perform routine maintenance tasks and cleaning duties, identify and repair faults.
implement care programmes for children;Perform activities with children according to their physical, emotional, intellectual and social needs by using appropriate tools and equipment that facilitate interaction and learning activities.
develop flood remediation strategies;Develop plans and design equipment for the prevention of floods and efficient aid in the event of a flood, by assessing the risks, identifying improvements in existing strategies, and designing new strategies in flood remediation.
develop with cloud services;Write code that interacts with cloud services by using APIs, SDKs, and cloud CLI. Write code for serverless applications, translate functional requirements into application design, implement application design into application code.
catch poultry;Catching the poultry for examination, handling or movement.
composition of diets;The planning, selection, composition and manufacturing of diets for healthy and ill persons.
Eclipse (integrated development environment software);The computer program Eclipse is a suite of software development tools for writing programs, such as compiler, debugger, code editor, code highlights, packaged in a unified user interface. It is developed by the Eclipse Foundation.
prepare dietary meals;Prepare and cook special meals, according to the dietary needs or restrictions of the individual or group of people targeted.
test medicinal products;Test medicinal products and their effects and interactions in a laboratory.
carry out artificial insemination of livestock;Carry out insemination ensuring excellent hygiene, prevention of injury, minimal discomfort, and welfare.
implement instructions;Being able to implement written or oral instructions.
understand spoken Portuguese;Comprehend orally expressed Portuguese.
disorders of vital functions;The characteristics and disorders of vital functions, consciousness and unconsciousness, respiratory and circulatory system, bleeding, shocks, artificial respiration.
use fishing vessel equipment;Dispose fishing gear and ships deck for successful extraction activities as directed by the superior. Run shooting and hauling gear operations for its optimal performance.
use ballasts;"Manipulate ballast system; empty and refill ballast tanks."
advocate for social service users;Speak for and on behalf of service users, using communicative skills and knowledge of relevant fields to assist those less advantaged.
materials for doll creation;The characteristics of different kind of materials such as wood, plastic, resin, clays, mud and porcelain in order to create or repair dolls.
oversee assembly operations;Give technical instructions to assembly workers and control their progress to ensure compliance with quality standards and to check that the goals set in the production plan are met.
understand written Romani;Read and comprehend written texts in Romani.
draw up stage layouts digitally;Draw and design stage settings and layouts using software like CAD.
use paint safety equipment;Wear safety equipment appropriately such as face masks, gloves and overalls, in order to stay protected from toxic chemicals emitted during paint spraying.
supervise worker safety;"Ensure safety of site personnel; supervise correct use of protective equipment and clothing; understand and implement safety procedures."
handle humanitarian response programs;Facilitate the distribution of humanitarian aid within geographical areas affected by war, natural disasters or other environmental problems and hazards.
teach linguistics;Instruct students in the theory and practice of linguistics, more specifically in linguistic typology, language engineering, cryptanalysis, semiotics, syntax, pragmatics, phonetics, and morphology.
abide by business ethical code of conducts;Conform and follow the ethical code of conducts promoted by companies and businesses at large. Ensure that operations and activities do comply with the code of conduct and ethical operations the supply chain throughout.
insert core structures;Insert core structures using the appropriate hand tools or cranes.
communicate commercial and technical issues in foreign languages;Speak one or more foreign languages in order to communicate commercial and technical issues with various suppliers and clients.
Croatian;The Croatian language. Croatian is an official and working language of the EU.
maneuver cylinders;Roll cylinders onto the platform scale or position them on the racks, manually or using a chain hoist.
design musical instruments;Develop and design a musical instrument according to customer specification.
adjust planer;Use handwheels to adjust table levels and pressure bars of the thickness planer according to the required cut and thickness of the stock.
interact verbally in Latvian;Communicate orally in Latvian.
conduct veterinary consultation;Conduct structured and empathetic communication with clients in order to ascertain or provide relevant clinical information concerning health status, treatment options or other ongoing care of the veterinary patient.
undertake procedures to meet UAV flight requirements;Ensure that operation certificates are valid, ensure that the configuration setting is correct, and check if engines are suitable for the flight.
calculate tote price;Calculate the current dividend pay-out on the event of an outcome happening.
obesity;The causes, pathophysiology and effects on health of the excess of body fat.
manage service contracts in the drilling industry;Establish and manage service contracts for people working in a drilling company, which includes the nature, duration, fee and other characteristics of the cooperation between the organisation and the person.
place orders for bakery ingredients;Calculate and order proper amount of supplies and ingredients (flour, salt, butter,...) necessary for bakery activities.
provide support in financial calculation;Provide colleagues, clients or other parties with financial support for complex files or calculations.
plan procurement of meteorological equipment;Plan and organise the ordering and purchase of appropriate meteorological equipment and tools required for weather forecasting.
make abstracts;Write abstracts and resumes of documents summarising the most important points.
design database scheme;Draft a database scheme by following the Relational Database Management System (RDBMS) rules in order to create a logically arranged group of objects such as tables, columns and processes.
adjust rotogravure press;Thread webs of paper or other printing stock through the press and further adjust temperature, guides, and tension bars.
soil structure;Diversity of soil elements and types of soil in relation to plant growth.
consumer electronics;The functioning of electronic consumer goods such as TVs, radios, cameras and other audio and video equipment.
building construction principles;The component elements and principles of building construction such as types of wall construction and foundations, defects in walls and roofs and ways to address such defects.
polish gemstones;Use polishing agents or fine grades of diamonds to remove small amounts of stone in order to get a shiny surface that will improve light refraction or reflection.
ecotourism;The practice of sustainable travel to natural areas that conserve and support the local environment, fostering environmental and cultural understanding. It usually involves the observation of natural wildlife in exotic natural environments.
manipulate wicker material;Manipulate the properties, shape, and size of different sorts of traditional weaving material, such as various plants and wood materials.
multi-professional cooperation in health care;The way to behave during team meetings, visits and meetings in multi-professional cooperation especially with other health professionals.
prepared animal feeds;Composition, nutritional specifications and formulas of animal feeds. Feed additives, energy values, nutritional and supplemental needs depending on different species. Feed requirements according to legislation in force.
follow evaluation procedures of materials at reception;Oversee the delivery of incoming materials and follow a detailed procedure to evaluate and assess their characteristics accordingly.
grade young fish;Grade young cultured species.
dredging consoles;The configuration of different types of dredging consoles. How the functions of the dredge are mapped to the console.
dispense corrective lenses;Dispense eyeglasses and contact lenses according to doctors prescriptions.
revise quality control systems documentation;Revise quality control documents. Read through the documents, editing it, and revise items in the documentation like the numbering scheme, process to create new documents, revision and follow up process, closure of non-conformities, methods for tracking documents, etc.
track coffee deliveries;Track coffee and green coffee samples deliveries from vendors. Receive and record all delivery orders and invoices and report to the director of coffee purchasing.
maintain engraving equipment;Regular maintenance of cutting wheels and other mechanic engraving tools.
climb on railcars;Have the physical abilities to climb on and into railcars following adequate security procedures.
manage information in health care;Retrieve, apply and share information among patients and healthcare professionals and across healthcare facilities and community.
inform on renting agreements;Inform landlords or tenants of a property on the duties and rights of the landlord and tenant, such as the landlords responsibility for the upkeep of the property and the eviction rights in the event of a breach of contract, and the tenants responsibility to pay rent in a timely manner and avoid negligence.
sell lubricant cooling products for vehicles;Sell different types of lubricant cooling products for vehicles.
fuel distribution systems;Know all aspects of fuel distribution systems and components such as pipeline systems, valves, pumps, filters, and fuel monitors.
create V-shape wrap;Create V-shape wrap using the rollers to press the belts.
understand written Ancient Greek;Read and comprehend written texts in Ancient Greek.
test mechatronic units;Test mechatronic units using appropriate equipment. Gather and analyse data. Monitor and evaluate system performance and take action if needed.
monitor the use of resources in production;Observe and check the use of resources such as food, oxygen, energy, water in the production process.
energy storage systems;The systems to capture the energy produced at one time for use at a later time. This includes the differences between the main battery types, super capacitors and hydrogen or fuel tanks.
evaluate nutritional value of feeds;Evaluate the chemical and nutritional value of feeds, feed supplements, grass and forage for commercial animals.
art history;The history of art and artists, the artistic trends throughout centuries and their contemporary evolutions.
deal with patients anxiety;Recognise and handle the fears of patients undergoing a dental treatment.
participate in scientific colloquia;Take part in symposia, international experts’ conferences, and congresses to present research projects, methods, and results and to gather information on developments in academic research.
advise on manufacturing problems;Advise the visited industrial plants on how to better oversee production to ensure that the manufacturing problems are correctly diagnosed and solved.
learning management systems;The e-learning platform for creating, administrating, arranging, reporting and delivering e-learning education courses or training programs.
inspect education institutions;Inspect the operations, policy compliance and management of specific educational institutions in order to ensure they comply with education legislation, manage operations efficiently, and provide proper care for students.
lipspeaking;The practice of repeating a speakers message to people with a hearing impairment without using your voice, but by clearly forming the shape of the words, the rhythm, the phrasing, and the stress used by the speaker.
apply strategic thinking;Apply generation and effective application of business insights and possible opportunities, in order to achieve competitive business advantage on a long-term basis.
distinguish types of saws;Distinguish modern (made of exotic alloys) and older (carbon steel) types of saws, and understand their differences and their possible (dis)advantages.
slice crystals into wafers;Operate wire saw machines to slice the silicon crystals into ultra thin wafers of approximately 2/3 millimeters thick.
collection management;The process of resource evaluation, selection and life-cycle planning to create and promote a coherent collection in line with the developing needs of the users or customers. Understanding legal deposit for long-term access to publications.
connect oil well heads;Prepare oil wellheads for connection to oil stock tanks.
perform procurement market analysis;Collect information on key market drivers and on the potential bidders in order to provide an in-depth view of which supplies and services can or cannot be provided by the market and under what conditions. Apply different market engagement techniques such as questionnaires and technical dialogue to understand the characteristics of the supplier market as well as market conditions and trends and to identify potential bidders.
drop hammer types;The various types of hammers used in the forging process, such as a counterblow hammer, friction drop hammer, board drop hammer, belt drop hammer, power drop hammer, and others.
conduct airport safety inspections;"Conduct airport inspections to achieve maximum safety; inspect airport facilities, ensure equipment is used and maintained appropriately, and ensure staff members work in the safest possible way."
clamp tyre into mould;Clamp the tyre already placed in the mould, making sure the tyre remains clamped until the end of the vulcanization process.
develop a translation strategy;Perform research to better understand a translation issue and develop the translation strategy that would remediate the encountered problems.
manage mine ventilation;Monitor, audit and manage the air quality of the mine. Monitor the ventilation equipment. Manage air sampling equipment designed to identify toxic gases, and provide advice and direction on how to remove them, e.g. by installing ventilation fans.
support traumatised children;Support children who have experienced trauma, identifying their needs and working in ways that promote their rights, inclusion and well being.
technically design a sound system;Set up, test and operate a complex audio system, based on a given sound concept. This could be a permanent as well as a temporary installation.
protect surrounding area during chimney sweeping process;Use protection methods and materials to keep the surrounding area of the fire place entrance and floor clean before and during the sweeping process.
bingo terminology;The terms used in bingo, such as the rhyming nicknames often used to call bingo numbers.
maintenance operations;The preservation and restoration of products and systems, and the methods and logistics of these practices.
medical contrast agents;Substances used in medical imaging techniques to reinforce the visibility of certain features in organs or cells.
manage the security team;Plan, organise and schedule work, equipment and procedures to be followed for the security staff under your supervision.
clean ships;Remove dirt from the ship by sweeping, scrubbing and washing the deck and other areas.
regulations for hygiene in feeding animals;The body of regulations that require feed business operators to comply with standards of hygiene and traceability and the registration and approval of their establishments.
make decisions regarding the animals welfare;Make a choice from several alternative possibilities that promote the animals well-being.
conduct training on biomedical equipment;Train clinicians and other personnel on the proper use of biomedical equipment.
compression moulding machine parts;Parts of the machine that apply pressure on the usually preheated moudling material to force it into contact with the mould area such as the upper movable mould part, the lower fixed mould part and the ejector pin.
label blood samples;Label blood samples taken from patients in compliance with regulations and the identity of the patient.
assemble insulating glazing units;Assemble two glass panes with a spacer, usually made of stainless steel, aluminium or structural foam, and apply an adhesive sealant to press the glass panes against the spacer. Drill holes in the spacer to draw out the air, fill the space with gas or leave the vacuum, then seal the holes.
carry out repairs of convertible roof covers;Repair/replace the vinyl or canvas roof covers of convertible cars.
inspect underground power cables;Inspect the underground power cables during installation or repair activities in order to identify faults and assess the extent of damage or need for repairs, and to ensure they are correctly installed and maintained.
follow an ethical code of conduct for translation activities;Carry out translation activities according to accepted principles of right and wrong. This includes fairness, transparency, and impartiality. Do not use judgement or allow personal opinions to affect the quality of the translation or interpretation.
maintain breeding equipment;Operate and care for the equipment used in breeding procedures. This includes, when disposable equipment is not used, effective cleaning and disinfection, in order to avoid transmission of diseases, and to ensure a high welfare standard of the animals.
inspect waste disposal facilities;Inspect industrial and commercial waste disposal facilities in order to examine their waste permits and if their equipment is in conformity with regulations.
choose proper primer coat;Carefully select a primer from the same range as the paint to ensure optimal coating and paint colour quality when applying one over the other.
ensure safe spectator movement;Ensure the safe entry and exit of spectators.
design integrated circuits;Design and draft integrated circuits (IC) or semiconductors, such as microchips, used in electronic products. Integrate all necessary components, such as diodes, transistors, and resistors. Pay attention to the design of input signals, output signals, and power availability.
infection control;The routes of transmission and methods of preventing spread of common and important infecting organisms together with the methods available for sterilisation and disinfection of pathogenic organisms in the prevention of infection.
food and beverages on the menu;The characteristics of food and drinks items on the menu, including ingredients, taste and preparation time.
monitor ballast regulator;Monitor a ballast regulator, the work train component that arranges railway ballast for optimal stability. Report any problems or take the appropriate action.
promote health in specialised care;Identify health promotion and education needs for patients within the field of specialisation and develop and implement strategies as appropriate.
demonstrate musicianship;Show  knowledge, technical skill and sensitivity when performing music on a principal instrument or voice.
manage personnel;Hire and train employees to increase their value to the organisation. This includes a range of human resources activity, developing and implementing policies and processes to create an employee-supportive work environment.
issue official documents;Issue and certify official documents to national citizens and foreigners such as passports and certificates.
WordPress;The open-source web-based software systems used for creating, editing, publishing and archiving blogs, articles, web pages or press releases which are mostly managed by users with limited web programming knowledge.
establish draft annual schedules for vessels;Establish draft annual schedules and maintain the schedules of vessels as requirements change.
repair vessel mechanical systems;Repair mechanical systems of vessels while on-board. Ensure that vessel malfunctions are repaired without affecting the voyage in progress.
beverages filtration processes;Safe and economic method for removing impurities from food products and extending its shelf life. Importance of contamination control and how it contributes to superior quality product, a significant reduction of waste and a minimum of product spoilage.
create base for products;Manufacture the base or pedestal for a product so it can be mounted on top of it so the product can maintain its position and is easier to place.
carry picking work aids;Carry work equipment, such as ladders, small containers or canvas drop cloths.
English;The English language. English is an official and working language of the EU.
recruit student ambassador;Assess, recruit, and train new student ambassadors who act as a link between the educational institution and other communities.
perform diagnostic imaging procedures;Carry out diagnostic imaging procedures such as Magnetic Resonance Imaging to see see how the patient responds to treatment or to diagnose an abnormality.
write Malay;Compose written texts in Malay.
supervise costume workers;Coordinate and direct costume workers in the process of drawing, cutting and sewing costumes and samples.
maintain plant soil nutrition;Manage and support overall soil nutrition. Practice sustainable gardening techniques and integrated pest management in gardens both outdoor and indoor.
communicate in an outdoor setting;"Communicate with participants in more than one language of the European Union; handle a crisis following guidelines and recognise the importance of proper behaviour in crisis situations."
install floor coverings;Install carpets and other floor coverings by taking the correct measurements, cutting the fabric or material at the appropriate length and using hand and power tools to fix them to the floors.
plan music therapy sessions;Make a treatment plan, outlining possible strategies and musical experiences that might be helpful in meeting the patient`s needs, setting clear goals for the patients to achieve and agreeing on a programme of activity with the patient, to be reviewed at regular intervals.
promote agricultural policies;Promote the inclusion of agricultural programmes on a local and national level, in order to acquire support for agricultural development and sustainability awareness.
provide information on the effects of physiotherapy;Provide information on therapeutic outcomes and any inherent risks to the client making sure he/she understands, acting in accordance with ethical principles and local/national policies where the client does not have the capacity to understand.
glue film reels;Glue film reels together with a splicer.
history of patients psychotherapeutic problems;The records of the patient`s previous psychotherapeutic problems or disorders.
operate road marking machine;Operate the machine used to renew or make new markings on roads and parking lots to ensure traffic order.
adhere to standard procedures;Adhere to and follow the Standard Operating Procedures (SOP).
prevent social problems;Prevent social problems from developing, defining and implementing actions that can prevent social problems, striving for the enhancement of the quality of life for all citizens.
sketch designs on workpieces;Sketch or scribe layouts and designs on workpieces, plates, dies or rollers. Use compasses, scribers, gravers, pencils, etc.
sociocultural contexts in which animals are kept;An awareness of the human social and cultural contexts in which animals are kept and the impact on their use, care and human-animal interactions.
seafood processing;Process of all marine finfish, crustaceans, molluscs and other forms of aquatic life (including squid, sea turtle, jellyfish, sea cucumber, and sea urchin and the roe of such animals) other than birds or mammals, harvested for human consumption.
participate in technical aspects of the production;Make sure that all technical aspects of the production are in place. Operate technical elements in the studio. Observe and check the technical aspects of performances. Assist or stand in for the technical crew or production team. Verify whether costumes and props are available and in good order.
support other national representatives;Support other institutions or organisations acting as national representatives in a foreign country such as cultural institutes, schools, and other organisations.
prospect new customers;Initiate activities in order to attract new and interesting customers. Ask for recommendations and references, find places where potential customers can be located.
inspect repaired tyres;Inspect the rebuffed and fully vulcanized tyres in order to detect if any flaws are still present.
inflate sport balls;Place the ball in a steel mould and fill it with air fitting the needle of the pump through the small air hole until the desired pressure is reached.
practice emergency stops;Practice emergency stops. Know the interchange with anti-lock braking systems (ABS), as this must to be disabled before the execution of an emergency stop.
distinguish fabrics;Distinguish fabrics in order to determine differences among them. Evaluate fabrics based on their characteristics and their application in wearing apparel manufacturing.
supervise legal case procedures;Supervise the procedures conducted during or after a legal case to ensure that everything occurred compliant with legal regulations, that the case is finished before closing, and to verify whether no mistakes have been made and all necessary steps were undertaken during the progression of the case from start to closing.
apply cross-reference tools for product identification;Employ cross-reference tools and programmes, listing file names and line numbers, to identify part numbers, descriptions, and the vendor as source of origin.
scale etchings;Operate reduction scales and set pantograph controls.
types of paint;Varieties of paint and chemicals used in their composition.
aesthetics;Set of principles based on which something is appealing and beautiful.
apply Freinet teaching strategies;Employ the Freinet teaching approaches to instruct students, such as the use of Enquiry-Based Learning, Centres of Interest, Co-operative Learning, Pedagogy of Work, and The Natural Method.
trade foreign currencies;Buy or sell foreign currencies or valuta on the foreign exchange market on your own account or on behalf of a customer or institution in order to make a profit.
prepare tyres for vulcanization;Prepare tyres for vulcanization by building semi-raw rubber treads onto the already buffed tyre casings.
make independent operating decisions;Make immediate operating decisions as necessary without reference to others, taking into account the circumstances and any relevant procedures and legislation. Determine alone which option is the best for a particular situation.
sanitary technology;The characteristics and usage of medicinal products and sanitary technical equipment.
be at ease in unsafe environments;Be at ease in unsafe environments like being exposed to dust, rotating equipment, hot surfaces, sub-freezing and cold storage areas, noise, wet floors and moving lift equipment.
assess procurement needs;Determine the underlying needs of the organisation and of the end-users regarding the subject matter of the procurement, including the possible impacts in terms of value for money or environmental impacts. Liaise with internal and external stakeholders to identify their needs and translate identified needs into procurement planning of supplies and services in line with the organisation’s budget plan.
neuropathology;The manners in which the peripheral and central nervous system responds to  tumours, infections or inflammation  as well as to immune mediated mechanisms.
assess mortgage risk;Assess whether the borrowers of a mortgage loan are likely to pay back the loans in a timely manner, and whether the property fixed in the mortgage is able to redeem the value of the loan. Assess all the risks involved for the lending party, and whether it would be beneficial to grant the loan or not.
persuade others;Change a persons beliefs, attitudes, intentions, motivations, or behaviours with the help of reasoned arguments.
investigate social security applications;Investigate the eligibility of citizens applying for social security benefits by examining documents, interviewing the citizen, and researching the related legislation.
translate soundtrack;Listen closely to the soundtrack in order to translate the lyrics and understand the rhythm in order to create subtitles that represent the original gist of the music.
operate rubber mixing machine;Operate the internal mixer and the Two Roll Mill used for raw materials mixing, aiming to have as output dry rubber products.
control gas-fired furnace for malt roasting;Light and control gas-fired furnace that heats malt drying kilns.
analyse problems for opportunities;Identify and anticipate problems in order to choose a course of action, come up with appropriate solutions or even identify opportunities for further development.
consult on beer presentation;Consult on the presentation of beers, labelling, and the image of the beer according to the taste and the perception of the client.
oceanography;The scientific discipline that studies oceanic phenomena such as marine organisms, plate tectonics, and the geology of the ocean bottom.
monitor condition of hospitalised animals;Monitor hospitalised animals and make appropriate adjustments in areas such as nutrition, hygiene, and pain management.
textile products, textile semi-finished products and raw materials;The offered textile products, textile semi-finished products and raw materials, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
test sensors;Test sensors using appropriate equipment. Gather and analyse data. Monitor and evaluate system performance and take action if needed.
yeast fermentation principles;Understand the principles of yeast fermentation in fermented beverages such as wine or beer.
manage licensing fees;Handle and inspect licensing fees for a service/product provided under intellectual property right.
conserve new media;Digitally preserve and archive electronic records using up-to-date technology.
sport history;The background history of players and athletes and the history of sport events and games.
comprehend the material to be translated;Read and analyse the content and themes of the material to be translated. The translator must comprehend what is written in order to best translate the content. Word-for-word translation is not always possible, and the translator must navigate the language to best maintain the sense of the text.
collect briefing regarding products;Collect a comprehensive brief from internal and external customers regarding specific product requirements.
maintain audiovisual equipment;Perform routine maintenance tasks on audiovisual equipment as well as minor repairs, such as replacing parts and calibrating the instruments, on equipment used in processing sound and images.
assist visitors;Aid visitors by responding to their questions, giving satisfactory explanations, suggestions and recommendations.
ICT communications protocols;The system of rules which allow the exchange of information between computers or other devices via computer networks.
estimate fishery status;Recognize the basic biological data to estimate the status of a fishery: Recognize the captured species by simple ocular observation and compare the amount and size of catches to those of previous periods.
3D lighting;The arrangement or digital effect which simulates lighting in a 3D environment.
examine meters in connections;Examine connections to detect if meters of connections are unauthorised or illegally tampered.
transfer logs;Move debarked logs from the conveyor belt to pushcarts into further inspection areas.
analyse legislation;Analyse the existing legislation from a national or local government in order to assess which improvements could be made and which items of legislation could be proposed.
install metal roofing;Install the underlayments over the main roof decking and other covering materials such as ice and water shields, form and screw down the starter flashing along the eaves and wrap them around the corners, screw down the metal panels while making sure they overlap, and finish the roof by fixing the flashing over the joints.
perform sworn interpretations;Interpret discussion and legal trials under the oath that the interpreting activities are performed by somebody endorsed by the local or national authorities.
manage corporate training programmes;Monitor and regulate the coaching courses offered to organisations for developing the skills of their employees.
energy therapy;Alternative medicine therapy which assumes that healers use the channel healing energy to get positive effects on the patients` well-being.
maintain the trails;Check trails and clear away brush from trails and roads when necessary. Inspect campsites and prepare the area for visitors.
pest management techniques;Techniques and measures used to prevent unwanted pests in houses, buildings and their surroundings by preventing access or by deploying other techniques such as wood protection and bird management devices.
register deeds;Register authenticated legal documents concerning the passing, affirmation, or confirmation of interests, rights, or properties with the appropriate authority or government in order to officiate the procedure and for taxation and declaration purposes.
create musical structures;Apply aspects of music theory in order to create musical and tonal structures such as harmonies and melodies.
global navigation satellite system performance parameters;Know the Global Navigation Satellite System (GNSS) performance parameters, and the requirements that an GNSS system should possess in specific conditions.
transfer luggage;Transfer cargo and luggage to gates, airlines and to passengers in a timely and safe manner.
manage writing administration;Manage the financial and administrative side of writing including making up budgets, maintaining financial records, checking contracts, etc.
adapt production levels;Adapt current production levels and strive to improve the current production rates looking for economic gains and margins. Negotiate improvement with sales, dispatch and distribution departments.
operate fish capture equipment;Operate fish capture equipment, for grading, sampling or harvesting purposes.
tolerate sitting for long periods;"Have the patience to remain seated for long periods of time; maintain an appropriate and ergonomic posture while sitting."
formulate findings;Use analyses to answer evaluation questions and, where appropriate, to develop recommendations.
test starch samples;Test starch samples to verify that specific gravity, acidity, and filtration are as desired. Use a hydrometer and other standard test equipment.
lead hard landscape projects;Lead hard landscaping projects including paving, block paving and driveways, brickwork and block work, steps and changes in level, water features, pergolas and wooden structures. Read landscaping blueprints, review the plan with a designer, and implement the landscape construction plan.
estimate value of used goods;Examine items owned by an individual in order to determine its current price by assessing damage and taking into account the original retail price and the current demand for such items.
conduct foster care visits;Pay regular visits to the family, once the child has been assigned a foster family, to monitor the quality of care given to the child, as well as the progress of the child in that environment.
monitor compliance with licensing agreements;Ensure that licensee is well aware of all terms, legal aspects and renewal aspects of the license that has been awarded.
install fire sprinklers;Install individual fire sprinklers on a prepared pipe system. Point the sprinklers to a specified direction if required.
secure working area;Secure the operation site fixing boundaries, restricting access, placing signs and taking other measures in order to guarantee public and staff safety.
build a products physical model;Build a model of the product out of wood, clay or other materials by using hand or electrical tools.
prepare well formation evaluation programmes;"Prepare well formation evaluation programmes; communicate and collaborate with exploration teams."
tourism market;The study of the tourism market on a international, regional and local level and considering worldwide tourist destinations.
improve conditions of second-hand merchandise;Re-condition the state of the second-hand merchandise to be sold.
arrange pick?up;Determine ways for customers to pick-up cars according to their needs and specific location.
compute average weight of cigarettes;Compute the average weight of cigarettes in a sample. Compare the obtained value with standard to determine deviations.
solve location and navigation problems by using GPS tools;Use applications and devices which provide users with accurate assessment of their location using system of satellites, such as navigation systems.
risk management;The process of identifying, assessing, and prioritising of all types of risks and where they could come from, such as natural causes, legal changes, or uncertainty in any given context, and the methods for dealing with risks effectively.
flavour tobacco leaves;Flavour tobacco leaves to set off the taste of tobacco and to maintain the quality of the product.
assess environment of animals;Evaluate the domain of the animal including the quantification of ventilation, space and living quarters and measure them against the five freedoms: freedom from hunger or thirst, freedom from discomfort, freedom from pain, injury or disease, freedom to express normal behaviour, freedom from fear and distress.
work in shifts;Work in rotating shifts, where the goal is to keep a service or production line running around the clock and each day of the week.
anti-dumping law;The policies and regulations that govern the activity of charging a lower price for goods in a foreign market than one charges for the same goods in a domestic market.
apply gaming psychology;Employ human psychology principles for gaming development strategies in order to create appealing games.
assist healthcare users achieve autonomy;Assist healthcare users to achieve autonomy.
inspect vessel manufacturing;Inspect plants where ships and boats are manufactured to ensure safety and quality control. Ensure that components are manufactured in compliance with safety and design specifications.
bicycle sharing systems;The different public and private services offering bicycles to individuals for their short term use based against the payment of a price or a fee.
Berber;The language family of Berber languages.
maintain theatre equipment;Check up on, maintain and repair tools and machinery used for onstage purposes, such as lighting equipment, stage sets or scene-change machinery.
run laboratory simulations;Run simulations on prototypes, systems or newly developed chemical products using laboratory equipment.
promote music;"Promote music; participate in media interviews and other promotional activities."
international commercial transactions rules;Pre-defined commercial terms used in international commercial transactions which stipulate clear tasks, costs and risks associated with the delivery of goods and services.
sterilization techniques;The methods and techniques used to destroy or remove microorganisms such as viruses and bacteria that can contaminate medical instruments or any type of material in a health care setting.
dairy products;Variety of products deriving from dairy products such as milk, butter, cheese, and evaporated milk in liquid, solid or powdered form.
inspire dance participants to improve;Inspire your group of participants in your sessions through embodied understanding of dance and dance-making. Demonstrate dance movements regarding a correct body alignment, and applied anatomical knowledge in relationship to the dance styles you lead.
carry out pressure washing activities;Use high pressure equipment in order to clean areas, surfaces and materials.
carry out preventive airport maintenance;Carry out preventive maintenance on airport equipment and facilities in order to maintain safety, regularity, and efficient operation of air traffic.
Belarusian;The Belarusian language.
apply safety procedures in laboratory;Make sure that laboratory equipment is used in a safe manner and the handling of samples and specimens is correct. Work to ensure the validity of results obtained in research.
environmental legislation;The environmental policies and legislation applicable in a certain domain.
real estate market;"The trends concerning the buying, selling, or renting of property, including the land, buildings, and natural resources encompassed within the property; the categories of residential properties and properties for business purposes which such properties are traded in."
gastroenterological surgery;Gastroenterological surgery is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
tend CNC grinding machine;Tend a computer numerical controlled (CNC) grinding machine designed for manufacturing processes on metal, wooden, plastic materials and others, monitor and operate it, according to regulations.
SQL Server Integration Services;The computer program SQL Server Integration Services is a tool for integration of information from multiple applications, created and maintained by organisations, into one consistent and transparent data structure, developed by the software company Microsoft.
structure soundtrack;Structure the music and sound a film to make sure that all components work together.
replace cutterhead teeth;Replace the teeth of a dredging cutterhead when the teeth are worn out or when another type is needed.
Ansible;The tool Ansible is a software program to perform configuration identification, control, status accounting and audit.
outsourcing strategy;The high level planning for managing and optimising external services of providers to execute business processes.
install lighting;Set up, connect and test lighting equipment in a live performance environment.
calculate production costs;Calculate the costs for every production stage and department.
dispose medical waste;Carry out the appropriate technique to safely dispose all types of medical waste such as infective, toxic and radioactive waste.
explain use of equipment for pets;Explain how to correctly use and maintain pet equipment such as birdcages and aquaria.
use methods of logistical data analysis;Read and interpret supply chain and transportation data. Analyse the reliability and availability of findings by using methods such as data mining, data modelling and cost-benefit analysis.
create cooperation modalities;Prepare, determine and agree on the conditions for cooperation contracts with a company, by comparing products, following evolutions or shifts in the market and negotiating terms and prices.
obstetrics and gynaecology;Obstetrics and gynaecology is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
ICT system integration;The principles of integrating ICT components and products from a number of sources to create an operational ICT system, techniques which ensure interoperability and interfaces between components and the system.
create exercise programmes for health risks;Develop physical exercise programmes for individuals at risk or persons with adverse health conditions.
set up your arts offer in places relevant to your potential employers/contractors;Set up arts offer to potential employers/contractors in places that are relevant to them.
conduct nutrition research;Conduct nutrition research to help in improving the health of the population, focusing on common issues such as cardiometabolic risk and obesity, intestinal function, musculoskeletal health and nutritional vulnerabilities.
build bodies for vehicles;Manufacture bodies for passenger-carrying vehicles, such as car, bus, horse-drawn carriage or railroad passenger car. Use wood, metal, fibreglass and other materials.
calculate debt costs;Calculate the amount of money owed by applying basic numeracy principles.
interpret mathematical information;Demonstrate an understanding of mathematical terms and concepts, and apply basic mathematical principles and processes to interpret data and facts.
monitor company policy;Monitor the companys policy and propose improvements to the company.
ensure correct goods labelling;Ensure that goods are labeled with all necessary labeling information (e.g. legal, technological, hazardous and others) regarding the product. Ensure that labels respects the legal requirements and adhere to regulations.
assess students;Evaluate the students (academic) progress, achievements, course knowledge and skills through assignments, tests, and examinations. Diagnose their needs and track their progress, strengths, and weaknesses. Formulate a summative statement of the goals the student achieved.
study website behaviour patterns;Research, analyse and optimise business results and user experience online through the use of tracking website metric tools.
consult with industry professionals;Communicate with engineers, designers, survey technicians and representatives involved in survey projects.
clean surfaces;Disinfect surfaces in accordance with sanitary standards.
remove posters;Remove worn, overdue or unwanted posters and dispose of them properly.
put up price tags;Put price tags on products and ensure the prices are correctly displayed.
irrigation systems;The methods and systems management in irrigation.
manufacturing of mattresses;The manufacture of rubber, plastic or fitted (for example with springs or stuffing) mattresses and mattress supports.
perform inspection analysis;Investigate and report on inspection procedures, techniques, equipment and materials.
manage security clearance;Manage the systems and monitor the functioning of the security clearance system and staff working to ensure security of the facility, to ensure no non-authorised individuals acquire access and to monitor potential risks and threats.
perform adjustments as the work evolves;Adapt the work plan and the methodology as the work progresses and inform collaborators of the adjustments.
machinery products;The offered machinery products their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
risk financing techniques;The available options for paying off and account for the financial consequences of risks, such as risk retention, risk transfer and other alternative risk financing solutions.
monitor credit institutes;Perform bank supervision and control the subsidiaries activities, for example credit operations and cash reserve ratio.
collect live fish;?Gather fish using techniques which minimise the stress caused to fish and avoid fish escapes occurring.
develop library educational programs;Plan, work out and deliver client-centred library educational programs, e.g. storytelling sessions for children, or programs for special groups.
measure oil tank temperatures;Insert thermometers inside oil tanks to obtain temperature information.
interact verbally in Chinese;Communicate orally in Chinese.
contraindications;The condition under which a normally beneficial treatment can be harmful and have a counterproductive effect on a persons health.
communicable diseases;Communicable diseases is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
estimate needs of artistic production;Analyse, estimate and list the artistic production needs.
prepare floor for terrazzo;Make sure the floor is ready to receive a terrazzo layer. Remove any previous floor coverings, dirt, grease, other impurities and moisture. Rough the surface with a shot blaster if required.
handle lease agreement administration;Draw up and handle the contract between a lessor and lessee that allows the lessee rights to the use of a property owned or managed by the lessor for a period of time.
conduct online competitive analysis;Assess strengths and weaknesses of current and potential competitors. Analyse competitors web strategies.
take food and beverage orders from customers;Accept orders from customers and record them into the Point of Sale system. Manage order requests and communicate them to fellow staff members.
maintain library inventory;Keep accurate records of circulation of library material, maintain an up-to-date inventory, and correct possible cataloguing errors.
deal with public;Adopt a pleasant, professional and positive manner with all customers, anticipating their needs and passing customer complaints to a member of the management team (if necessary) in a calm, professional and non confrontational manner.
establish relationship with the media;Adopt a professional attitude to respond effectively to the demands of the media.
provide pharmaceutical advice;Provide information and advice on medicinal products such as the appropriate use, the adverse reactions and the interactions with other medications.
assess each stage of the creative process;Assess and keep track of the work accomplished, analysing it for the artistic intent.
forest conservation;Understand forest conservation: the practice of planting and maintaining forested areas.
install laminate floor;Lay laminate floor planks, usually with tongue-and-groove edges, on a prepared underlayment. Paste the planks in place if called for.
clean fish cage;Efficiently clean the cage and perform dead fish removal from surface.
metalworking;The process of working with metals to create individual parts, assemblies, or large-scale structures.
understand written Japanese;Read and comprehend written texts in Japanese.
manage currency exchange risk mitigation techniques;"Evaluate foreign currency and assess conversion risks; implement risk mitigation strategies and techniques to protect against fluctuation."
direct event administrative details;Direct administrative tasks that go with an upcoming event, such as financial operations, dissemination of promotional materials.
coordinate communication during mine emergencies;Direct and coordinate communication procedures during emergencies. Instruct callers appropriately, and keep them informed of any rescue effort. Alert and dispatch rescue personnel to emergency calls and critical alarms.
rigging terminology;Terms for lifting equipment, lifting accessories, slings, shackles, wires, ropes, chains, cables and nets.
sell post office products;Sell envelopes, parcelsand stamps. Collect cash for these products or electronic transfers.
broadcast using Internet Protocol;Manage broadcasting over the internet by properly using the Internet Protocol in order to ensure the broadcast is accessible to users.
develop food policy;Participate in the decision-making around production and processing techniques, marketing, availability, utilization and consumption of food, in the interest of meeting or furthering social objectives to influence the operation of the food and agriculture system. Food policymakers engage in activities such as regulation of food-related industries, establishing eligibility standards for food assistance programs for the poor, ensuring safety of the food supply, food labeling, and even the qualifications of a product to be considered organic. 
foreclosure;The legal system surrounding the recovery of a loan or debt which a debtor or borrower has not completed the payments of and of which payments have been neglected by enforcing the sale of assets which were used as collateral for the loan.
Cisco;The products available from the network equipment provider Cisco and methods for selecting and procuring the equipment.
establish vertical gardens;Construct vertical gardens including attachment of the garden to the wall or other surfaces. Select and plant suitable plants for the wall and maintain the wall.
couple bogies to rail vehicles;Connect the metal frame, to which the axes and wheels are attached, to the railway vehicle bodies by way of an articulated joint called the pivot.
sensors;Sensors are transducers that can detect or sense characteristics in their environment. They detect changes in the apparatus or environment and provide a corresponding optical or electrical signal. Sensors are commonly divided in six classes: mechanical, electronic, thermal, magnetic, electrochemical, and optical sensors.
ensure compliance with warranty contracts;Implement and monitor repairs and/or replacements by the supplier in compliance with warranty contracts.
select intraocular lenses for surgery;Measure and select intraocular lenses to be surgically implanted.
buildings electronic access equipment;The types, characteristics and methods of use of electronic equipment used to access facilities such as card access control panels, card readers or infra-red readers.
use laboratory equipment;Make correct use of laboratory equipment when working in a laboratory.
oversee the printing of touristic publications;Manage the printing of marketing publications and materials for the promotion of tourism-related products.
develop artistic research framework;Develop a framework for investigation on artistic issues.
repair lenses;Repair or replace damaged lenses for customers spectacles.
operate paper folding machine;Perform folder operations, such as setting up and adjusting the feeder for delivery. Prepare the folder machine for special processes like perforating, scoring, trimming, softening, and binding of paper products.
maintain catalogue collection;Describe, inventorise and catalogue items in a collection.
proofing methods;Various proofing methods are needed for certain kinds of products. They range from soft proofing, which presents the result on a monitor, to hard proofing, where an actual printed sample of the product is obtained.
perform milk control;Carry out controlling the quality and quantity of the milk following biosecurity regulations.
fertigation;The delivery of irrigation combined with fertilisers. Common methods for delivery of the fertigation mix and the composition of common mixes.
provide fitness information;Provide clients with accurate information on the principles of nutrition and fitness exercises.
prepare regional sweet dishes;Prepare traditional sweets produced in a particular region, following recipes and specifications.
Oracle WebLogic;The application server Oracle WebLogic is Java EE based application server which serves as a middle tier that links the back-end databases to the related applications.
carsharing;The rental of shared vehicles for occasional use and short periods of time, often through a dedicated car-sharing app.
monitor rail laying machine;Monitor the machine that presses down rails onto the sleeper. Report or take the appropriate action in case of any problem.
apply foreign language for international trade;Communicate in foreign languages to facilitate international trade operations such as the importation of food and beverages.
produce textile samples;Make up textile samples or have them fabricated by specialised workers or technicians.
cut wires;Operate machinery or use hand tools to cut wire.
monitor fields;Monitor orchards, fields and production areas to forecast when crops will be fully grown. Estimate how much damage the weather may cause to crops.
cultural practices regarding animal parts sorting;The religious and cultural practices regarding animal parts sorting as to not mix meat parts with other parts that may inhibit religion practitioners from eating the meat.
operate rust proofing spray gun;Operate a semi-automatic or handheld spray gun designed to provide the surface of a workpiece with a permanent, corrosion-protective finishing coat, safely and according to regulations.
facilitate job market access;Improve the chances of individuals to find a job, by teaching the required qualifications and interpersonal skills, through training and development programs, workshops or employment projects.
Prince2 project management;The PRINCE2 management approach is a methodology for planning, managing and overseeing of ICT resources in order to meet specific goals and using project management ICT tools.
impact investing;Investment strategy aimed at investing in organisations or initiatives with a social or environmental outlook, which in turn generates financial gains but also a positive impact in society.
ensure vehicle operability;Keep the vehicle clean and in roadworthy condition. Ensure regular maintenance of the vehicle and provide valid official documents such as licenses and permits where appropriate.
communicate in healthcare;Communicate effectively with patients, families and other caregivers, health care professionals, and community partners.
project management;Understand project management and the activities which comprise this area. Know the variables implied in project management such as time, resources, requirements, deadlines, and responding to unexpected events.
perform flight manoeuvres;Perform flight manoeuvres in critical situations, and associated ‘upset’ manoeuvres, in order to avoid collision.
negotiate sales contracts;Come to an agreement between commercial partners with a focus on terms and conditions, specifications, delivery time, price etc.
develop dealership forecasts;Establish dealership forecasts by estimating total sales, incomes and expenditures. Proactively monitor sales targets and develop effective solutions should there be any lack of sales.
maintain wood board machinery;Handle various machinery and equipment used to join wood together to create wooden or cork boards, to ensure that it is clean and in safe, working order. Perform routine maintenance on equipment and adjust when necessary, using hand and power tools.
food legislation;Legislation related to the food and feed industry including food manufacturing, hygiene, safety, raw materials, additives, GMOs, labelling, environmental and trade regulations.
implement data quality processes;Apply quality analysis, validation and verification techniques on data to check data quality integrity.
monitor coating specifications;Monitoring that specifications such as colour, shape, glaze, texture, weight, depth of coating are met.
manage manufacturing facilities;Plan, maintain, and foresee the relevant considerations for manufacturing facilities management. Ensure a steady development of strategic plans for plants and make sure they serve their functionality efficiently.
coordinate care;Coordinate care for patient groups, being able to manage a number of patients within a given amount of time and provide optimum health services.
develop staff;Lead employees to meet the organisations expectations for productivity, quality and goal accomplishment. Provide effective performance feedback through employee recognition and reward in conjunction with the Human Resources Manager as required
diagnose education problems;Identify the nature of school-related problems, such as fears, concentration problems, or weaknesses in writing or reading.
variety of starches;Variety of starches including acid thinned, oxidised, cationic, succinate, and phosphate starches.
sell weight loss products;Sell food supplements, weight loss pills and other weight loss products.
advise politicians on electoral procedures;Advise politicians before and during elections on campaigning procedures and on the politicians public presentation and courses of action which may beneficially influence elections.
dip tank parts;The set-up and different parts of a dip-coating machine, or dip tank, such as the tank made from noncombustible material, drain board, steel supports, rack and pinion, cylinder lifting, and lifting yoke.
ensure information privacy;Design and implement business processes and technical solutions to guarantee data and information confidentiality in compliance with legal requirements, also considering public expectations and political issues of privacy.
collect customer feedback on applications;Gather a response and analyse data from customers to identify requests or problems in order to improve applications and overall customer satisfaction.
types of membranes;The materials used for the drumhead of membranophone musical instruments include animal skin, plastic and synthetic fibers such as aramid fibers.
swimming pool safety guidelines;The rules and guidelines related to swimming pool safety, such as rules related to child safety, running, diving, waterslides, electrical appliances, food and drinks, water hygiene, and inflatables.
check ride safety restraints;Control the ride safety restraints to see if everything works in a normal, safe manner.
assess progress with the artistic team;Evaluating the quality of the performers work and that of the collaborators. Develop recommendations concerning productions in progress. Aim to ensure smooth relationships and communications within the artistic team.
unified modelling language;The general-purpose modelling language used in software development to offer a standard visualisation of system designs.
product package requirements;Understand product package requirements to prepare or select materials for packaging purposes.
teach mathematics;Instruct students in the theory and practice of quantities, structures, shapes, patterns, and geometry.
obtain financial information;Gather information on securities, market conditions, governmental regulations and the financial situation, goals and needs of clients or companies.
analyse drill engineering;"Gather relevant data, carry out on-site engineering analysis; make up reports and recommend necessary measures."
aquaculture industry;Understand the aquaculture industry, its designs and its installations.
work out orchestral sketches;Make up and work out details for orchestral sketches, such as adding extra vocal parts to scores.
perform beverage dealcoholisation;Tend suitable equipment to remove alcohol from alcoholic beverages such as beer and wine.
repair small damages to windshields;Use resin to repair cracks and chips on windshields and window glass of motor vehicles. Let the material harden by using ultraviolet light.
deploy ICT systems;Deliver and instalI computers or ICT systems, ensuring testing and preparation for use.
manage medical supply chains;Ensure that medicines are stored in appropriate facilities and environmental conditions to ensure stability, quality and safety of the medicinal product over its shelf life, storing medicines in a safe, organised, systematic and secure manner and working with documented policies and procedures to implement an effective stock management and rotation system.
use office systems;Make appropriate and timely use of office systems used in business facilities depending on the aim, whether for the collection of messages, client information storage, or agenda scheduling. It includes administration of systems such as customer relationship management, vendor management, storage, and voicemail systems.
buy groceries;Purchase ingredients, products and tools that are necessary for daily housekeeping activities.
apply optical coating;Apply coating to optical lenses, such as reflective coating to mirrors, anti-reflective coatings to camera lenses, or tinted coatings to sunglasses.
ordain religious officials;Perform the rites and ceremonies which officially appoint an individual to an official religious function such as priest, bishop or deacon, having the authority to do so, according to traditions and regulations.
otorhinolaryngology;Otorhinolaryngology is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
stir cement mixture;Stir the mixture for producing liquid rubber cement by electrically driven paddles or by hand paddles.
transmission technology;Technologies that allow the transmission of analogue or digital information signals over a point-to-point or a point-to-multipoint through the use of communication channels or transmission media, such as optical fibre, copper wire, or wireless communication channels. The information or data are usually transmitted as an electromagnetic signal, such as radio waves or microwaves.
operate ride panel;Run the ride operating the mechanic control panel.
select breeding stock;Select breeding stock in accordance with the breeding programme and where possible screen stock to minimise known genetic weaknesses.
supervise event staff;Select, train and supervise volunteers and support staff required for events.
undertake healthcare examination;Assess the healthcare users physical state, taking detailed information on previous injuries, surgery, general health, resources and lifestyle into account.
compare alternative vehicles;Compare the performance of alternative vehicles based on factors such as their energy consumption and the energy density per volume and per mass of different fuels employed.
medical parasitology;The parasites that infect humans, the diseases they cause, potential responses, the methods of their diagnosis, treatment, prevention, and control.
electrical instrumentation engineering;The way in which electrical and instrumentation engineering (E and I engineering) modernises the production infrastructure from design to preparation of execution phase and the execution phase itself followed by the after-sales services, improvements obtain by using the electrical and instrumentation engineering.
eliminate stains;Use stain removal equipment to remove stains without damaging the fabric. Carry out garment and stain detection to identify the specific staining type such as wet or dry side staining in a safe and appropriate manner.
utilise content types;Use MIME types and subtypes as standard identifier to indicate the type of data that a file contains such as the type of link, object, script and style elements and the media type.
sell household appliances;Sell household appliances such as vacuum cleaners, washing machines, dishwashers, air conditioners and refrigerators. Provide advice on purchasing decisions and try to meet customers wishes. Process payments.
determine loan conditions;Calculate the credit limit and decide on the conditions for the repayment.
apply preservation treatments;Apply common treatments to preserve the characteristics of food products taking care of their appearance, smell and taste.
handle spectator complaints;Handle spectator complaints and sort out incidents and emergencies.
screen printing process;This consists of preparing the screen or image carrier, squeegee, and the ink. During this process, ink is pressed through a screen on a certain surface.
set press-cycle time;Set the press-cycle time by adjusting the dial indicator arm.
report gaming incidents;Report accordingly about incidents during gambling, betting and lottery games.
develop ICT test suite;Create a series of test cases to check software behaviour versus specifications. These test cases are then to be used during subsequent testing.
attach horseshoes;Attach the horseshoe safely, securely and in the correct position according to plan. Take all relevant information into account. Finish the hoof according to the specification, trot up the horse to confirm its soundness. Evaluate finished job and welfare of the horse.
dismantle broken appliances;Dismantle equipment and appliances which are broken and ineligible for repair so that their separate components can be sorted, recycled, and disposed of in a manner which is compliant with waste and recycling legislation.
supervise electricity distribution operations;Supervise the activities of an electricity distribution facility and the operation of electrical energy distribution systems, such as power lines, in order to ensure compliance with legislation, efficient operations, and that the equipment is properly handled and maintained.
execute fertilisation;Carry out fertilisation tasks by hand or using appropriate equipment according to fertilisation instructions taking into account the environmental, health and safety regulations and procedures.
maintain cleanliness in the cloak room;Keep the cloak room area clean and tidy at all times, in line with company standards.
manage removal of disabled aircraft;Manage, control, and coordinate operations for the safe removal of disabled aircraft. Cooperate with safety investigation team, and with airline/aircraft operator.
select manuscripts;Select manuscripts to be published. Decide if they reflect the company policy.
conduct fish mortality studies;Collect fish mortality data. Identify causes of mortality and provide solutions .
define the corporate structure;Study different company structures and define that one that best represent the interest and goals of the company. Decide among horizontal, functional, or product structures, and managerial independency in the case of multinationals.
apply the concept of Flexible Use of Airspace;Monitor the effective implementation of the Flexible Use of Airspace (FUA) concept at various levels.
candle making techniques;The characteristics and specifications of candle making techniques which comprise wax melting and candles containers.
install image equipment;Install and connect projection and image equipment.
operate an audio mixing console;Operate an audio mixing system during rehearsals or during live performances.
protect employee rights;Assess and handle situations in which the rights set by legislation and corporate policy for employees may be breached and take the appropriate actions in order to protect the employees.
consult information sources;Consult relevant information sources to find inspiration, to educate yourself on certain topics and to acquire background information.
water consumption;The factors which are involved in the calculation and estimation of water consumption in a residence or facility, and methods in which water consumption can be lowered or made more efficient.
evaluate training;Assess the realisation of the trainings learning outcomes and goals, the quality of teaching, and give transparent feedback to the trainers and trainees.
execute chilling processes to food products;Carry out chilling, freezing and cooling operation processes to food products such as fruit and vegetables, fish, meat, catering food. Prepare food products for extended periods of storage or half prepared food. Ensure safety and nutrition qualities of frozen goods and preserve products in accordance with specified temperatures.
operate top supported cable-propelled vehicles;Operate top supported cable propelled vehicles such as monocables, gondolas, aerial trams, funitels, and pulsed gondolas. Oversee the traffic in the system in order to ensure fluent movement of vehicles throughout the infrastructure.
liaise with mine professionals;"Establish relationships with commercial managers, geoscientists, and production/reservoir engineers; work together to analyse well-logging results and to assess production potential."
coordinate closing room in footwear manufacturing;Coordinate the flow of materials and footwear components. Manage orders and organise the activity of the closing room. Distribute machinery, operations and workers. Manage and optimise production and materials. Divide and organise pieces and components according to the footwear model or size and send them directly to the assembling room or to the warehouse. Organise in-process quality control.
develop aquaculture breeding strategies;"Create and develop an aquaculture breeding strategy using a variety of techniques; naturally spawned fish eggs, induced spawning of fish eggs, environmental controlled spawning, hormonally regulated fish spawning, broodstock recruitment by genetic selection."
recommend hearing aids;Recommend hearing aids to suit specific needs or conditions.
inspect stone surface;Inspect the surface of the stone to identify any uneven areas.
engineering processes;The systematic approach to the development and maintenance of engineering systems.
sand gemstones;Use abrasives to remove scratches and irregularities on gemstones. The abrasives used for this process are finer than the ones used for grinding gemstones. The sanding process used to create flat surfaces on a stone, such as facets, is called lapping.
operate microscope;Operate a microscope, an instrument used to see objects that are too small for the naked eye to see.
implement quality management systems;Implement quality systems and procedures such as ISO systems.
maintain optical equipment;Diagnose and detect malfunctions in optical systems, such as lasers, microscopes, and oscilloscopes. Remove, replace, or repair these systems or system components when necessary. Execute preventative equipment maintenance tasks, such as storing the equipment in clean, dust-free, and non-humid spaces.
monitor vessel performance;Check the state of vessels in order to ensure satisfactory performance, regulatory compliance, and yearly revisions.
resolve difficult account allocation cases;Perform various activities in the account area which require special technical expertise such as registering income from investments, capital levies or dividends and interests from fixed-interest securities.
camouflage;The different kinds of materials and specialised clothing used for concealment of people, vehicles or other equipment.
instruct employees on radiation protection;Explain the various legal and operational measures established in the company against radiation, such as reducing exposure time and wearing protective gear, to the employees and communicate the emergency procedures.
use person-centred planning;Use person-centred planning (PCP) and implement the delivery of social services in order to determine what the service users and their caregivers want, and how the services can support this.
manage sumps;"Oversee correct operation of sumps; to make sure that the operations for collecting and removing the undesirable or excess liquid runs smoothly."
make legislation transparent for users of social services;Inform and explain the legislation for users of social services, in order to help them understand the implications it has on them and how to use it for their interest.
demonstrate loyalty;Demonstrate inner attachment to a group or organization, including by sharing and representing their values.
dismantle concrete pumps;Dismantle all the assemblies of concrete pumps such as the pipe and the robotic arm, and prepare the mobile concrete pump for road traffic.
tend drying tunnels;Tend the tunnels which are used to dry clay products such as bricks or roofing tiles prior to their further processing into the kiln.
arrange interlibrary loans;Arrange interlibrary exchange of materials that are not available in a particular library.
calculate design costs;Calculate design costs to make sure the project is financially viable.
check mixer capability;Check the water-cement ratios and their conformance to the mixer capabilities.
support social service users positiveness;Work with individuals to identify difficulties associated with their self esteem and sense of identity and support them to implement strategies like to develop more positive self images.
classify books;Arrange books in alphabetic or a classification order. Classify according to genres such as fiction, non-fiction, academic books, childrens books.
operate paper cutter;Operate paper cutter machines used for cutting, creasing, perforating, and engraving single sheets of paper. Put a stack of paper against the knife blade, flatten the stack of paper, and adjust controls to make a certain cut.
read palms;Interpret the lines on the clients hands, as well the shape of various features. According to a traditional or personal system, interpret these features, and possibly others such as texture and flexibility of the palm. Make statements on the persons personality, motivations, or events in their lives.
military aviation;The rules and regulations concerning military aviation procedures, such as military air space, aviation procedures in civilian air space, and specific military aviation equipment.
learning difficulties;The learning disorders some students face in an academic context, especially Specific Learning Difficulties such as dyslexia, dyscalculia, and concentration deficit disorders.
operate screen printing press;Operate a screen printing press to fabricate multiple copies of the designed screen, increasing production significantly.
issue purchase orders;Produce and review the documents needed to authorise shipment of a product from the supplier at a specified price and within specific terms.
provide information;Ensure quality and correctness of provided information, depending on the type of audience and context.
build rebar cages;Insert the metal rods and operate the machine which builds the circular frames of concrete pipes. For larger diameters, use welding equipment to manually form the frame.
make an inventory of fixtures;Create a fixtures inventory of the fittings and furnishings present in an accommodation.
sports ethics;The ethical considerations in sport activities, policy and management that ensure fair play and sportsmanship in all recreational and competitive sports.
check payrolls;Control and ensure employees are being paid correctly by their employers.
maintain robotic equipment;Diagnose and detect malfunctions in robotic components and systems and remove, replace, or repair these components when necessary. Execute preventative equipment maintenance tasks, such as storing robotic components in clean, dust-free, and non-humid spaces.
image formation;The principles and factors determining the formation of an image such as geometry, radiometry, photometry, sampling and analog to digital conversion.
nuclear legislation;Be familiar with European, national and international legislation regarding the practice of nuclear activities.
ensure compliance with types of weapons;Comply with legal requirements when using different kinds of firearms and other types of weapons and their matching ammunition.
types of rotating equipment;The types of equipment and machinery that have rotating parts, such as turbines, pumps, ventilators, centrifuges, engines and gearboxes.
use sustainable materials and components;Identify, select environmentally friendly materials and components. Decide on the substitution of certain materials by the one that are environmentally friendly, maintaining the same level of functionality and other characteristics of the product.
issue penalties to violators of the sanitation code;Distribute penalties to facilities that violate the sanitation code or water quality regulations.
issue certificates for animal products;Issue certificates related to animal health and welfare or to animal products, based on the necessary examination or testing, in accordance with the principles of certification agreed at European level.
process medical insurance claims;Contact the patient`s health insurance company and submit the appropriate forms with information on the patient and treatment.
use methodologies for user-centered design;Use design methodologies in which the needs, wishes and limitations of end users of a product, service or process are given extensive attention at each stage of the design process.
operate relational database management system;Extract, store and verify information using database management systems based on the relational database model, which arranges data into tables of rows and columns, such as Oracle Database, Microsoft SQL Server and MySQL.
plan digital marketing;Develop digital marketing strategies for both leisure and business purposes, create websites and deal with mobile technology and social networking.
paint sets;Painting set constructions and stage props.
use communication equipment;Set up, test and operate different types of communication equipment such as transmission equipment, digital network equipment, or telecommunications equipment.
fish biology;The study of fish, shellfish or crustacean organisms, categorized into many specialised fields that cover their morphology, physiology, anatomy, behaviour, origins and distribution.
geochemistry;The scientific discipline that studies the presence and distribution of chemical elements in the geological systems of Earth.
ensure the appropriate atmosphere;Discuss the customers wishes before the event and ensure the appropriate atmosphere in a specific situation.
adapt to type of media;Adapt to different types of media such as television, movies, commercials, and others. Adapt work to type of media, scale of production, budget, genres within type of media, and others.
leather goods quality;The quality specifications of materials, processes, and final products, the most common defects in leather, quick tests procedures, laboratory tests procedures and standards, and the adequate equipment for quality checks. 
support management of raw materials;Support management of raw materials and plants required by the department for production. Oversee the needs for material and notify when stock levels reach re-order levels.
manage athletes;Select, recruit and manage athletes and support staff to ensure commonality of objectives and upholding of professional standards across the organisation
assist equipment operation;Assists with snow removal. Operate snow equipment such as plough trucks, brush skid steers, front loaders, snow blowers and shovels.
assist police investigations;Assist in police investigations by providing them with specialised information as a professional involved in the case, or by providing witness accounts, in order to ensure the police have all relevant information for the case.
plant species;The variety of plants, trees and shrubs and their special characteristics. 
develop therapeutic relationships;Maintain the individual therapeutic relationship to engage the individuals innate healing capacities, to achieve active collaboration in the health education and healing process and to maximise the potential of healthy change.
manage waste;Manage or dispose of significant amounts of waste materials or hazardous materials. Ensure required licenses and permits are in place and reasonable management practices, industry standards, or commonly accepted farming practices followed.
use sheet metal shears;Use specialised heavy duty shears to safely cut sheet metal objects.
transcription methods;The methods to quickly transcribe spoken language into text, such as stenography.
fabric types;Woven, non-woven, knitted fabrics and netting fabrics, technical fabrics such as Gore-Tex and Gannex.
coordinate public-private partnerships in tourism;Oversee public and private partners to achieve touristic development.
prepare vegetable products for use in a dish;Make vegetable products, such as vegetables, pulses, fruits, grains and mushrooms for further use in dishes.
operate handheld riveting equipment;Operate various kinds of tools and equipment used in riveting processes, such a pin hammer and a rivet set, handheld squeezers, a hammer and bucking bar, a pneumatic hammer, a rivet gun, and others.
manipulate rubber products;Use tools and equipment in order to form rubber parts or rubber end products, by performing operations such as cutting, shaping or cementing.
outdoor activities;Sportive activities performed outdoors, often in nature, such as hiking, climbing, skiing, snowboarding, canoeing, rafting, and rope course climbing.
operate 2D CAD for footwear;Be able to read and interpret design specification to transfer 3D virtual models, computer made drawings and handmade sketches into the 2D environment of the CAD software. Flatten and work with digitised shells. Use scanners and tablets. Produce, adjust and modify 2D designs of all patterns, including technical specifications, for various footwear construction types with 2D CAD systems. Grade and make the nesting. Produce technical sheets.
design an electric heating system;Design the details of electric heating systems. Calculate the needed capacity for space heating under given conditions complying with available electrical power supply.
study artistic techniques;Study a variety of artistic techniques and learn how to apply them in concrete artistic projects.
manage personal finances;Identify personal financial objectives and set up a strategy to match this target in seeking support and advice when necessary.
develop organisational information goals;Develop and interpret organisational information goals, creating specific policies and procedures.
hinduism;The rites, traditions and history of the Hindu religion.
transportation methods;Knowledge of principles and methods for moving people or goods by air, rail, sea, or road, including the relative costs and optimal work strategies.
analyse medications impact on brain;Consult on pharmaceutical drug trials that might impact the central nervous system.
communicate with others who are significant to service users;Actively involve others who are significant to service users, communicating with them appropriately and taking their roles into account.
maintain privacy of service users;Respect and maintain the dignity and privacy of the client, protecting his or her confidential information and clearly explaining policies about confidentiality to the client and other parties involved.
support local economies;Support struggling local economies through humanitarian fair-trade projects.
malt grains;Germinate the grain to produce and prepare malt for drying.
blend food ingredients;Blend, mix or cultivate ingredients to make reagents or to manufacture food or beverage products and to carry the analysis that goes along with it.
interact verbally in Maltese;Communicate orally in Maltese.
assist customers in trying out sporting goods;Provide assistance and give advice to customers in a sporting equipment store. Invite customers to try out sporting equipment such as bicycles or fitness tools.
prepare for auction;"Identify and set up location for auction; prepare and display auctioned items; prepare the auction room by setting seats and microphones."
describe the flavour of different beers;Describe the taste and aroma, or flavour of different beers using the adequate lingo and relying on experience to classify beers.
use testing equipment;Use equipment to test performance and operation of machinery.
represent union members;Replace and speak for the members in negotiations with management about workplace topics and represent the union at conferences and negotiations.
perform ICT troubleshooting;Identify problems with servers, desktops, printers, networks, and remote access, and perform actions which solve the problems.
European Train Control System;The control and protection system that ensures trains run safely, a standard European system that allows crossing of borders in safety.
care for living pets in the store;Care for pets in the store. Look after their transportation, food, care and living conditions prior to selling them.
observe human behaviour;Make detailed notes while observing how humans interact with and react to each other, objects, concepts, ideas, beliefs, and systems in order to uncover patterns and trends.
leather finishing technologies;Equipment, technologies and techniques for coating and laminating finishing of leather according to product specification. Topics include surface preparation, equipment types, preparation of substrata, operation monitoring and applications related to different types of finishing, coatings and final articles.
budgetary principles;Principles of estimating and planning of forecasts for business activity, compile regular budget and reports.
plan facilities management policies;Create facilities management procedures in line with organisations strategy, identify appropriate resources and set up key responsibilities and mitigate risks in delivering facilities management objectives.
check prices on the menu;Control the menu in order to ensure that prices are correct and up-to-date.
order supplies for vehicle maintenance and repair;Order supplies and tools for vehicle repair and maintenance.
task algorithmisation;The techniques to convert unstructured descriptions of a process into step-by-step sequence of actions of a finite number of steps.
emergency psychology;The methods used for coping with trauma or disasters.
ensure conformance to jewel design specifications;Examine finished jewellery products to ensure that they meet quality standards and design specifications. Use magnifying glasses, polariscopes or other optical instruments.
cut keys;Use machines or tools to cut profiles of keys.
observe record keeping standards in chiropractics;Ensure good standards of record keeping for all activities relating to patients, and to chiropractic patients specifically.
vessel electrical system;The various components making up a vessel electrical system and the interplay between these components.
prevent pipeline deterioration;Ensure the conservation of pipelines by undertaking adequate maintenance of the system and its coating properties. Prevent corrosion formation, leaks, and other problems.
understand fresh water ecosystems;Understand fresh water ecosystems.
locate microchip in animals;Scan the animal carefully, using the correct procedure for the type of scanner, to locate the possible presence of a microchip. Check the data on the relevant database or other documentation where a microchip is detected. Use the back track system to identify who implanted the chip, where a chip is not listed in a database.
extract products from coquilles;Remove finished products from coquilles and examine them in detail for anomalies.
securities;The financial instruments traded in financial markets representing both the right of property over the owner and at the same time, the obligation of payment over the issuer. The aim of securities which is raising capital and hedging risk in financial markets.
nail floor boards;Put the new board into position avoiding existing holes in the joists. Then drill pilot holes for the nails. Choose the right nail type.
assist with personal administration issues;Assist individuals with administration activities such as shopping, banking or paying bills.
chemical processes;The relevant chemical processes used in manufacture, such as purification, seperation, emulgation and dispergation processing.
stay alert;"Stay focused and alert at all times; react quickly in the case of unexpected events. Concentrate and do not get distracted performing a task over a long period of time."
health and safety measures in transportation;The body of rules, procedures and regulations related to health and safety measures intended to prevent accidents or incidents in transportation.
evolutionary biology;The study of evolutionary processes from which the diversity of Earths life forms originated. Evolutionary biology is a subdiscipline of biology and studies Earths life forms from the origin of life to the dawn of new species.
primary school procedures;The inner workings of a primary school, such as the structure of the relevant education support and management, the policies, and the regulations.
acting techniques;The different acting techniques for developing lifelike performances, such as method acting, classical acting, and Meisner technique.
support service users in developing skills;Encourage and support social service users in sociocultural activities in the organisation or in the community, supporting the development of leisure and work skills.
composite materials;The properties of different materials developped in a laboratory, their usage per type of products, and how to create them.
pair beer with food;Pairs beer with dishes in order to match the right tastes.
plan social media marketing campaigns;Plan and implement a marketing campaign on social media.
fundamental veterinary sciences;Veterinary anatomy, histology, embryology, physiology, biochemistry, genetics, pharmacology, pharmacy, toxicology, microbiology, immunology, epidemiology and professional ethics.
psychotherapy principles;The fundamental principles and methods applied in psychotherapy to explore and resolve distressing behaviour or feelings.
operate surface grinder;Operate the grinder in order to grind the brake strips according to the specified thickness.
assist anchoring operations;"Assist during anchoring operations; operate equipment and assist in anchor manoeuvres."
interact verbally in Bulgarian;Communicate orally in Bulgarian.
analyse granulated mixture;Analyse the mixtures in order to establish the granules size ranges.
test artist flying systems;Monitor or try flying systems to ensure health and safety conditions are adequate.
order supplies for anaesthesia services;Order for the anaesthesia department medical supplies related to the equipment, tools and medication used for the operating procedures.
care for the flock;Care for the safety and welfare of the flock. Graze the animals, herd them to areas of good forage, and keep a watchful eye out for poisonous plants.
assemble ammunition;Fabricate cartridges by greasing threads on fuses and inserting them in sockets. Place primers in cartridge cases and fill these with gunpowder propellants. Seal the cartridges by the use of adhesives.
thermal treatment;Technologies used for the treatment and processing of waste which involve high temperatures, and the processes involving the combustion of waste materials and energy recovery from waste treatment.
analyse consumer buying trends;Analyse buying habits or currently prevalent customer behaviour.
online ads campaign techniques;Techniques to plan and implement a marketing campaign on online ads platforms.
operate latex transfer pump;Operate the pump which transfers latex into mixing tanks, making sure the density of the obtained latex is according to specification.
prepare engine room for operation;"Prepare and start main engine and auxiliary engines; prepare machinery in engine room prior to departure; know and follow starting procedures according to checklist."
air passenger behaviour;"Generate appropriate responses to the expectations of air passengers; analyse and respond to air passenger behaviour."
develop ICT workflow;Create repeatable patterns of ICT activity within an organisation which enhances the systematic transformations of products, informational processes and services through their production.
identify policy breach;Identify instances of non-compliance to set plans and policies in an organisation, and take the appropriate course of action by issuing penalties and outlining the changes which need to be made.
assist students with equipment;Provide assistance to students when working with (technical) equipment used in practice-based lessons and solve operational problems when necessary.
supervise game operations;Circulate between gaming tables watching the games to ensure that operations are conducted properly. Note irregularities and malfunctions, ensure that dealers follow house rules and that players dont cheat.
driving examinations;The components, regulations, and properties of theoretical and practical driving tests.
install hydraulic systems;Install systems and components that use liquid fluid power to create mechanical movements such as hydraulic pumps, valves, hydraulic motors, hydraulic cylinders and other elements that power hydraulic machinery.
attend parliament plenaries;Assist and provide support in the parliament plenaries by revising documents, communicating with other parties, and ensuring an smooth running of the sessions.
control crowd;Control a crowd or riot, ensuring people do not cross to areas they are not allowed to access, monitoring the crowds behaviour and responding to suspicious and violent behaviour.
fix knife blades;Use fixing techniques such as nailing or injecting cement into the hollow handle and inserting the knife blade before placing the knife in a drying machine.
define brand identity;"Define the characteristics of a brand; identify what the brand stands for; develop a strong brand perception both internally and externally."
ensure safety in hospitality establishment;Take responsibility for the safety of all employees and guests in a hospitality establishment by applying specific principles, policies and regulations.
supervise crop production;Perform crop production duties such as planning, tilling, planting, fertilising, cultivating, spraying, and harvesting. Supervise all steps of the crop production and ranging process, including planting, fertilising, harvesting, and herding
tools for ICT test automation;The specialised software to execute or control tests and compare predicted testing outputs with actual testing results such as Selenium, QTP and LoadRunner
respect cultural differences in the field of exhibition;Respect cultural differences when creating artistic concepts and exhibitions. Collaborate with international artists, curators, museums and sponsors.
design brands online communication plan;Design of content and presentation of the brand in an online interactive platform.
manage vessel control systems;Know, operate, test and maintain control systems of vessels. Maintain and if necessary repair electronic components of vessel control systems.
mechanics of motor vehicles;The way energy forces interact and affect components in motor vehicles such as cars, buses, invalid carriages and other motorised vehicles. 
non-destructive testing;The techniques used to assess the characteristics of materials, products and systems without causing damage, such as ultrasonic, radiographic, and remote visual inspection and testing.
sales promotion techniques;The techniques used to persuade customers to purchase a product or a service.
infections in food;The different food risks that may arise from organisms and infectious agents in food products.
steer ship in compliance with helm orders;Steer a ship using various propulsion and steering systems, while under supervision and complying with helm orders.
sell software maintenance contracts;sell software maintenance services for permanent support of sold products.
validate biomedical analysis results;Clinically validate the results of the biomedical analysis, according to the expertise and authorization level.
monitor livestock;Monitor and record the production and the welfare of the livestock.
attach clock cases;Attach clock or watch case to enclose and protect the clockwork or module.
inspect concrete structures;Visually inspect a concrete structure to see if it is structurally sound. Check for different types of cracks, such as those due to reinforcement corrosion, impact damage or high water content.
tend wire drawing machine;Tend a drawing machine designed for forming cold or hot metal into wire, monitor and operate it, according to regulations.
establish educational network;Establish a sustainable network of useful and productive educational partnerships to explore business opportunities and collaborations, as well as stay current about trends in education and topics relevant to the organisation. Networks should ideally be developed on a local, regional, national and international scale.
promote foot health;Provide information and guidance on means to keep ones feet healthy by wearing appropriate footwear or avoiding unhealthy practices such as fungal infections.
negotiate with social service users;Discuss with your client to establish fair conditions, building on a bond of trust, reminding the client that the work is in their favour and encouraging their cooperation.
provide information related to antique items;Accurately describe antique merchandise, estimate its value, discuss aspects of the antique item such as ownership and history.
plan dog grooming work;"Assess customer wishes and plan dog grooming work; assess the dogs head shape and its type of coat, recognising signs of abnormalities, and select the appropriate methods and equipment."
fasten safety devices;"Fasten safety mechanisms for visitors; provide safety directions."
provide learning support in healthcare;Provide the necessary support to facilitate learning for clients, carers, students, peers, support workers and other healthcare practitioners by assessing the learner`s development needs and preferences, designing agreed formal and informal outcomes of learning and delivering materials that facilitate learning and development.
collect rental fees;Receive and process payments from tenants of properties, such as residential or commercial properties, ensuring that the paid rent is in accordance with the contract and that rental fees are paid in a timely manner.
operate steam turbine;Operate equipment which uses thermal energy, extracted from pressurised steam, to generate rotary motion. Ensure that the turbine is balanced, and operates according to safety regulations and legislation, by monitoring the equipment during operations.
create engineering design packages;Create engineering design packages (to include A/V control, video, audio, and networking schematics).
improve business processes;Optimise the series of operations of an organisation to achieve efficiency. Analyse and adapt existing business operations in order to set new objectives and meet new goals.
apply publicity code;Apply legislation and rules to present products to a public in texts, pictures and other symbols.
write gemstone grading report;Write a grading report to determine the quality of gemstones.
operate control systems;Configure and operate electrical, electronic and control equipment. Maintain, monitor and control operations on a control system to ensure major risks are controlled and prevented.
write in conversational tone;Write in such a way that when the text is read it seems as if the words come spontaneously and not at all scripted. Explain concepts and ideas in a clear and simple manner.
lead others;Guide and direct others towards a common goal, often in a group or team.
prepare surface for hardwood floor laying;Make sure the base is properly prepared. Flatten out any uneven surface by applying thin strips of wood called firrings, sanding and refixing any loose or creaky boards.
relay messages through radio and telephone systems;Possess the communication abilities to relay messages through a radio and telephone system.
maintain customer service;Keep the highest possible customer service and make sure that the customer service is at all times performed in a professional way. Help customers or participants feel at ease and support special requirements.
plan teamwork;Plan the working schedule of a group of people in order to meet all time and quality requirements.
carry out internet research;Execute efficient search on the internet in order to gather relevant information and share it with others.
maintain gaming equipment;Maintenance of gaming tools, equipment and supplies.
pollution prevention;The processes used to prevent pollution: precautions to pollution of the environment, procedures to counter pollution and associated equipment, and possible measures to protect the environment.
document analysis results;Document on paper or on electronic devices the process and the results of the samples analysis performed.
provide dog walking services;Provide dog-walking services, including activities such as agreement of services with the customer, selection and use of handling equipment, interaction with the dog, and safe and responsible dog walking.
use query languages;Retrieve information from a database or information system using computer languages designed for the retrieval of data.
geological time scale;System of chronological measurement dividing geologic history into several temporal divisions and subdivisions that take ancient life, geography, and climates into account.
monitor disposal of radioactive substances;Ensure correct management and disposal of radioactive substances used for medical purposes, in compliance with established procedures.
manage educational institutions administration;Administer multiple activities of a school, university or other educational institution such as daily administrative operations.
support local tourism;Promote local products and services to visitors and encourage the use of local tourism operators in a destination.
take referrals for genetic testing;Receive patients who have been referred to genetic testing by other specialists, taking into account the patients` condition such as patients with birth defects, developmental delay, autism, epilepsy).
write Greek;Compose written texts in Greek.
signal cues to announcers;Signal when a song or commercial is about to end or begin to announcers so they know when to start or stop talking.
assist families in crisis situations;Help families by counselling them on how to cope with serious situations, where to find more specialised assistance and services that can help them overcome the family problems.
follow clinical guidelines;Follow agreed protocols and guidelines in support of healthcare practice which are provided by healthcare institutions, professional associations, or authorities and also scientific organisations.
supervise property development projects;Supervise the operations of new projects relating to property development, such as renovation, re-leasing, purchasing of land, building projects, and sale of improved properties. Ensure that the operations are profitable, occur in a timely manner, and are compliant with regulations.
create AutoCAD drawings;Create As-Built municipal drawings using AutoCAD.
participate in the development of new food products;Participate in the development of new food products together within a cross-functional team. Bring technical knowledge and perspective to the development of new products. Perform research. Interpret results for food product development.
develop manufacturing policies;Develop policies and procedures applied in a manufactury such as employment policies or safety procedures.
write Norwegian;Compose written texts in Norwegian.
electrical safety regulations;The safety measures, standards and regulations for working with electrical equipment and the installation, operation and maintenance of electrical wiring and installations.
paint decorative designs;Apply designs in paint, using paint sprayers, paintbrushes or spray cans.
manage rainwater;Implement water sensitive urban design elements such as wet basins, dry basins, drainage and surface infiltration.
zoning codes;The division of land into zones where various uses and activities are allowed, such as residential, agricultural, and industrial activities. These zones are regulated by legislative procedures and local authorities.
carry out treatment prescribed by doctors;Ensure the treatment prescribed by the doctor is being followed by the patient and answer any related questions.
initiate claim file;Start up the process to file a claim for a customer or victim, based on the judgement of the damage and the responsibilities of the parties involved.
perform paediatric surgery;Perform head and neck surgery, thoracic surgery, abdominal surgery, operations of kidneys, bladder and ureters, correction of external genitalia, treatment of anorectal anomalies, and treatment for trauma on children, adolescents and young adults.
coordinate fire fighting;Organize and direct the operations of fire fighting, according to the ships emergency plans to ensure safety.
work safely with pyrotechnical materials in a performance environment;Take necessary precautions while preparing, transporting, storing, installing and operating with pyrotechnical materials and explosives of class T1 and T2.
present publishing plan;Present the timeline, budget, layout, marketing plan, and sales plan for the publishing of a publication.
understand spoken Slovenian;Comprehend orally expressed Slovenian.
use of air traffic services document;"Utilise Air Traffic Services document to prevent collisions between manoeuvring aircraft; ensure orderly flow of air traffic."
use CAD for heels;Digitise and scan the lasts. Work with files in various CAD systems. Produce 3D models of heels and create 2D computer aided designs. Grade and obtain the size series. Prepare technical specifications for manufacturing. Produce 2D and 3D computer aided engineering designs and technical drawings of moulds for vulcanised and injected heels. Export the files of the virtual models to 3D printers, CAM or CNC systems.
understand written Telugu;Read and comprehend written texts in Telugu.
read 3D displays;Read 3D-displays and understand the information they provide on positions, distances, and other parameters.
operate forging tongs;Operate the appropriate forging tools and equipment safely, including forging tongs for handling and moving hot metal workpieces during forging processes.
operate grader;Operate a grader, a piece of heavy equipment used in construction to create a flat surface.
design plans to address undesirable behaviour in animals;Gather information about the animal behaviour issues, interpret relevant information about the animal, assess the impact of external factors, and assess husbandry/management practices on the animal to develop a plan which tackles undesirable behaviour.
histopathology;The procedures needed for the microscopic examination of stained tissue sections using histological techniques.
food flavourings;Substances used to alter the odour and taste of food products. They can be produced naturally by extracting the essential oil from the plant, or created chemically by mixing chemical compounds called esters to specific oils.
chuchotage interpreting;The act of providing individual simultaneous interpreting in a low voice to a small audience. This type of interpreting entails no specialised equipment and it is targeted to the few who do not understand the language spoken.
improve translated texts;Revise, read, and improve human or machine translations. Strive to improve the accuracy and quality of translations.
install circuit breakers;Install electrical switches designed to switch off automatically in case of an overload or short-circuit. Organise circuit breakers in the panel logically. Make sure no foreign objects are introduced into the panel. Use only circuit breakers approved for the panel, usually the same manufacturer.
quran;The content and interpretations of the religious book of Islam.
develop aftersale policies;"Develop after-sales policies and report results to the management; translate policies into concrete actions in order to improve customer support; identify opportunities for further business transactions."
engage in chiropractic research;Undertake different levels of engagement in research activities to improve the quality of, and evidence base for, chiropractic.
decide on infestation treatment type;Based on the evaluation of the infestation type and source, plan the treatment type to be applied such as fumigation, poison paste or bait, traps, spraying insecticides.
operate engraving equipment;Operate mechanical engraving tools and machines, set controls of cutting tools. Make adjustments if necessary.
work in assembly line teams;Manufacture products on a moving assembly line. Work in a team where everyone has an assigned task.
mount control panel components;Connect electrical components, such as circuit breakers, DIN rails, and switches, directly onto the surface of a printed circuit board.
thread cloth liner;Thread around moulds the cloth liner already soaked with water.
clean camping facilities;Disinfect and maintain camping facilities such as cabins, caravans, grounds and recreational facilities.
monitor charitys budget;Monitor and manage the charity organisation`s budget such as the annual income and expenditure, fundraising budgets and financial progress.
NoSQL;The Not Only SQL non-relational database used for creating, updating and managing large amounts of unstructured data stored in the cloud.
handle mail;Handle mail considering data protection issues, health and safety requirements, and specifications of different kinds of mail.
organise tree plantations;Organise the tree plantations. Grow crops in an efficient way.
educate people about nature;Speak to a variety of audiences about e.g. information, concepts, theories and/or activities related to nature and its conservation. Produce written information. This information may be presented in a range of formats e.g. display signs, information sheets, posters, website text etc.
operate nailing machinery;Set up and operate machinery and equipment that uses nails to fasten wooden parts together to create goods, such as boxes, crates or pallets.
maintain a central project repository;Store project files and documents in a central repository accessible to the project manager and to all the project teams. Use available online tools and dedicated software.
perform maintenance on fire alarm systems;Monitor the fire alarm system in the building and maintain emergency lights and smoke detectors by performing regular testing.
diagnose mental disorders;Formulate a diagnosis for people with a variety of issues and mental disorders, ranging from short-term personal and emotional problems to severe, chronic mental conditions, recognising and critically evaluating any possible mental health issues.
confront offenders;Confront offenders such as shoplifters with their acts by presenting evidence such as video recordings.
handle fragile items;Use different specialised handling for products that are delicate and tend to be broken or damaged easily.
supervise dental staff;Supervise the work of dental staff, making sure they manage equipment and supplies appropriately.
test optoelectronics;Test optoelectronic systems, products, and components using electronic, optic, and photonic testing and measuring equipment.
undertake clinical chiropractic research;Undertake research activities such as research papers, critical reviews, case studies, editorials, expert commentaries and book reviews in order to improve the evidence base for chiropractic and assist chiropractors in the management of their patients.
tend bakery ovens;Operate ovens using the right thermal regime to bake different types of dough and maintain equipment in order to ensure effective and correct operation.
represent clients in courts;Assume the position of representation in behalf of clients in courtrooms. Present arguments and evidence in favour of the client in order to win the case.
identify software for warehouse management;Identify relevant software and applications used for warehouse management systems, their characteristics and value added to warehouse management operations.
wildlife;Undomesticated animal species, as well as all plants, fungi and other organisms that grow or live wild in an area without being introduced by humans. Wildlife can be found in all ecosystems such as deserts, forests, rain forests, plains, grasslands and other areas including the most developed urban areas, all have distinct forms of wildlife. Handling of wildlife capture equipment.
load products for dispatch;Load goods appropriately so that they can be sent safely to the receiver.
quantitative risk analysis techniques;The tools and techniques used to quantify the effect of risks on the objectives and targets of an organization and assign them a numerical rating, such as interviews and surveys, probability distribution, sensitivity analysis, risk modelling and simulation, cause and effect matrix, failure mode and effects analysis (FMEA), cost risk analysis and schedule risk analysis.
tend winding machines;Set up, operate, and maintain winding machines to wrap yarns or strings of all kinds onto spools, reels, and bobbins.
pump wax;Pump the molten wax through the filter press.
set up crane;Set up cranes taking all safety measures into account.
apply caseload management;Manage a number of patients within a given amount of time, striving to provide optimum health services.
negotiate service with providers;Arrange contracts with providers concerning accommodation, transport and leisure services.
process loyalty schemes;Provide customers with applications for loyalty schemes. Register customer to loyalty schemes by assigning the card on their account. Exchange bonus for loyalty benefits.
develop food production processes;Develop processes and techniques for food production or food preservation. Engage in the design, development, construction and operation of industrial processes and techniques for food manufacturing.
computational fluid dynamics;The principles of computer-manipulated fluid mechanics, which determines the behaviour of fluids in motion. 
warm marine glue;Heat marine glue safely according to specifications and recipe.
witness the signing of documents;Observe and attest the veracity of the celebration and signing of documents having a legally binding character.
perform health assessment;Autonomously perform comprehensive health assessment, using professional judgement to refer patients requiring specialist attention to other health professionals and agencies as appropriate.
apply foreign languages in social services;Communicate with social service users and social services providers in foreign languages, according to their needs.
teach intercultural communication methods;Advise individuals or businesses on their intercultural communication. Explain methods and ways to facilitate communication between people of other cultures.
encourage healthcare users self-monitoring;Encourage the healthcare user to engage in self-monitoring by conducting situational and developmental analyses on him- or herself. Assist the healthcare user to develop a degree of self-critique and self-analysis in regards to his behaviour, actions, relationships and self-awareness.
ICT help platforms;The platforms for delivering help systems for operating systems.
lathe machine parts;The different parts of a lathe machine and their applications, such as the compound, the bed, the sadle, the cross slide, the cutting tool, the lathe dog and more.
monitor programming finances;Oversee the monitoring of the budgets for each production, and find as many funds and sponsors as necessary in order to contribute to the financial optimisation of the production.
organise product display;Arrange goods in attractive and safe way. Set up a counter or other display area where demonstrations take place in order to attract the attention of prospective customers. Organise and maintain stands for merchandise display. Create and assemble sales spot and product displays for sales process.
advise on insurance policies;Advise on specific contracts and general insurance guidelines, such as the terms of coverage, the risks that are involved, the handling of claims, and terms of settlements.
spray finishing technology;Equipment, technologies and techniques for spray finishing of leather according to product specification. Topics include surface preparation, equipment types, preparation of finishing mixtures, operation monitoring and spray applications related to different type of finishing, coatings and final articles.
aviation standards and recommended practices;Know the official Standards and Recommended Practices (SARPs) of ICAO, designed to assist in the management of aviation safety risks in order to reduce the number of aviation accidents and incidents.
historic architecture;The techniques and styles of various periods in history from an architectural standpoint.
adapt evaluation methodology;Use appropriate evaluation methods, identify data requirements, sources, sampling, and data collection tools. Adapt evaluation designs and methods to specific contexts.
show empathy;Show empathy in order to prevent any kind of symbolic violence and isolation and to guarantee a considerate attention to everyone. It should include a capacity to understand various verbal and non-verbal communication of sentiment and feeling.
types of piping;A variety of types of piping and piping materials. PVC, CPVC, PEX, copper, and the advantages, usage cases, risks, and costs of each.
design circuit boards;Draught circuit boards used in electronic product such as cell phones and computers, make sure to include integrated circuits and microchips in the design.
work in conveyor belts in food manufacturing;Work in rotating conveyor belt systems in food manufacturing.
develop travel charter programme;Create travel charter programmes in accordance to organisation policy and market demand.
cadastral taxation;The taxation legislation concerning real estate and real propertys metes-and-bounds of a community.
analyse images;Evaluate scans or images taken with imaging or optical equipment and machinery.
manage administrative systems;Ensure administrative systems, processes and databases are efficient and well managed and give the sound basis to work together with the administrative officer/staff/professional.
provide after school care;Lead, supervise or help with the assistance of indoor and outdoor recreational or educational activities after school or during school holidays.
perform carbonation processes;Perform carbonation processes which refer to the infusion of carbon dioxide under high pressure in order to obtain effervescent beverages such as sodas, sparkling wines, and beverages.
analyse environmental data;Analyse data that interpret correlations between human activities and environmental effects.
communicate with beneficiaries;Communicate with individuals or organisations who are entitled to receive benefits in the form of funds or other rights in order to obtain information on the procedures, to ensure that beneficiaries receive the benefits they are entitled to, and to provide further information.
ensure positive relations within the artistic team;Share ideas, reflections, suggestions and difficulties on any part of the production with the adequate person. Ensure smooth and positive relationships and communication within the artistic team.
settle concrete;Settle the concrete using the vibrating tables.
understand written Berber;Read and comprehend written texts in Berber.
draft press releases;Collect information and write press releases adjusting the register to the target audience and ensuring that the message is well conveyed.
conduct food tests;Conduct tests and inspections of processes, services and products to evaluate quality or performance. Describe and analyse components of food raw materials or already manufactured products.
test performance of power plants;Analyse the performance of power plants by operating the plant at maximum output for a predetermined period of time so guaranteed performance can be established and legal quality requirements can be verified.
handle documentation for prepared animal feeds;Register the required transport documents for prepared animal feeds. Registering medicated feeds.
maintain power plant machinery;Maintain and repair power plant machinery and equipment to prevent operational problems and ensure all machines perform sufficiently
monitor composting;Mix the biodegradable materials respecting the appropriate proportion and monitor the degradation process of organic waste.
conduct forensic evaluations;Participate in evaluations required to attest the presence and severity of a mental illness, according to the requirements of a criminal or civil court.
transfer oxygen;Transfer liquid or gaseous oxygen by opening the valves to allow the transfer through the heat exchanger to cool air and store the oxygen in tanks. This ensures the adequate temperature and pressure parameters are met.
move bodies of deceased persons;Transfer bodies of deceased persons or arrange transport from the place of death to the morgue or funeral home, in and out of the hearse and from the funeral home to the cemetery.
ICT security legislation;The set of legislative rules that safeguards information technology, ICT networks and computer systems and legal consequences which result from their misuse. Regulated measures include firewalls, intrusion detection, anti-virus software and encryption.
liquidity management;The theory and practices around the management of liquidity in a company with the aim of facilitating meeting obligations with thirds parties without compromising the smooth functioning of the company nor incurring in substantial losses.
perform vessel maintenance and cleaning;Follow the First Mates instructions in assisting with equipment maintenance such as painting or varnishing, splicing lines, and wash-down chores.
fabricate belts;Fabricate transmission and conveyor belts by building up plies of rubberised fabric and gum.
tend spring making machine;Tend a metalworking machine designed to produce metal springs, through either hot winding or cold winding processes, monitor and operate it according to regulations.
measure metal to be heated;Measure the amounts of steel or other metals to be heated. Take decisions on the amount of heat to be used, the duration of the heating, and other variables in the process based on the measurement.
provide information on solar panels;Provide organisations and individuals searching for alternative methods to provide facilities and residences with energy on the costs, benefits, and negative aspects of the installation and use of solar panels, and what one must take into account when considering the purchase and installation of solar systems.
techniques for doll creation;The methods of building moulds, attaching parts and handling different kind of handtools in order to create or repair dolls.
maintain professional records;Produce and maintain records of work performed.
promote service users rights;Supporting client`s rights to control his or her life, making informed choices about the services they receive, respecting and, where appropriate, promoting the individual views and wishes of both the client and his or her caregivers.
operate material handling equipment;"Perform general physical activities in warehouse such as loading, unloading and sorting goods; operate handling equipment."
instruct clients on the usage of office equipment;Provide customers with information about office equipment and instruct them on how to use equipment such as printers, scanners and modems.
stealth technology;The techniques used to make aircraft, ships, missiles and satellites less detectable to radars and sonars. This includes the design of particular shapes and the development of radar-absorbent material.
handle rental overdues;Identifying rental delays of return and applying the appropriate measures such as additional payment and adjust availability of rentable items.
use theoretical marketing models;Interpret different academic theories and models of academic nature and make use of them to create the marketing strategy of the company. Employ strategies such as the 7Ps, the customer lifetime value, and the unique selling proposition (USP).
calculate sales commission;Calculate the fee an employee receives for making a successful sale. Take into account the different types of commission such as a flat fee or percentage of the revenue.
clear drill sites;"Clear drill site e.g. by cutting down surrounding trees; make way for new roads to drill site."
food science;The study of the physical, biological, and chemical makeup of food and the scientific concepts underlying food processing and nutrition.
monitor political conflicts;Monitor the possibility and development of political conflicts in specific contexts, such as in or between political parties, governments, or between different countries, as well as identifying its potential impact on government operations, and public safety.
interact verbally in Irish;Communicate orally in Irish.
assess character;Assess how a certain person will react, verbally or physically, in a specific situation or to a specific happening.
follow airport snow control plan;Follow the snow control plan written by the snow committee whereby responsibilities for the winter services are detailed, rules on air traffic interruptions are specified, priorities are set, and the availability of snow removal vehicles and equipment is established.
airport electrical systems;Know the different elements that comprise airport electrical systems, such as air navigation equipment, electronic landing aids, radars, and meteorological services. Know the function and operation of each of these elements.
distinguish lumber categories;Distinguish grade marks for each piece of lumber. These are based on its several possible strengths and defects. It allows grouping lumber into different size categories.
monitor forest productivity;Monitor and improve forest productivity by organising growing, timber harvesting, and health measures.
make architectural mock-ups;Make a scale model that represents the vision and specifications of the construction project to allow the design team to review details such as colour and materials selection, and to show and discuss the project with the customers.
liaise with advertising agencies;Communicate and cooperate with advertising agencies in transmitting the goals and specifications of the marketing plan. Liaise to develop an advertising and promotional campaign that represent the aim of the marketing plan.
trace meat products;Take the regulations regarding the traceability of final products within the sector into account.
use wire hand tools;Be able to use wire hand tools, such as crimp tools, cable strippers, and cable cutters.
provide software testing documentation;Describe software testing procedures to technical team and analysis of test outcomes to users and clients in order to inform them about state and efficiency of software.
assemble electromechanical systems;Put together electromechanical equipment and machinery according to specifications.
ensure product preparation;"Ensure that products such as food items are correctly prepared and made ready for consumption; combine different parts until they form one sellable unit."
write routine reports;Compose regular reports by writing clear observations on the monitored processes in a respective field.
use internet to increase sales;Promote goods and services through the use of internet systems such as e-commerce, m-commerce and social media in order to increase sales.
perform screening for infectious diseases;Screen and test for infectious diseases, such as rubella or hepatitis. Identify micro-organisms causing disease.
describe scenes;Watch scenes closely in order to comprehend their essence and describe the spatial element, the sounds, and the dialogue.
conduct podiatry consultation;Asses the condition of the patient`s feet by cutting his/hers toenails, removing any hard skin and checking for corns, calluses or verrucas and decide on a diagnosis.
pathogenic microorganisms;The main classes of pathogenic microorganisms, the spread of infection and the use of universal precautions.
clean contaminants from airport runways;Clean away contaminants detected on the runway tarmac such as fuel, lubricants, hydraulic oils, marking paint and rubber. Use techniques for cleaning contaminants such as chemical cleaning, mechanical grinding, or high pressure water blasting.
advise on healthy lifestyles;Promote healthy lifestyles, preventive measures and self-care by strengthening empowerment, promoting health and enhancing behaviours and therapeutic compliance, providing patients with the adequate information in order to support compliance with and adherence to prescribed treatments, medication and nursing care.
tape transcription;The act of translating spoken utterances into written text format.
use mathematical tools for managing vehicles;Use mathematical tools and electronic equipment for managing activities with the vehicles and customers, and performing routine operations that deal with numeracy and calculations.
participate in vine maintenance;Participate in the maintenance of vines, trellising, pruning, weeding and watering.
design power plant systems;Model and plan the conceptual design of the specific systems in a power plant and their main components. The various operation modes of the plant, such as normal, failure, and emergency are included in the design.
advise customers on usage of cosmetics;Provide advice to customers on how to apply various cosmetic products such as lotions, powders, nail polish or creams.
manage mineral testing procedures;Manage mineral testing procedures in order to assess product quality at all stages.
repair battery components;Repair battery components through replacing cells, repairing wiring, or spot-welding cells.
model electromechanical systems;Model and simulate an electromechanical system, product, or component so that an assessment can be made of the viability of the product and so the physical parameters can be examined before the actual building of the product.
causes of damage to paved surfaces in airports;The different causes of damage to paved surfaces in airports. Damage that derives from design or construction issues such as insufficient paving, high water content in paving mixtures, improper treatment during hardening. Causes of visible damage such as porous or disintegrated surfaces, separation of the top surface layer, smoothing of the surface, cracks in the paved surfaces.
provide assistance with job search;Help students or adults in their search to find a profession by identifying career options, building a curriculum vitae, preparing them for job interviews, and locating job vacancies.
administer oaths;Administer oaths as promises of the veracity of acts in order to be taken as legit facts.
interact verbally in Punjabi;Communicate orally in Punjabi.
topography;Graphic representation of the surface features of a place or region on a map indicating their relative positions and elevations.
market participants;The businesses, relations and opportunities of different participants in the market.
apply signalling control procedures;"Control train movements; operate railway signals and block systems to ensure that trains operate safely, on correct routes, and on time."
food hygiene rules;The set of national and international regulations for hygiene of foodstuffs and food safety, e.g. regulation (EC) 852/2004.
operate ship equipment;Operate ship equipment such as engines and generators, winches, and HVAC systems. Assume responsibility for all exterior equipment, as well as some interior. Ensure that deck equipment is operated safely.
install heating, ventilation, air conditioning and refrigeration ducts;Install ducts to deliver and remove air. Determine whether the duct should be flexible or not, and select the appropriate material based on projected usage. Waterproof and airproof the duct and insulate it against temperature influence to ensure maximum efficiency and prevent contamination with mould. Make the correct connections between the ducts and endpoints.
temperature scales;Celsius and Fahrenheit temperature scales.
participate in training sessions;Observe a training session. Try out the exercises. Understand the underlying concepts. Document the exercises Evaluate the quality and relevance of the training session. Propose adjustments. Verify participation in training sessions.
interpret electromyograms;Analyse and interpret electromyograms or EMGs to detect the electrical potential generated by muscle cells when these cells are electrically or neurologically activated.
understand spoken Slovak;Comprehend orally expressed Slovak.
negotiate compromises;Communicate with others with the intention of reaching a common understanding or to resolve a point of difference, without losing sight of ones own or others intentions or goals.
test microelectronics;Test microelectronics using appropriate equipment. Gather and analyse data. Monitor and evaluate system performance and take action if needed.
enforce alcohol drinking laws;Implement local legislation surrounding the selling of alcoholic beverages, including its sale to minors.
teach medical science;Instruct students in the theory and practice of medical science, more specifically in human anatomy, medical treatment and therapy, medical diseases and conditions, physiology, and medical research.
perform software unit testing;Test single units of source code to determine whether or not they are suitable for use by creating short code fragments.
teach history;Instruct students in the theory and practice of history and historical research, and more specifically in topics such as history of the Middle Ages, research methods, and source criticism.
fermentation processes of food;Conversion of carbohydrates into alcohol and carbon dioxide. This process happens using bacteria or yeasts, or a combination of the two under anaerobic conditions. Food fermentation is also involved in the process of leavening bread and the process of producing lactic acid in foods such as dry sausages, sauerkraut, yogurt, pickles, and kimchi.
develop software prototype;Create a first incomplete or preliminary version of a piece of software application to simulate some specific aspects of the final product.
assist in the conducting of flight checks;Assist pre-flight and in-flight checks in order to detect problems and provide solutions to them, together with the flight captain, the first pilot or the inflight engineer.
set up effective working relationships with other sports players;Set up and sustain effective working relationships with other players and athletes from the same team.
prepare assembled moulds for finishing;Prepare the already assembled moulds for further finishing by setting them between twin parallel power rollers.
perform music in ensemble;Perform music in cooperation with fellow musicians, as a part of an ensemble.
optimise production;"Analyse and identify the strengths and weaknesses of solutions, conclusions or approaches to problems; formulate and plan alternatives."
take payments for bills;Accept payments from customers by cash money or credit cards.
stack empty pallets;Deposit empty pallets in the designed location.
smart grids systems;Smart grids are a digital electricity network. The system involves the electronic digital control of production, distribution and use of electricity, information management of the components and energy saving.
connect music fragments;Connect fragments of or whole songs together in a smooth manner.
bodily fluid analysis;Test performed on samples of bodily fluids such as blood, urine, spinal and gastric fluids, in order to determine the presence of any disease-related substances.
perform maintenance on installed equipment;Perform the maintenance on installed equipment on-site. Follow procedures to avoid uninstalling equipment from machinery or vehicles.
maintain construction structures;Repair and maintain existing construction structures in order to keep these structures in a safe and sanitary condition, and compliant to safety standards and regulations.
adapt leadership styles in healthcare;Adapt leadership styles and approaches to different situations concerning nursing clinical practice and healthcare.
liaise with property owners;Establish good working relations with the owner, signal problems and renovation needs, and advise on the choice of tenants.
use communication devices;Operate communication devices in order to interact with customers, colleagues, and others.
advise on financial matters;Consult, advise, and propose solutions with regards to financial management such as acquiring new assets, incurring in investments, and tax efficiency methods.
manage stable;Ensure welfare of horses in the stable. Oversee others who work in the stable. Administer basic medical treatment. Understand horse behaviour and take care of nutritional needs.
make artistic food creations;Use ingredients, mixes and instruments to create artistic food preparations e.g. cakes. Be imaginative and resourceful, and combine colours and shapes to good effect. Turn designs into reality, caring for aesthetic and presentation.
perform pre-treatment imaging;Perform the optimal pre-treatment imaging for the individual cancer site.
collect aquatic resources;Collects spat and seaweed, as well as shellfish or any other aquatic animal (i.e. crustacean and echinoderms) or vegetable resource. Uses the appropriate equipment depending on the species.
select animals for training;Select animals for training using selection criteria including intended outcome of training, age, temperament, species and breed differences. Selection of animals for training includes basic training or training to meet specific objectives.
collect ICT data;Gather data by designing and applying search and sampling methods.
perform intra-operative neuromonitoring;Perform investigations such as electroencephalography, electromyography and evoked potentials to monitor the functional integrity of neural structures such as nerves, spinal cord and parts of the brain during surgery.
epigraphy;The historical study of ancient inscriptions on materials such as stone, wood, glas, metal and leather.  
assemble performance equipment;Set up sound, light and video equipment on stage before performance event according to specifications.
organisational resilience;The strategies, methods and techniques that increase the organisations capacity to protect and sustain the services and operations that fulfil the organisational mission and create lasting values by effectively addressing the combined issues of security, preparedness, risk and disaster recovery.
patient safety theories;The knowledge of theories addressing the management of risk and safety in nursing operations, such as the normal accident theory, the high reliability theory and the grid-group cultural theory.
perform frames repairs;Repair/replace damaged frames or glasses for customers.
restock towels;Renew the stock of towels and spa products in both men and locker rooms as in the pool area. Remove these to the designated areas and launder towels, robes and sandals if needed.
promote homeopathy;Promote the effects and application of homeopathy to various events and seminars within the community or to other health care professionals.
cope with stress;Handle challenges, disruption and change and recover from set-backs and adversity.
monitor technology trends;Survey and investigate recent trends and developments in technology. Observe and anticipate their evolution, according to current or future market and business conditions.
prepare credit offers;Identify the credit needs of clients, their financial situation and debt issues. Identify optimal credit solutions and offer tailored credit services.
subsidiary operations;The coordination, processes, and operations revolving around the management of subsidiaries either nationally or internationally. The integration of strategic guidelines coming from the headquarters, consolidation of financial reporting, and abidance by the regulatory mandates of the jurisdiction where the subsidiary operates.
load cargo onto ships;Load and unload cargo onto ships. Oversee cargo loading and discharging operations.
deal with killing animals processes;Cope with the process of slaughtering and handling carcasses without distress.
manufacturing of metal containers;The manufacture of reservoirs, tanks and similar containers of metal, of types normally installed as fixtures for storage or manufacturing use. The manufacture of metal containers for compressed or liquefied gas.
tailor orthopaedic footwear;Make or adapt shoes tailored to the customers feet, for customers with physical disabilities or anomalies. Reshape shoes, adapt heels or use orthopedic soles to meet the customers needs.
apply scientific methods;Apply scientific methods and techniques to investigate phenomena, by acquiring new knowledge or correcting and integrating previous knowledge.
assemble visual displays;Assemble and rearrange visual displays in showcase or in-store.
apply person-centred care;Treat individuals as partners in planning, developing and assessing care, to make sure it is appropriate for their needs. Put them and their caregivers at the heart of all decisions.
deal with pressure from unexpected circumstances;Strive to achieve objectives despite the pressures arising from unexpected factors outside of your control.
modify textile designs;Edit sketches and digital textile designs until they meet up with customers requirements.
cut trees to clear public access;Cut trees or parts of trees to clear the public access and electrical cables.
oversee stock quality control;Check overall product quality prior to shipment.
use CAM software;Use computer-aided manufacturing (CAM) programmes to control machinery and machine tools in the creation, modification, analysis, or optimisation as part of the manufacturing processes of workpieces.
contribute to the development of a sporting estate;Analyse estate records for previous sporting years to establish effectiveness of previous activities and development opportunities, establish previous resource usage to determine efficiency, assess options and establish proposals outlining future sporting capability of sporting estate, make contributions towards the finalisation of the sporting plan, suggest realistic targets and ideas for maintaining and improving the future sporting potential.
Javanese;The Javanese language.
develop strategy to solve problems;Develop specific goals and plans to prioritise, organise, and accomplish work.
work efficiently;Achieve objectives using minimum amount of time, effort, or cost.
robotic components;The components that can be found in robotic systems, such as microprocessors, electronics, sensors, circuit boards, encoders, servomotors, controllers, pneumatics or hydraulics.
manage time in furnace operations;Manage and comply to the schedule specifications in furnace operations, ensuring that the processes are completed in a timely manner.
install metal gas piping;Safely install gas pipes and tubes made of steel or copper. Install all necessary connectors and modern ball valves. Test the pipe to make sure there are no leaks.
define measurable marketing objectives;Outline the measurable performance indicators of the marketing plan such as market share, customer value, brand awareness, and sales revenues. Follow up on the progress of these indicators during the development of the marketing plan.
monitor processing conditions;Observe gauges, video monitors, and printouts to assess if specified processing conditions are in place. Make the necessary adjustments to process variables such as times, inputs, flow rates and temperature settings.
monitor automated machines;Continuously check up on the automated machines set-up and execution or make regular control rounds. If necessary, record and interpret data on the operating conditions of installations and equipment in order to identify abnormalities.
set inclusion policies;Develop and implement plans which aim to create an environment in an organisation which is positive and inclusive of minorities, such as ethnicities, gender identities, and religious minorities.
draw sketches to develop textile articles;Draw sketches to develop textiles or wearing apparel by hand. They create visualisations of the motives, patterns or products in order to be manufactured.
pre-blend tobacco leaves;Pre-blend tobacco leaves to ensure a balanced mix of different types of tobacco in one hand.
maintain dance training;Participate in training sessions and classes to ensure the highest possible level of technical proficiency, physical ability, and physical fitness. Identify the requirements of the work that orientates the goal of the training.
conduct genome research;Conduct research on matters relating to the genome, including gene expression, metabolic networks and nucleic acid or protein complexes.
convert scribbles into virtual sketches;Use software to convert the roughly drawn representation of a design into a two-dimensional geometrical sketch that they can further develop to obtain the final concept.
design offshore energy systems;Develop design specifications for offshore energy systems and their components, ensuring that the design is optimised to ensure safe and efficient production of energy. Create checklists for the inspection and monitoring of completed offshore installation projects.
provide staff training in warehouse management;Undertake the necessary training activities and training programmes for company staff in warehouse management.
conduct drug abuse tests;Conduct alcohol and drug tests according to government and company policies and procedures. Conducts random, reasonable suspicion, and post-accident testing using basic equipment.
analyse ICT system;Analyse the functioning and performance of information systems in order to define their goals, architecture and services and set procedures and operations to meet end users requirements.
show good manners with players;Be polite and show good manners towards players, by-standers and other audience.
manage workflow processes;Develop, document and implement traffic and workflow processes across the company for different functions. Liaise with several departments and services such as account management and the creative director to plan and resource work.
tape drywall;Seal the joints between panels of drywall. Fill the tapered edges of the panels with joint compound and press joint tape into the compound. Let dry and cover with one or several layers of joint compound, leaving time for each layer to dry and sanding lightly to obtain a smooth finish.
consumer protection;The current legislation applicable in relation to the rights of consumers in the marketplace.
maintain stage weapons;Check, maintain and repair stage weapons.
coordinate engineering teams;Plan, coordinate and supervise engineering activities together with engineers and engineering technicians. Ensure clear and effective channels of communication across all departments. Make sure the team is aware of the standards and objectives of the research and development.
SMED;SMED (Single-Minute Exchange of Dies) is a system for dramatically reducing the time it takes to complete equipment changeovers.
work with blacksmithing power tools;Work with drills, air chisels, power hammers, hydraulic presses, grinders, and others to create (semi-)hand-made metal products by performing blacksmithing operations.
ethnolinguistics;The field of linguistics that studies the relation between a language and the culture of the people who speak it.
perform warehousing operations;Perform operations carried out in warehouses such as packing, carrying, stacking goods, sorting, loading and unloading freight from vans, trucks, wagons, ships or aircrafts.
apply transportation management concepts;Apply transport industry management concepts in order to improve transportation processes, reduce waste, increase efficiency, and improve schedule preparation.
health psychology;The development, implementations and evaluation of health psychological concepts.
prescribe physical therapy to animals;Prescribe physical methods for therapy in animals, such as modification of exercise, massage, heat treatment, electrical and other wave based treatments.
maintain edge banding machinery;Maintain edge banding machinery and equipment, to ensure that it is clean and in safe, working order. Perform routine maintenance on equipment and adjust when necessary, using hand and power tools.
allergology;Allergology is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
computer vision;The definition and functioning of computer vision. Computer vision tools to allow computers to extract information from digital images such as photographs or video. Areas of application to solve real-world problems like security, autonomous driving, robotic manufacturing and inspection, digital image classification, medical image processing and diagnosis, and others.
betting legislation;The official legislations and laws that regulate or prohibit betting activities.
ensure consistency of translation works in multiple target languages;Guarantee the consistency and preservation of meaning in the various languages in which works have been translated.
pharmaceutical technology;Pharmaceutical technology is the branch of pharmaceutics which deals with the technological design, development, manufacture, and evaluation of drugs and medicinal products.
read ship operational data;Analyse and utilise vessel data in order to prevent potential problems.
record jewel processing time;Record the amount of time it took to process an item of jewellery.
machinery load capacity;The maximum load capacity of the operated piece of machinery, under different circumstances and in different positions and movements. Passive load capacity and active load capacity, which is measure while in motion.
common childrens diseases;The symptoms, characteristics, and treatment of diseases and disorders that often affect children, such as the measles, chickenpox, asthma, the mumps, and head lice.
ensure quality assurance for pharmaceutical products;Take the necessary steps to guarantee the quality of pharmaceutical products ensuring that the refrigerators/freezers are at the correct temperature and complete the appropriate documentation.
nurse plants;Determine the need for nursing activities and carry out nursing by cultivating, maintaining, watering and spraying the plants and trees manually or using appropriate equipment, taking into account the plant species and following safety requirements.
advise client on technical possibilities;Recommend technical solutions, including systems, to the client within the framework of a project.
operate metal heating equipment;Use heating machinery to bake filled-up moulds or to melt steel, metal and other materials.
provide quality assurance for meteorological services+H40;"Develop operating procedures for meteorological services; provide quality assurance and pursue continuous improvement of service."
maintain cleaning equipment;Clean and preserve the equipment and material used for cleaning purposes in a proper state.
sell cosmetics;Sell a variety of cosmetic products such as lotions, soaps, lip sticks, hair removers, perfumes, tooth pastes, face masks, nail polisher and deodorants.
GameSalad;The drag-and-drop software interface that consists of specialised design tools used for the rapid iteration of user-derived computer games by users with limited programming knowledge.
computer science;The scientific and practical study that deals with the foundations of information and computation, namely algorithms, data structures, programming, and data architecture. It deals with the practicability, structure and mechanisation of the methodical procedures that manage the acquisition, processing, and access to information.
oxidation;Oxidation and reduction are chemical processes characterised in terms of oxygen, hydrogen or electrons transfer that occurs during a reaction between a molecule, atom or ion.
lacquer spray gun parts;The various parts of a spray gun designed to provide the surface of a workpiece with a durable lacquer finishing coat, such as the stay-cool handle, inline valve, stainless steel springs, pattern control knob, air cap, metal collar, stainless steel fluid components, external needle packing adjustment, trigger, and others.
screen live fish deformities;Examine live fish, including larvae, to detect deformities related to body shape, jaw deformity, vertebral deformity and skeletal deformity. If not detected, these could lead to risks for fish, such as swimming performance, feed efficiency, limit of the feed, infectious disease and lethality.
counsel patient on family concerns;Guide and advise patients on unsatisfactory relationships, divorce and separation, child rearing, home management, and financial difficulties.
stem cells;The biological development of human embryonic stem cells, together with the ethical concerns related and the legal requirements involved.
advise customers on food and drinks pairing;Provide advice to customers related to which wines, liquors or other alcoholic beverages sold in the store can match with different types of food.
colour ranges of roasting;Different colour codes and ranges, usually depicted in colour charts, to define their roast color levels.
perform daily maintenance on ship machinery;Perform daily maintenance tasks on machinery in ships, such as pumps, piping systems and ballast systems.
advise on maritime regulations;Provide information and advice on maritime laws, vessel registration, and safety regulations.
apply opaque;Cover up film negatives by applying opaque to printing plates, blocking out defections such as blemishes and pinholes.
milling machines;Milling and mills and their operation in theory and practice.
analyse election procedures;Analyse the proceedings during elections and campaigns in order to monitor the voting behaviour of the public, identify ways in which the election campaign can be improved for politicians, and to predict the election outcomes.
recreation activities;The field and characteristics of recreational activities for customers.
disaggregate the production plan;Splits production plan in daily, weekly, and monthly plans with clear objectives and targets required.
keep records for dental prostheses;Make the required records for the laboratory fabrication of dental prostheses and appliances.
clean rooms;Clean rooms by cleaning glasswork and windows, polishing furniture, vacuuming carpets, scrubing hard floors, and removing garbage.
install automotive electrical equipment;Place electrical circuits and wiring in vehicles such as lighting and voltage gauges. These distribute and regulate electrical power and supply it to meters and other devices in the car.
design customer experiences;Create customer experiences to maximise clients satisfaction and profitability.
types of literature genres;The different literary genres in the history of literature, their technique, tone, content and length.
mix moulding and casting material;Measure and mix ingredients for casting and moulding materials, according to appropriate formula.
understand spoken Finnish;Comprehend orally expressed Finnish.
test for behavioural patterns;Discern patterns in the behaviour of individuals by using various tests in order to understand the causes of their behaviour.
geographical routes;The interpretation of geographical information such as locations and distances between them.
John The Ripper (penetration testing tool);The tool John the Ripper is a password recovery tool which tests security weaknesses of the systems for potentially unauthorised access to system information. The key features of this tool are the strength-checking code and password hash code.
manage import export licenses;Ensure the effective issuing of permits and licenses in import and export processes.
plan resource allocation;Plan future needs of various resources such as time, money and specific process resources.
collaborate to discuss treatment plans in psychotherapy;Discuss, if appropriate, treatment plans and progress with physicians, psychologists, social workers, psychiatric nurses and other professionals.
fuel gas;The various qualities, hazards and applications of gaseous fuels, such as oxy-acetylene, oxy-gasoline, oxy-hydrogen and others.
use hand pliers;Press text and simple graphic information using hand pliers, which emboss a certain seal on a surface.
understand written Walloon;Read and comprehend written texts in ?Walloon.
conduct physical examinations;Conduct physical examination of healthcare users, looking for signs of dysfunction and sub-optimal function and analysing the patient`s systems, posture, spine and reflexes.
coordinate performance tours;Schedule planning for a series of event dates, plan timetables, organise venues, accommodations and transportation for longer tours.
prevent kiln loss of heat;Prevent the waste of heat by sealing the kiln door with bricks and clay.
write Croatian;Compose written texts in Croatian.
make logistical arrangements;Cooperate with coach operators, transport providers and accommodation providers in order to schedule transport, accommodation and activities.
teach journalistic practices;Instruct students in the guidelines and theories concerning journalistic principles and ways to present news information through different media.
perform office routine activities;Program, prepare, and perform activities required to be performed everyday in offices such as mailing, receiving supplies, updating managers and employees, and keeping operations running smoothly.
prepare inventory of properties;List all the items present in a property building which is leased or rented, in order to have a contractual agreement between the owner and the tenant.
study aerial photos;Use aerial photos to study phenomena on Earths surface.
produce airport lighting system reports;Produce operational reports on inspection and intervention of airport lighting systems. Transmit reports to the airport operational department and ATC.
develop rubber compound formulas;Based on testing results, customer requirements and international standards, draw up formulas that enable the manufacturing processes to be initiated and performed by standard rubber machines.
follow-up after patients surgery;Follow-up after patients` surgery evaluating the needs for a faster recovery.
design buildings;Design buildings and housing projects in cooperation with communities, clients, and other professionals.
coat seams with hot pitch;Coat seams between planks with hot pitch to make them watertight by using a mop.
prepare premises;Make rooms ready before the start of the event by taking care of different aspects such as decoration, seating and drinks or buffets.
teach electronics and automation principles;Instruct students in the theory and practice of electronics and automation, with the aim of assisting them in pursuing a future career in this field, more specifically in the maintenance and repair of electrical, electronic, and automated systems.
supervise routine maintenance of airport lighting systems;Supervise routine maintenance tasks for airport lighting systems: replace components such as lamps and lenses, clean filters, cut the grass, remove snow, etc.
ensure compliance with railway regulation;Ensure compliance with all railway rules, procedures, and legal regulations relating to safety, operations, and EU frameworks.
operate wave soldering machine;Operate the wave soldering machine to solder electronic components onto the printed circuit board. Here, the board is moved over a wave of liquid solder and the connections inserted through the board are bonded firmly to the circuit board.
add slabs to ceramic work;Adjust the ceramic work and follow a sophisticated process of creation by adding slabs to the work. Slabs are rolled plates of ceramic. They are made by rolling out the clay using a rolling pin or other tools.
roasted cacao beans;Characteristics of roasted cacao beans and roasting processes and methods.
calculate quotations for security devices services;Calculate and present quotations for the installation or maintenance services to be provided to clients, according to their door devices, costs and schedules.
prepare floor for underlayment;Make sure the floor is free of dust, protrusions, moisture and mould. Remove any traces of previous floor coverings.
operate private branch exchange;Handle Private Branch Exchange (PBX), a telecommunication system within an organisation that switches calls between users on local lines. At the same time the system allows all users to share external phone lines.
operate industrial equipment;Operate devices, machinery, and equipment used in industrial production. Industrial equipment usually includes mounting, adjusting, clamping, rotating, and indexing elements, as well as mechanical, hydraulic, pneumatic, and electromechanical drives that actuate these elements.
types of engraving stone;Different types of stone suitable for engraving. The appearance, cost and usual applications of each type, and their properties relevant to the engraving process.
manage the health and welfare of livestock;Assess the current health status of your livestock. Manage any existing disease or disorder, including the requirements for isolation of livestock. Plan and manage a livestock health and welfare plan including clearly defined targets, consulting with specialists/advisers where appropriate. Work closely with the veterinary surgeon and other specialist consultants/advisers.
radiobiology;The way ionising radiation interacts with a living organism, how it can be used to treat various cancers and its effects.
forecast occupancy demand;Predict the number of hotel rooms that will be booked, schedule occupancies and estimate demand forecast.
assess sound quality;Assess the recorded sound and music. Make sure it conforms to specifications.
apply assembling techniques for cemented footwear construction;Be able to pull the uppers over the last and fix the lasting allowance on insole, manually or by special machines for forepart lasting, waist lasting, and seat lasting. Apart from the main group of lasting operations, the responsibilities of those assembling footwear cemented types may include the following: bottom cementing and sole cementing, heat setting, sole attaching and pressing, chilling, brushing and polishing, last slipping (before or after finishing operations) and heel attaching etc.
repair rotating equipment;Repair rotating equipment and replace defective components, parts and systems when necessary, using hand and power tools.
use a warehouse management system;Use software in order to store materials within a warehouse and perform operations such as shipping, receiving and picking.
collect tax;Collect the amounts due to be paid to the government by organisations and individuals, following the regulations and correct calculation, ensuring no one pays more or less than they are obligated to.
provide food labelling expertise;Provide food labelling expertise in the collaboration with government, company divisions, and other stakeholders on compliance related questions regarding products and labels.
identify education needs;Identify the needs of students, organisations and companies in terms of provision of education in order to aid in the development of curricula and education policies.
operate battery test equipment;Operate equipment used for battery testing, such as a soldering iron, a battery tester, or a multimeter. Detect flaws affecting the batterys performance, test the batterys capacity for accumulating charge, or test its voltage output.
visual aid systems in airports;Know the correct use of visual aid systems in airports, the aim of which is to facilitate the safe operation of aircraft.
understand written Belarusian;Read and comprehend written texts in Belarusian.
use typesetting software;Use specialised computer programs to arrange the type of texts and images to be printed.
use IT systems for commercial purposes;Convey and communicate data and make commercial decisions by using internal and external IT-systems where appropriate.
herbicides sprayers;Types of equipment used to spray herbicides on a surface, used both manually and mechanically.
microeconomics;The economic field that studies the behaviour and interactions between specific actors of the economy, namely consumers and firms. It is the field that analyses the decision-making process of individuals and the factors that influence purchasing decisions.
prepare etching chemicals;Prepare etching chemicals according to formulas, mixing solutions of specified concentration.
humanitarian aid actors;Stakeholders and organisations involved in deploying humanitarian aid in emergency cases such as natural disasters, war or any other environmental calamity. Such actors can represent local, national, sectorial or international organisations dealing with relief work in third world countries.
adjust paper cutter;Turn hand screws on the paper cutter to tighten the paper guide, which holds sheets, stamps, and labels in position.
write reports on emergency cases;Record the patient`s condition or injury from the start of the takeover in the ambulance, the treatment provided, and reactions to drugs and treatment.
implement relevant technical skills to perform at the highest level in sport;Identify the technical demands and work with coaching/supporting team (e.g. coaches, physiotherapist, nutritionist, psychologist) to implement an adapted programme to achieve the targeted highest level performance.
textile technologies;Textile technologies to design, manufacture and evaluate the properties of textiles.
use hand tools;Utilize tools that are powered by hand, such as screwdrivers, hammers, pliers, drills and knives to manipulate materials and help create and assemble various products.
finish barrels;Pour water into the barrel to let it cool, replace working hoops with permanent iron hoops using manual techniques and machines, drill a hole on the side and plug it. Fix fittings such as taps and valves if required.
consider ergonomic aspects of urban transportation;Consider ergonomic aspects of urban transportation systems, affecting both passengers and drivers. Analyse criteria such as access to entrances, exits, and stairs of transport units, ease of displacement within the unit, access to seats, seat space for the user, form and material composition of the seats and the backrests, and the distribution of seats.
environmental impact of tourism;The study of the environmental impact of travel and tourist activities on tour destinations.
morality;The principles and beliefs derived from a code of conduct, accepted by a large group of people, that make the distinction between what is right and wrong behaviour.
give theory lessons to pilots;Instruct futures pilots on flight-related theoretical subjects such as the aircraft structure, the principles of flight, the flight controls and instruments, weather theory, and air law.
operate automated optical inspection machine;Inspect the quality of assembled printed circuit boards (PCB) or surface-mount devices (SMD) through operating the automated optical inspection machine. During each test, dozens of images are captured with a special camera and compared to previous assembled boards.
collect healthcare users general data;Collect qualitative and quantitative data related to the healthcare users anagraphic data and provide support on filling out the present and past history questionnaire and record the measures/tests performed by the practitioner.
finish project within budget;Make sure to stay within budget. Adapt work and materials to budget.
record healthcare users billing information;Record the healthcare user`s information for the billing of provided medical services.
plan manufacturing processes;Determine and schedule production and assembly steps. Plan manpower and equipment needs taking ergonomic considerations into account.
organise auditions;Organise try-outs for actors. Determine when and where the auditions will take place. Send out job ads to talent agencies, newspapers, magazines, and other information sources.
use automatic programming;Utilise specialised software tools to generate computer code from specifications, such as diagrams, structured informations or other means of describing functionality.
develop shipping itineraries;Develop a total journey scenario using equipment and specialised software. Plot multiple port voyages while optimising utilisation of cargo space and ship capacity throughout the entire voyage.
industrial paint;The various kinds of paint used as coating in manufacturing finishing processes, such as primers, intermediate coats, finish coats, stripe coats, and others.
wall and floor coverings industry;Brands, suppliers and different materials available on the market in the wall and floor coverings industry.
show intercultural awareness;Show sensibility towards cultural differences by taking actions which facilitate positive interaction between international organisations, between groups or individuals of different cultures, and to promote integration in a community.
ensure core uniformity;"Oversee uniformity of cores; use casting machinery and equipment and tools such as a hand press."
prepare surface for painting;Make sure the surface to be painted is free of scratches and dents. Assess the porosity of the wall and the need for coating. Remove any grease, dirt, moisture and traces of previous coverings.
manage drilling contracts;Establish and manage drilling contracts between well operators and drilling contractors, which specify the nature, duration, fees and other characteristics of the cooperation between the organisations.
guide drill pipes;Guide drill pipe in and out of elevators.
cost management;The process of planning, monitoring and adjusting the expenses and revenues of a business in order to achieve cost efficiency and capability.
perform comprehensive eye examinations;Undertake comprehensive eye examinations to determine prescription needs or diagnose disease or abnormalities. Some of the methods for this are cover tests, color blindness tests, and pupil dilation.
provide private transport services;Perform private transport services ensuring compliance with all applicable requirements. Ensure that consideration is given to the performance of this work with the aim of providing the best possible service to clients.
vocal techniques;The various techniques for using your voice correctly without exhausting or damaging it when changing voice in tone and volume.
detect malfunctions in engines;"Detect and effectively respond to machinery malfunctions. Take actions in order to prevent material damage; practice damage control."
geodesy;The scientific discipline that combines applied mathematics and earth sciences in order to measure and represent the Earth. It studies phenomena such as gravitational fields, polar motion, and tides.
develop virtual game engine;Create a virtual software framework that abstracts the details of doing common game-related tasks.
work with supporting team in community arts programme;Encourage mutual exchange of knowledge and maintain motivation of workers supporting your community arts programme, whether they are paid staff or volunteers. Recognise support given and evaluate its effectiveness throughout the program.
install organs;Assemble, install and tune the organ according to the accoustical characteristics of its final location.
types of wave energy converters;Different types of devices to exploit wave power, such as point absorber buoys, surface attenuators, oscillating wave surge converters, overtopping devices, or submerged pressure differential converters.
monitor building security;Check on a regular basis that the buildings doors, windows, and locks are properly and securely closed and that no hazards are likely to happen.
manage operations in healthcare institutions;Plan, organise and monitor the workflow in institutions providing of medial care to individuals such as hospitals, rehabilitation facilities or elderly care institutions.
match lyrics to mood of melody;Match the lyrics to the melody and the emotions that are conveyed.
prepare kiln schedules;Prepare kiln schedules, which consist of predetermining a set of temperatures and humidity conditions for different periods or stages of drying.
perform diagnostic testing for allergies;Perform diagnostic testing for allergies to drugs, vaccines, or other substances used in medicinal treatment.
upholster transport equipments interior pieces;Upholster seats and other transport equipment interior pieces by using hand and power tools.
identify mental health issues;Recognise and critically evaluate any possible mental health/illness issues.
predictive maintenance;The use of data analytics and mathematical calculation to manage and monitor the conditions of machines and production processes.
monitor bushings;Monitor the machines to detect any defects or malfunctioning such as defective binder applicators or clogged bushings.
participate actively in civic life;Actively engage in activities for the common or public interest such as civic, community or neighbourhood initiatives, volunteering opportunities and non-governmental organisations.
cosmetics;The various types of substances used to enhance the appearance of the human body.
immigration law;The regulations to follow to ensure compliance during investigations or advice in immigration cases and file handling.
interact verbally in Belarusian;Communicate orally in Belarusian.
types of toilets;Different types of toilets and toilet cisterns, their aesthetic and functional aspect, their specific needs in installation and maintenance, and their price points.
install handrail;Install handrails on stairs or balustrades. Firmly anchor the handrail onto newel posts or directly to the floor.
analyse library users queries;"Analyse library users requests to determine extra information; assist in furnishing and locating that information."
assess food samples;Assess samples from a range of sources to draw analyses. For example, microorganisms detection, chemical analysis, and parasitological analysis.
organise technical operating information for vehicles;Gather and process technical information documents such as vendor manuals.
assemble health and safety resources;Make sure the first aid kit is available and fully equipped. Identify available resources and services. Inform the artistic team of available resources and services, etc.
types of paper;The different criteria used to determine differences in paper types such as coarseness and thickness, and the different fabrication methods and wood types from which the types of paper stem.
provide legal information on medical devices;Provide the healthcare staff with information about the clinical tests undertaken on a specific medical device, the legal documentation concerning its marketability and sales activity and provide any documentation in support of this.
product range of railway companies;Know the product range of railway companies and use that knowledge in order to provide assistance to customers with problems or queries.
think critically;Make and defend judgements based on internal evidence and external criteria. Critically evaluate the credibility and reliability of information before using or passing it on to others. Develop independent and critical thinking.
maintain relationships with animal welfare establishments;Ensure good relations with other animal welfare establishments and agencies.
operate bead setter;Operate bead setter by activating them in order to press into plies the prefabricated beads.
document evidence;Document all evidence found on a crime scene, during an investigation, or when presented in a hearing, in a manner compliant with regulations, to ensure that no piece of evidence is left out of the case and that records are maintained.
operate on-board computer systems;"Operate on-board computer systems in heavy trucks and vehicles; communicate with yard management computer system."
check functionality of essential components of airport vehicles;Check the functionality of essential components of airport vehicles and equipment such as brakes, controls, tires, and lights before releasing them for operations.
keep time accurately;Measure the passage of time, often with the assistance of a clock or stopwatch.
design the digital interface of gambling, betting and lottery games;Create the digital outlook of gambling, betting and lottery games to make them appealing to the audience.
monitor amusement park safety;"Follow up activities to ensure permanent safety and decent behaviour of park visitors; remove unruly visitors if needed."
use shorthand;Apply shorthand as a method to capture spoken words into written form. Use shorthands in written texts to reflect acronyms and relevant information required to be expressed in such fashion.
keep up-to-date to computer trends;Stay aware of the current developments and trends in computer hardware, software and peripherals.
select costumes;Find the right costume for a certain role and actor.
use threading techniques;Remove hair by rolling a thin doubled cotton or polyester thread over areas of unwanted hair and plucking the hair at the follicle level.
counsel patients on improving speech;Counsel and instruct clients in techniques to mitigate speech impairment such as sign language or lip-reading.
raise awareness on local communitys priorities;Intervene and implement programs or activities that raise awareness of issues relevant for the respective local community, such as social or economic inequality, gender issues, violence, and drug abuse.
support the autonomy of young people;Support young peoples choices, showing respect and reinforcing their autonomy, self-esteem and independence.
handle horses during dental procedures;Handle, position and immobilise horses safely for dental procedures.
handle challenging situations in fishery operations;Cope with and face harsh circumstance at sea by keeping pre-set goals and deadlines in mind. Tackle frustations such as the loss of revenue and catch.
herbicides;Types of chemical characteristics of herbicides and their adverse human and environmental effects.
execute ICT audits;Organise and execute audits in order to evaluate ICT systems, compliance of components of systems, information processing systems and information security. Identify and collect potential critical issues and recommend solutions based on required standards and solutions.
collaborate with music librarians;Communicate and work together with music librarians to ensure permanent availability of scores.
centrifugal force;Apparent force that draws a rotating body away from the centre of rotation. Application to machines that use centrifugal forces.
manage account department;Oversee the operations of account representatives who act as intermediaries between the client and their creative and media services departments. Make sure the clients needs and objectives are met.
understand written Polish;Read and comprehend written texts in Polish.
alter wearing apparel;Alter wearing apparel repairing or adjusting it to the clients/manufacturing specifications. Perform altering by hand or using equipment.
perform dunning activities;Send letters or make phone calls to methodically remind individuals about actions they are requested to take by a set deadline. Use a firmer tone as the due date approaches or passes. If there is an automated dunning process, make sure it runs properly.
advise supervisors;Advise supervisor of problems, changes, or suggestions for more effective regulation practice or development activity.
maintain mould parts;Carry out minor repair tasks and maintenance of moulds and mould parts.
store stage weapons;Safely and systematically store weapon props.
remove concrete forms;Remove concrete forms after the concrete has cured fully. Recuperate materials if possible, cleaning it and taking the right steps to store it for later reuse.
notify supervisor;Report problems or incidents to the supervisor in order to find solutions to problems.
register death;Check if the description why the person died is in order. Question someone who was close to the person who died such as a family member in order to enter the obtained information on the death certificate.
use hand tools for forestry work;Identify and use the tools required for the specific green wood trades and coppicing task. Work in a safe and effective manner.
deliver outstanding service;"Provide outstanding customer service by exceeding customer expectations; establish reputation as an exceptional service provider."
encourage social service users to preserve their independence in their daily activities;Encourage and support the service user to preserve independence in performing his/her daily activities and personal care, assisting the service user with eating, mobility, personal care, making beds, doing laundry, preparing meals, dressing, transporting the client to doctor`s appointments, and helping with medications or running errands.
diagnose musculoskeletal conditions;Identify the patient`s orthopaedic injuries such as fractures, dislocations, torn ligaments, sprains, and strains, tendon injuries, pulled muscles, ruptured disks, sciatica, low back pain, and scoliosis, arthritis and osteoporosis, bone tumours, muscular dystrophy and cerebral palsy, club foot and unequal leg length, abnormalities of the fingers and toes and growth abnormalities.
control reorder points;Determine the level of inventory which triggers an action to replenish stock of each material. This level is called the reorder point or ROP.
sell art;Secure and sell pieces of art in different markets. Negotiate prices, liaise with art dealers, and prevent from acquiring counterfeit art pieces.
work with blacksmithing hand tools;Work with hammers, chisels, anvils, tongs, vises, forges, and others to create hand-made metal products by performing blacksmithing operations.
manage production of footwear or leather goods;Plan the production of footwear or leather goods according to the company’s objectives, deadlines and available resources. Distribute, coordinate and control all activities and the various production phases using information from technical sheets and organisation and methods. Strive to optimise quality, productivity and safety. Collaborate with all linked departments. Report on production, quality, productivity deviations and propose corrective measures.
produce drum components;Choose the appropriate materials and tools, and build the different drum parts such as the shell, the top and bottom hoops, the top and bottom heads, and tension rods.
design database in the cloud;Apply design principles for an adaptive, elastic, automated, loosely coupled databases making use of cloud infrastructure. Aim to remove any single point of failure through distributed database design.
define risk policies;Define the extent and kinds of risks an organisation is willing to take in pursuing its objectives based on the organisation’s ability to absorb losses and the rate of return it seeks from its operations. Implement concrete risk tactics to achieve that vision.
monitor biomedical equipment stock;Keep track of the day-to-day biomedical equipment usage. Maintain stock levels and records, such as blood transfusion stock levels.
assess quality of services;Test and compare various goods and services in order to assess their quality and to give detailed information to consumers.
organise transportation of tour groups;Arrange the rent of cars or buses for groups and schedule timely departures and returns.
operate nibbling equipment;Operate metalworking equipment designed for the nibbling processes of punching overlapping notches into metal workpieces, such as powered tin snips, an electric nibbling drill, and others.
operate rollers;Operate the rollers to bond the plies and tread. Set-up the ply stitcher rollers, ensuring they are according to the specified width of stock.
agricultural chemicals;The production and characteristics of agricultural chemicals such as fertilizers, herbicides, pesticides or insecticides.
stock shelves;Refill shelves with merchandise to be sold.
test dental appliances for compliance;Examine dental appliances to make sure that they comply with specifications, using articulators and micrometres to test for accuracy of occlusion.
control games;Be fully aware of table action, taking control of games to ensure smooth running and appropriate speed, prioritising attention according to the experience of the dealer and the level of the action.
operate perforating machine;Tend machine that perforates sheets of papers with lines of fine holes, facilitating tearing sheets. Install perforating disks in the machine and set guides to adapt the size of the sheet by using hand tools. Feed the machine and remove perforated sheets as they accumulate on the machine table.
handle mergers and acquisitions;Handle the negotiation of financial deals and the legal implications involved in the purchase of a company by another or in the merging to separate companies.
manage personnel agenda;Schedule and confirm appointments for the personnel of the office, mostly managers and directive employees, with external parties.
diagnose psychiatric symptoms;Recognise and diagnose the common medical, neurologic and primary psychiatric symptoms such as delirium, dementia, violent episodes, self-injurious behavior, etc.
understand written Bihari;Read and comprehend written texts in Bihari.
carry out storage risk management;Analyse, prevent and mitigate risks and hazards that may occur while storing items.
perform public relations;Perform public relations (PR) by managing the spread of information between an individual or an organisation and the public.
animate 3D organic forms;Vitalise digital 3D models of organic items, such as emotions or face movements of characters and place them in a digital 3D environment.
understand written English;Read and comprehend written texts in English.
statistics;The study of statistical theory, methods and practices such as collection, organisation, analysis, interpretation and presentation of data. It deals with all aspects of data including the planning of data collection in terms of the design of surveys and experiments in order to forecast and plan work-related activities.
Swedish;The Swedish language. Swedish is an official and working language of the EU.
develop curriculum;Develop and plan the learning goals and outcomes for education institutions, as well as the required teaching methods and potential education resources.
negotiate price;Arrange an agreement on price of products or services provided or offered.
install insulation material;Place insulation material, often shaped into rolls, in order to insulate a structure from thermical or acoustic influences and to prevent fire. Attach the material using face staples, inset staples, or rely on friction to keep the material in place.
advise food industry;Give councelling to food service managers and organisations, on matters related to nutrition such as menu development, food composition, budgeting, planning, sanitation, safety procedures, and process for a better nutritional profile of food. Assist with the establishment, proper functioning, and assessment of food service facilities and nutrition programs.
pipeline coating properties;Know pipeline coating properties such as external anti-corrosion, internal coating, concrete weight coating, thermal insulation, and others.
understand written Montenegrin;Read and comprehend written texts in Montenegrin.
neuropharmacology;The central nervous system neurotransmitters and drugs which modulate them and the mode of action of drugs affecting the central and peripheral nervous systems.
attend to ICT systems quality;Ensure correct operations which comply fully with specific needs and outcomes in terms of the development, integration, security and overall management of ICT systems.
receive actors resumes;Receive headshots and resumes from actors to select the most qualified and schedule auditions.
types of metal;Qualities, specifications, applications and reactions to different fabricating processes of various types of metal, such as steel, aluminium, brass, copper and others.
wind sliver strands;Hold the sliver strands coming from the floor above through a floor opening to facilitate the process of winding strands onto tubes.
urban planning;Political and technical process that seeks to design the urban environment and optimize land use by considering various aspects such as infrastructure, water, and green and social spaces.
write production reports;Make up and complete shift schedules and production reports in a timely manner.
call routing;The technique of placing calls from one point to another in the fastest possible way to avoid tolls and congestion.
conduct guest soloists;Guide guest solo musicians in addition to ensemble members.
assessment of risks and threats;The security documentation and any security-related communications and information.
move treated wood;Unload, prepare and move freshly treated wood to an appropriate post-treatment drying area.
crane load charts;Understand crane load charts which detail the features of the crane and how its lift capacity varies depending on distance and angle.
counsel on nutrition and its impact on oral health;Counsel patients about good nutrition and its impact on oral health.
identify archaeological finds;Examine archaeological evidence found at dig sites in order to identify and classify it.
engage others in environment friendly behaviours;Inform about and promote environmental friendly behaviours in social networks and at work.
keep up to date on local events;Follow the information about upcoming events, services or activities by checking information sheets and online communication.
monitor crew members operating engines;Monitor the staff that operate the engines during operations. Communicate with them in order to obtain information relevant to the general steering of the ship.
sedimentology;The study of sediments, namely sand, clay, and silt, and the natural processes undergone in their formation.
bind wire;Bind cables or wire together using cable ties, conduit, cable lacing, sleeves, spot ties, cable clamps, or straps.
soak film in water;Swell the gelatine layer on photographic film by soaking it in water.
conduct aviation auditing;Conduct inspections and carry out auditing functions in order to assess the airworthiness of aviation-related activities and performance of engineers and technicians.
sports competition information;The information regarding latest results, competitions and events in the sporting industry.
keep updated on innovations in various business fields;Be informed and acquainted with innovations and trends in different industrial and business fields for application in business development.
manage financial risk;Predict and manage financial risks, and identify procedures to avoid or minimise their impact.
record customers personal data;"Gather and record customers personal data into the system; obtain all signatures and documents required for rental."
measure the human body for wearing apparel;Measure the human body using conventional methods or scanning technologies.
plan presence at professional events;Use your personal network to inform your contacts of your current and upcoming professional events, such as premieres, performances, workshops, open rehearsals, fairs, and contests. Create a calendar to plan your attendence at professional events and check financial feasibility.
use wire processing machinery;Be able to use wire processing machines, such as wire cutting machines, wire crimping machines, and wire stripping machines.
organise group music therapy sessions;Organise music therapy sessions in groups to encourage patients to explore sound and music, taking an active role in sessions by playing, singing, improvising and listening.
apply Steiner teaching strategies;Employ the (Waldorf) Steiner teaching approaches, which emphasise a balance of artistic, practical, and intellectual teaching and underline the development of social skills and spiritual values when educating students.
conduct customer identification;Check customers ID and drivers licences before renting items.
teach design and applied arts principles;Instruct students in the theory and practice of applied arts and (visual) design principles, with the aim of assisting them in pursuing a future career in this field, more specifically in courses such as graphic design, landscape design, interior design, animation, and photography.
supervise employees on operating fuel pumps;Supervise employees activities on operating the fuel pumps and ensure the safety of their operations.
identify purpose of analysis;Identify the customers needs and select the appropriate analysis methods that will fit a specific purpose, such as quality assurance, process development or improvement, production, and scientific research.
room aesthetics;Assessment of how different pieces of a visual design can ultimately fit together to create the intended interior and visual environment.
assist with funeral planning;Aid the families of patients with terminal illnesses with issues related to the organisation of the funeral.
graphic design;The techniques to create a visual representation of ideas and messages.
devise military tactics;Devise the strategic and tactical components of a military operation, taking into account the available equipment and assigning tasks to the different troops, and supervising the use of weapons and other battle equipment.
keep records of animal inseminations;Create and maintain records of animal inseminations including dates and other data.
resolve banking issues;Contribute to the discussions and debates, and propose solutions for problems related to banking law, bank supervision, international financial transactions, etc.
learning technologies;The technologies and channels, including digital, to enhance learning.
repair stuffed animals;Consult documentation and perform the necessary tasks such replacing parts, repair fur or change the colours, to return the item back to its original condition and maintain its authenticity.
provide legal legitimacy to the transfer of assets;Witness and assist on the transfer of assets, property, and goods which require the attestation of an authorised official.
handle patient trauma;Assess the competences, needs, and limitations of people affected by trauma, referring the patients to specialised trauma services where appropriate.
install lockable devices;Install security locking devices, such as automatic doors, lockers and keying systems, in compliance with specifications and building safety codes and regulations.
educate on sustainable tourism;Develop educational programmes and resources for individuals or guided groups, to provide information about sustainable tourism and the impact of human interaction on the environment, local culture and natural heritage. Educate travellers about making a positive impact and raise awareness of environmental issues.
assess site production potential;Assess the production potential of a site. Assess the trophic resources of a natural site and assess advantages and constraints of a site.
use communication techniques;Apply techniques of communication which allow interlocutors to better understand each other and communicate accurately in the transmission of messages.
tropical medicine;Tropical medicine is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
drying methods;Use different methods to dry handmade paper, such as air drying, stamping, wiping, vacuum, and iron drying.
provide information on wind turbines;Provide organisations and individuals searching for alternative energy methods on the cost, benefits, and negative aspects of the installation and use of wind turbines, both residential and common, and what one must take into account when considering the implementation of wind turbine technology.
assemble robots;Assemble robotic machines, devices, and components according to engineering drawings. Program and install the necessary components of robotic systems, such as robot controllers, conveyors, and end-of-arm tools.
insert bladders in sport balls;Squeeze bladders made out of rubber or plastic materials such as latex or polyuethane inside the skin of the ball.
create ceramic objects;Create functional, decorative or artistic ceramic objects by hand or by using sophisticated industrial tools for part of the creative process, applying a variety of techniques and materials.
prevent health and safety problems;Identify safety and health issues and come up with solutions to prevent accidents.
manufacture fur products;Manufacture fur products by handling pelts. Cut raw materials, apply chemicals as necessary, follow procedures to maintain the quality of the product, and apply finishing touches to products.
horse anatomy;The study of the anatomical structure and parts of a horse and how they interact.
contribute to the formulation of correctional procedures;Contribute to the formulation of regulations and procedures concerning the operations of correctional facilities.
sell academic books;Identify and sell informational and academic books to scholars, students, teachers and researchers.
prevent work accidents;Application of specific risk assessment measures to prevent risks and threats at work.
teach medical laboratory technology principles;Instruct students in the theory and practice of medical laboratory technology, with the aim of assisting them in pursuing a future career in this field, more specifically in the usage of laboratory equipment and technology to perform tests such as chromatography and other bodily fluid or tissue analysis.
understand spoken Bengali;Comprehend orally expressed Bengali.
prepare construction documents;Draft, update and archive documents concerning the planning and implementation of construction or renovation projects including information about security systems and accounting documentation.
analyse logistic needs;Analysing the logistic needs of all the different departments on the organisational level.
project management methodology (PM²);An open project management methodology developed and endorsed by the European Commission and used by the majority of the European Institutions as well as by public and private organizations and institutions in the EU Member States, which aims to enable project managers to deliver solutions and benefits to their organizations through the effective management of project work. PM² incorporates elements from a wide range of globally accepted project management best practices, described in standards and methodologies, as well as operational experience, primarily from the European Institutions.
agroforestry;The application of land management systems and technologies that integrate trees and other woody perennials with traditional cropland farming in order to sustain agricultural production while ensuring the protection of the natural environment.
inspect airside area facilities;"Ensure that serviceability inspections are carried to effective standards and with appropriate regularity; conduct inspections and compose reports."
fill kettle;Fill kettle with the specified amounts of ingredients.
manage creative department;Oversee the staff that create the content and visual representation of advertisement materials. Make sure that the advertising strategy is followed and customer requirements are met.
aerodynamics;The scientific field that deals with the way gases interact with moving bodies. As we usually deal with atmospheric air, aerodynamics is primarily concerned with the forces of drag and lift, which are caused by air passing over and around solid bodies.
plan rig moves;"Responsible for planning and organising rig moves; determine alternative routes to avoid obstacles and road bans."
mammalogy;The field of zoology that studies mammals.
place orders for flower products;Communicate with wholesale suppliers and place orders for flowers, plants, fertilisers and seeds.
manage online gambling;Set up, coordinate and manage online gambling activities. Monitor the action on the online gambling website and ensure customer service procedures run as planned. Coordinate the technical staff to maintain the gambling software and plan operations to secure profits.
report utility meter readings;Report the results from the interpretation of utility reading instruments to the corporations which supply the utilities, and to the customers from which the results were taken.
control steam flows;Admit steam through lines or fuel to furnace to heat drier.
select video shots;Select the most effective shot of a scene in terms of drama, story relevance or continuity.
harvest mulberry leaves;Cut and pick up the leaves of the mulberry tree where silk worms live and breed.
manage major incidents;Take immediate action to respond to major incidents that affect the safety and security of individuals in private or public places such as road accidents.
promote ones writings;Talk about ones work at events and conduct readings, speeches and book signings. Establish a network among fellow writers.
analyse data for aeronautical publications;Collect, edit, and analyse data received from civil aviation authorities and related services. Analyse the data to prepare amendments that are incorporated into aeronautical informational publications.
cyber security;The methods that protect ICT systems, networks, computers, devices, services, digital information and people against illegal or unauthorised use.
provide chiropractic diagnosis;Provide a working diagnosis/differential diagnosis and an inter-disciplinary or chiropractic treatment/management plan by performing an interview, working with patients to identify physical problems and difficulties resulting from illness, injury, disability or aging and by performing a specific physical, neurological and orthopedic examination.
perform quick hair changeovers;Quickly make changes to a performers hairstyle during a performance.
maintain records of phone calls;Keep track of the phone calls made. Record the callers personal data, the content of the call and other metadata in accordance with company policies and legal regulations.
work with shape and space;Manipulate, organise and interpret spatial information.
perform rail operations risk management;"Identify risk factors related to various areas of rail operations; develop valid strategies to mitigate these risks."
manage commercial risks;Analyse and evaluate commercial risks and develop suitable strategies to resolve these risks.
architectural design;The branch of architecture that strives for balance and harmony in the elements of a construction or architectural project.
write greeting card verses;Write verses and sentiments for greeting cards.
create animal records;Create animal records according to industry relevant information and using appropriate record keeping systems.
apply safe work practices in a veterinary setting;Apply safe work practices in a veterinary setting in order to identify hazards and associated risks so as to prevent accidents or incidents. This includes injury from animals, zoonotic diseases, chemicals, equipment and work environments.
sew curtains;Sew curtains considering size of fabrics and striving for neat seams. Combine good hand-eye coordination, manual dexterity, and physical and mental stamina.
identify defects on raw hides;Analyse, identify and evaluate the possible defects present on raw hides/skins. Defects may be of natural origin, caused by bad practices at the farm, in transport, at the abattoir or generated during the manufacturing process.
keep track of wooden elements;Order wooden elements to be used for a workpiece in a logical way. Clearly identify the elements and how they will be joined together, using symbols drawn onto the wood or another system.
coordinate catering;Contact catering companies and shop around different providers in order to find the most suitable caterer for the event. Arrange and agree contracts with caterers for the provision of the service.
synchronise sound with images;Synchronise recorded sound with footage.
coordinate the running of a performance;Coordinate all actions and activities during a performance in order to ensure a coherent and artistically sound result, faithful to the artistic project.
prepare garnish for drinks;Clean and cut fruit and vegetables to garnish a wide variety of alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks.
perform costume settings;Organise and manage costume settings.
communicate with target community;Identify and implement the best channels of communication for the community you are looking to work with.
assemble pattern parts;Assemble various sections of a pattern designed for casting processes, by use of several tools and equipment such as bolts, screws, rivets, glue, and others.
prepare health documentation;Prepare health documents for the despatch of fish, molluscs, crustaceans or others.
monitor almond blanching process;Monitoring almonds as they emerge from the blanching machine and making adjustments to the machine to make sure that skins are adequately removed.
prosthetic devices;The various artificial replacements of body parts or limbs, which were lost during a trauma, disease or an accident.
develop scientific theories;Formulate scientific theories based on empirical observations, gathered data and theories of other scientists.
coordinate pre-show checks;Coordinate the final checks before a performance in order to ensure a safe, optimal functioning environment that is fully ready to start the show.
manage flight data communications programme;Manage the exchanges of digital data between air traffic controllers and pilots to enable efficient aviation operations, such as trajectory-based routing and optimised profile descents. Support the safety-of-flight command, control, and information services by providing data connectivity. Provide ground automated message generation, transmission, and routing.
set up light board;Install, connect and try out light board in a live performance environment.
manage lost and found articles;Make sure that all articles or objects lost are identified and that the owners gets them back in their possession.
linguistics;The scientific study of language and its three aspects, language form, language meaning, and language in context.
legal compensation for victims of crime;The set of legal requirements under which a victim of crime can obtain compensation in the form of pursuing a claim against the offender or obtaining compensation from the state.
draw up artists measurements;Draw up the measurements and sizes of performing artists for clothing purposes.
understand spoken Korean;Comprehend orally expressed Korean.
negotiate employment agreements;Find agreements between employers and potential employees on salary, working conditions and non-statutory benefits.
financial capability;Financial operations such as calculations, cost estimations, budget management taking relevant commercial and statistical data into account such as data for materials, supplies and manpower.
fertiliser products;Chemical characteristics of fertilisers and their adverse human and environmental effects.
primitive technology;Technology created for or fashioned from natural elements that assists in wilderness survival, such as handicrafts, survival tools, and weapons.
identify performers needs;Identify performers needs, considering the strengths and weaknesses of each performer, and the specific needs for each role or part. Take into account performers health and safety.
keep updated on the political landscape;Read, search, and analyse the political situation of a region as a source of information applicable for different purposes such as information, decision-making, and management, and investments.
e-tailoring;The business model using softwares and technical applications in order to gather the information of clients for the manufacturing of bespoke products.
telehealth;Techniques and technologies which enable electronic communication with patients and professionals, remote monitoring, video consultations, equipment management. It entails the use of digital applications such as mobile data and wearable devices, smart devices, and Artificial Intelligence which enable patients to access and share their own health data, to measure their blood pressure, heart rate or glucose level or to consult their medical professional from remote.
apply navy operation procedures;Apply the procedures involved in naval operations on base or during missions on ships, ensuring that operations are compliant with naval regulations.
wash oils;Wash oils to reduce the soap left over in the oil after the first stage of refining. Heat the oil to the right temperature, then add a certain amount of wash water to be mixed into the oil by the dynamic mixer. Operate the flow meter for hot water and the electro-pneumatic metering valve.
content of airworthiness directives;Have extensive knowledge of all airworthiness directives which include service bulletins and similar documents relating to the aircraft and equipment.
avoid backlogs in receiving raw materials;Avoid backlogs in the procurement, receiving, production and bulk outloading to maintain a fluent receiving point of raw materials.
install in-floor and in-wall heating;Install heating circuits, often sold as mats, into floors and walls. Strip the existing floor or wall covering if necessary. Roll out the mats and test them for continuity. Attach the mats to the surface if necessary and connect them to a power supply. Cover the circuits with mortar, drywall or other appropriate materials.
contact customers;Contact customers by telephone in order to respond to inquiries or to notify them of claim investigation results or any planned adjustments.
develop artistic project budgets;Developing artistic project budgets for approval, estimating deadlines and material costs.
treat wood;Apply different chemicals to wood in order to increase its natural resistance and prevent deterioration.
use word processing software;Use computer software applications for composition, editing, formatting, and printing of any sort of written material.
research your target community;Match your skills with your research on the needs of the target community.
power plant instrumentation;The equipment and instruments used for the monitoring and controlling processes in power plants. This requires proper operation, calibration, and regular maintenance.
framework for a safety management system;The different types of content in a framework for a safety management system, which should include safety policy and objectives, safety risk management, safety assurance, and safety promotion.
person centred care;The person centered care approach involves treating patients as equal partners in the planning and developing of care, patients and their needs being at the core of all decisions.
joint ventures;The legal agreement between companies which get together to create a temporary legal entity where they can share knowledge, technology, and other assets aiming at developing new products or services appealing to the market. Also, to share the expenses and revenues of the venture.
install stretch ceiling;Fix a stretch ceiling to the installed profiles. Heat the room to temporarily increase the stretchability of the material. Take care to prevent wrinkles or uneven stresses.
research passenger needs;"Conduct research and investigations in order to identify and classify the needs and desires of passengers; enhance non-aviation related revenues from restaurant and retail offerings in the airport."
adjust cut sizes;Adjust cut sizes and depths of cutting tools. Adjust heights of worktables and machine-arms.
install automation components;Install the automation components according to the specifications of the circuit diagram.
join lenses;Join the individual glass lenses together with other lenses using cement.
plan learning curriculum;Organise content, form, methods and technologies for delivery of study experiences that occur during educational effort which leads to gaining learning outcomes.
tend paint mixer;Tend machines that mix lacquer stain and paint in order to obtain as end product paint of the required specifications.
send biological samples to laboratory;Forward collected biological samples to the concerned laboratory, following strict procedures related to the labeling and tracking of the information on the samples.
select lacquer ingredients;Select the correct types and amounts of lacquer ingredients such as thinners, pigmens or gims, placing them in the mill.
analyse test data;Interpret and analyse data collected during testing in order to formulate conclusions, new insights or solutions.
assess areas for power line installation;Assess areas in order to identify whether it would be suitable for the installation of underground or overhead power lines and cables, and to assess the energy needs of the area and how it could be better connected to the grid.
manage vehicle services financial resources;Control the costs concerning the salaries of employees, the equipment needed for repair and maintenance, insurance, stock, purchasing new components, etc.
environmental threats;The threats for the environment which are related to biological, chemical, nuclear, radiological, and physical hazards.
IBM InfoSphere Information Server;The software program IBM InfoSphere Information Server is a platform for integration of information from multiple applications, created and maintained by organisations, into one consistent and transparent data structure, developed by the software company IBM.
clinical perfusion;The health science related to the artificial pumping of blood and oxygen in a persons body, also known as extra-corporeal circulation.
provide stroke rehabilitation services;Provide services to patients who have suffered from stroke, helping them relearn skills that are lost when part of the brain is damaged.
assess social work students;Assess the appropriate evaluation of students undergoing social work practice.
performing arts fights legal regulations;The legal disclosures and insurances one need to work as fight director with performers, taking into account the use of weapons and risk assesment.
ensure compliance with shipment regulations;"Ensure compliance with shipment laws, regulations and policies; keep shipments secure and damage free; ensure the safety of staff members handling the cargo."
manipulate medical devices materials;Manipulate materials used in the manufacturing of medical devices such as metal alloys, stainless steel, composites or polymer glass.
biophysics;The characteristics of biophysics which span across various fields, using methods from physics in order to study biological elements.
nuclear energy;The generation of electrical energy through the use of nuclear reactors, by converting the energy released from nuclei of atoms in reactors which generate heat. This heat subsequently generates steam which can power a steam turbine to generate electricity.
through-hole technology;Through-hole technology or THT is a method of mounting electronic components onto the printed circuit board through inserting leads on the components into holes in the circuit board and soldering the components to the board. THT components attached in this way are usually larger than SMT components, such as capacitors or coils.
ensure health and safety of staff;Promote and maintain a culture of health, safety and security among the staff by maintaining policies and procedures for the protection of vulnerable participants and when necessary, dealing with suspicions of possible abuse.
prepare mixed beverages;Make a range of mixed alcoholic drinks, such as cocktails and long drinks and non-alcoholic drinks according to the recipes.
comprehend financial business terminology;Grasp the meaning of basic financial concepts and terms used in businesses and financial institutions or organisations.
disseminate messages to people;Receive, process, and pass messages to people coming from phone calls, faxes, postal, and emails.
manage development of promotional material;Perform, oversee or contact agencies for the content creation, designing and distribution of informational and advertising material.
weigh merchandise;Weigh products sold by weight in order to determine price.
enforce railway safety regulations;Promote and enforce safety procedures and EU regulations to ensure that railway safety is generally maintained and continuously improved, taking into consideration the development of European legislation.
types of storage facilities;Different types of devices and facilities used to hold information and their quality criterias.
update licenses;Update and display all necessary licenses as required by regulatory agencies.
conduct gambling games;Carry out all gaming operations in a casino for example, including table administration, opening and closing procedures.Perform these operations according to the required standard and in line with requisite regulations.
ATM systems;The different technologies, software, hardware and operations that are used or can be found in automated teller machines.
sociology applied to paramedical science;The fundamental role of sociology for paramedics in developing and maintaining effective relationships, psychological and social factors that influence an individual in health and illness.
create clay figures;Create mobile figures out of clay using different materials and processes.
analyse education system;Analyse various aspects of the school and education system, such as the relation between the cultural origin of the students and their educational opportunities, the apprenticeship programmes or the objectives of adult education, in order to make recommendations to education professionals and decision makers.
manoeuvre heavy trucks;Drive, manoeuvre and park tractors, trailers and lorries on roads, around tight corners, and in parking spaces.
plan oil wells;Develop engineering plans and supervise activities necessary to successfully drill a well.
maintain burial records;Maintain records on the allocation of graves and the information of the people that were buried.
diagnose fuel systems;Diagnose and repair fuel systems on agricultural equipment.
select metals for jewellery;Select and purchase precious metals and alloys to use in jewellery pieces
evaluate information services using metrics;Use bibliometrics, webometrics and web metrics to evaluate information services.
CAE software;The software to perform computer-aided engineering (CAE) analysis tasks such as Finite Element Analysis and Computional Fluid Dynamics.
advise on healthcare users informed consent;Ensure patients/clients are fully informed about the risks and benefits of proposed treatments so they can give informed consent, engaging patients/clients in the process of their care and treatment.
rope manipulation;Rope manipulation which relates to knotting and splicing.
simulate transport problems;Implement transport-related data in software and computer models to simulate transport issues such as traffic jams in order to find innovative solutions.
transport drilling rigs;Move and relocate drilling rigs from one site to another with a specialised transportation truck.
coordinate care of neglected animals;Coordinate the care of abandoned, abused, harmed, neglected or stray animals. It includes the organisation of safe accommodation and the provision of veterinary care, by cooperating with veterinarians.
test samples for pollutants;Measure concentrations of pollutants within samples. Calculate air pollution or gas flow in industrial processes. Identify potential safety or health risks such as radiation.
assist pool users;Offer guidance to pool users within the facility and help them with any requirements such as towel provision or restroom direction.
types of photovoltaic panels;Different types of photovoltaic cells and panels, with different efficiencies in different types of weather, costs, durability and lifespan ratings, and mounting possibilities.
tend plodder machines;Tend the plodder machine by setting it up and operating it in order to transform milled soap into soap bars.
pest biology;Biological characteristics of insect and rodent pest and their influence on choosing a pest management method.
interfere with enemy communications;Interfere with the systems of communication used by enemy forces in order to intercept messages and gather intelligence, and to disrupt their communication channels so that their operations are disturbed.
procure mechanical machinery;Procure adequate machinery. Research the market to find the best machinery, staying within budget limits, and negotiate the purchase. Maintain records.
laboratory techniques;Techniques applied in the different fields of natural science in order to obtain experimental data such as gravimetric analysis, gas chromatography, electronic or thermic methods.
position stair carriage;Set stair carriages to their final position. Fix them to the top terminal, usually with a headboard. Fix the carriage to the bottom terminal and block it from sliding over the floor with a brace. Fix the carriage to the wall if called for.
coordinate mouldmaking shifts;Manage coordination of all activities across each mouldmaking shift.
check for damaged items;Identify products that have been damaged and report the situation.
fossil-fuel power plant operations;The different steps in the production of electricity using fossil fuels and the function of all the components of the required equipment such as boilers, turbines and generators.
move soil;Use machinery to load and unload soil. Take care not to overload the machine. Dump the soil judiciously in the assigned place.
types of guitars;There are two main guitar categories, namely electric and acoustic. This last category contains a large number of subcategories such as classical, flat-topped, steel string or flamenco guitars. Electric guitars can have hollow, solid or semi-hollow bodies and the vibration of the steel strings is converted into signals that are then fed to an amplifier.
estimate restoration costs;Estimate the cost implications of restoring and replacing products or parts.
civil engineering;The engineering discipline that studies the design, construction and maintenance of naturally built works such as roads, buildings, and canals.
manufacturing of metal assembly products;The manufacture of rivets, washers and similar non-threaded products, screw machine products, screws, nuts and similar threaded products.
plastic resins;The process of heating hydrocarbons, forming and combining polymers to create plastic resins which are used to make different kinds of products.
artificial lighting systems;Types of artificial lighting and their power consumption. HF fluorescent lighting, LED lighting, natural daylight and programmed control systems allow an efficient use of energy.
organise aircraft maintenance;"Organise arrangements for aircraft maintenance and repair activities; communicate with engineering centres."
Norwegian;The Norwegian language.
draw up choreography;Document and preserve the choreography of a production, the choreographer’s intention and vision.
interact with clients in forestry;Advise clients on elements of good forestry practice and attend meetings of professional forestry bodies and organisations. Liaise and work on forestry projects with other professionals such as landscape architects, biologists, geologists, chartered surveyors, engineers and charitable bodies.
malting process;The malting process consists of soaking cereal grains, usually barley, and then halting further germination by kilning.
pharmacognosy;The physical, chemical, biochemical and biological properties of medicines which have natural sources as an origin.
revise legal documents;Read and interpret legal documents and proofs about happenings in relation with the legal case.
waste removal regulations;Know and understand the regulations and legal agreements governing the performance of waste removal activities.
check strength of materials;Measure and control the categorisation and different levels of strength of specific materials.
use technical equipment for sterilisation;Work with technical equipment and machinery such as steam sterilisers to clean and disinfect equipment and devices.
secure parquet boards;Perform screwing and plugging on parquet boards by countersinking a hole no deeper than half the thickness of the board, screwing it into the subfloor and filling the resulting hole with a matching plug.
run errands on behalf of customers;Take orders and follow requests on behalf of a client, such as go shopping or pick up dry cleaning.
provide information on mortuary services;Provide information support related to documentation such as death certificates, cremation forms and any other type of documents required by authorities or families of the deceased.
cover a variety of health conditions;Deal with a wide range of health conditions, intervening in acute, chronic, preventative, palliative and emergency care.
interpret aerial photos of timber;Interpret aerial photos to identify types of timber and habitat.
prepare film continuity reports;Write continuity notes and make photographs or sketches of each actor and camera position for each shot. Report all shot timings and camera movements, whether the scene is shot during the day or at night, any scene changes and their implications, all camera details including lenses and focal distances, and any inconsistencies.
maintain amusement park attractions;Maintain, control and repair rides and attractions, both mechanically and electronically.
lead cast and crew;Lead a film or theatre cast and crew. Brief them about the creative vision, what they need to do and where they need to be. Manage day-to-day production activities to ensure things run smoothly.
install pneumatic systems;Install systems and components that use pneumatics to create mechanical movements such as air brakes, pneumatic cylinders, air compressors and other systems.
use back-up and recovery tools;Use tools which allow users to copy and archive computer software, configurations and data and recover them in case of loss.
assist in the development of standard operating procedures in the food chain;Assist in the development of Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) in the food chain by working with line operators. Understand current operating procedures and identify best techniques. Help document new procedures and update existing ones.
identify construction materials from blueprints;Identify materials defined by the sketches and blueprints of the building to be constructed.
maintain waste collection records;Maintain records on waste collection routes, scheduling, and types and volume of waste collected.
shape sheet metal objects;Use the appropriate tools and measurements to bend, fold and curve sheet metal objects into the correct shape.
calibrate laboratory equipment;Calibrate laboratory equipment by comparing between measurements: one of known magnitude or correctness, made with a trusted device and a second measurement from another piece of laboratory equipment. Make the measurements in as similar a way as possible.
geophysics;The scientific field that deals with the physical processes and properties of, and spatial environment surrounding Earth. Geophysics also deals with the quantitative analysis of phenomena such as magnetic fields, the internal structure of Earth, and its hydrological cycle.
lean manufacturing;Lean manufacturing is a methodology that focuses on minimizing waste within manufacturing systems while simultaneously maximizing productivity.
conduct quantitative research;Execute a systematic empirical investigation of observable phenomena via statistical, mathematical or computational techniques.
provide training in sustainable tourism development and management;Deliver training and capacity building for staff working in the tourism industry to inform them about best practices in developing and managing tourist destinations and packages, while ensuring a minimum impact on the environment and local communities and strict preservation of protected areas and fauna and flora species.
design 2D pattern for footwear 3D visualisation;Prepare the 2D pattern, identify the positioning of elements and possibility of type and properties of footwear choice, for visualisation on the 3D avatar as well as the rendering technologies to obtain a realistic garment.
extraction process of starch from corn;Extraction process of starch from kernels of corn. Refining process whereby the extracted corn-starch is treated to create a solid sugar or to make another popular sweetening agent known as corn syrup.
service-oriented modelling;The principles and fundamentals of service-oriented modelling for business and software systems that allow the design and specification of service-oriented business systems within a variety of architectural styles, such as enterprise architecture and application architecture.
advise on social enterprise;Provide guidance and information in support to the creation or operational procedures of social enterprises.
innovate in ICT;Create and describe new original research and innovation ideas within the field of information and communication technologies, compare to the emerging technologies and trends and plan the development of new ideas.
satisfy customers;Communicate with customers and make them feel satisfied.
apply research ethics and scientific integrity principles in research activities;Apply fundamental ethical principles and legislation to scientific research, including issues of research integrity. Perform, review, or report research avoiding misconducts such as fabrication, falsification, and plagiarism.
inspect trees;Carry out tree inspections and surveys.
victimology;The relationships between victims and perpetrators, the frequency of victimization and the psychological effects it has on the victim.
marksmanship;The techniques and application of sharpshooting, taking into consideration environmental factors such as distance, movement and wind speed.
prescribe topical therapy;Prescribe topical therapy and medication, such as foams, lotions, ointments and creams, to patients with dermatological conditions.
manage aquatic resources stock production;Set up a farm stock production spreadsheet and feed budget (feeding, growth, biomass, mortality, FCR, harvesting). Monitor and maintain stock production.
hides, skins and leather products;The offered hides, skins and leather products, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
screen luggage in aerodromes;"Screen luggage items in aerodrome by using screening systems; conduct troubleshooting and identify fragile or oversized baggage."
remove computer virus or malware from a computer;Carry out actions to remove computer viruses or other types of malware from a computer.
perform stem cell transplantation;Carry out bone marrow stem cell transplants.
light auxiliary gas jets;Light gas jets in the kiln in order to heat the sheets of glass below breakage.
receive appropriate permissions for use of recorded audiovisual examples;Gain and receive appropriate permissions for use of recorded visual examples of your work. Obtain permissions to use images of people in your promotion.
utilise machine learning;Use techniques and algorithms that are able to extract mastery out of data, learn from it and make predictions, to be used for program optimisation, application adaptation, pattern recognition, filtering, search engines and computer vision.
Microsoft Visual C++;The computer program Visual C++ is a suite of software development tools for writing programs, such as compiler, debugger, code editor, code highlights, packaged in a unified user interface. It is developed by the software company Microsoft.
implement plans for the management of sports turf areas;Plan the management of sports turfs. Ensure your plans are consistent with the purpose and function of the turf. Determine what resources are needed, according to specifications and implement planned operations.
demonstrate intercultural competences in hospitality services;Understand, respect and build constructive and positive relations with intercultural clients, guests and collaborators in the field of hospitality.
perform cosmetic procedures;Execute cosmetic procedures to prevent or cure skin conditions and diseases, administering Botox injections and other injectable preparations and using laser therapy equipment.
self-service technologies in tourism;The application of self-service technologies in the tourism industry: performing online bookings, self-check-ins for hotels and airlines, allowing clients to perform and complete reservations by themselves using digital tools.
develop economic policies;Develop strategies for economic stability and growth in an organisation, nation, or internationally, and for the improvement of trade practices and financial procedures.
adapt text culturally;Adjust text so it is culturally and linguistically acceptable to the reader, while preserving the original message and nuance of the text.
signal box parts;Know and understand the structures located besides railway tracks known as signal boxes, interlocking towers, signal posts, and signal cabins, from which signals, points, and other equipment are controlled.
monitor drivers;Ensure that drivers meet the legal requirements to operate, arrive at work at required times, present no signs of alcohol or drug abuse, and follow the commissioned itineraries of the day. Monitor drivers to ensure quality work performance and efficiency. Ensure maintenance of record of time expended and distances covered.
paint ship decks;"Detect and remove rust using primers and sealants; paint vessel decks to fend off oxidation process."
decontaminate ambulance interior;Decontaminate the interior of the emergency vehicle following treatment of a patient with infectious disease.
juvenile detention;The legislation and procedures involving correctional activities in juvenile correctional facilities, and how to adapt correctional procedures to comply with juvenile detention procedures.
oversee development of software;Organise, plan and supervise the development of the applications and frameworks in order to create a software product, from the earliest planning stages to the final product test.
configure media integration systems;Define and configure the relation between incoming and outgoing signals for performing art and event applications. Using visual programming software, translating the used signal protocols, patching, merging or splitting data streams.
tend punch press;Tend a punch press, monitor and operate it, according to regulations.
adapt voice register to the audio material;Adjust the register of the voice depending on the audio materials to be recorded. Adapt the style according to whether the material it is for TV shows, educational purposes, or governmental use.
manage aviation planning;"Develop and execute contingency plans; evaluate changes in aviation planning."
teach secondary education class content;Instruct students in the theory and practice of the secondary school course of your specialisation, taking into account the age of the students and modern teaching methods.
educate public on road safety;Develop and execute educational and promotional plans to educate the public on road safety in order to raise awareness and tackle issues such as the proper attitude to adopt as a pedestrian, cyclist or driver and the ability to identify hazards.
arrange security of goods for auction;Arrange transportation, insurance, and safety and security regulations for goods to be sold at an auction.
perform electrical geophysical measurements;Perform geophysical measurements by inducing an electrical current in the earth. Measure the electric resistance and induced current of the earth to determine ground composition and structure.
schedule and dispatch drivers;"Schedule and dispatch drivers, working equipment and service vehicles to desired locations as requested by customers; use telephone or radio communication."
attend to detail;Accomplish a task with concern for all the areas involved, no matter how small.
follow the statutory obligations;Understand, abide by, and apply the statutory obligations of the company in the daily performance of the job.
operate train signalling equipment;"Operate train signals to indicate whether or not train drivers may proceed; manipulate light signals or barriers; control direction of trains by moving points."
mechanics of trolley buses;Understand the mechanics of trolley buses, so as to be able to report any malfunction to technicians and relevant parties. Know that trolley buses, having electric motors, are more effective than diesel engines in providing torque at start-up, an advantage for climbing steep hills. Unlike combustion engines, electric motors draw power from a central plant and can be overloaded for short periods without damaging them.
acquire licences for the use of weapons;Coordinate with technical staff on legal aspects such as licenses, authorisations and assurances related to weapons and munition.
energy efficiency;Field of information concerning the reduction of the use of energy. It encompasses calculating the consumption of energy, providing certificates and support measures, saving energy by reducing the demand, encouraging efficient use of fossil fuels, and promoting the use of renewable energy.
display warnings around dive site;Ensure that warning devices are displayed in the area around a dive site, so as to keep it clear of any equipment other than that associated with the diving operation.
operate wash plant;Operate a large piece of equipment used to wash materials extracted from the ground. Use the wash plant to separate desired materials such as aggregates or precious metals from waste material.
meteorology;The scientific field of study that examines the atmosphere, atmospheric phenomena, and atmospheric effects on our weather.
treat envelopes;Fold envelope blanks according to pattern and crease the fold by hand or with a spatula. Apply gum to the open edges of flaps with a brush or a stick and seal it before the gum dries. Fold down the open flaps and pack the finished envelopes in boxes.
blood type classification;The classification of blood types such as group A, B, AB, 0 and their characteristics.
IBM Informix;The computer program IBM Informix is a tool for creating, updating and managing databases, developed by the software company IBM.
keep machines oiled for steady functioning;Oil or grease the parts of the machines and equipment that need to be lubricated. Follow safety procedures to do so.
identify terrorism threats;Identify the possibility of terrorism activities posing threats and danger in a specific area by monitoring activities of potentially dangerous groups of people, assessing risks in different areas, and gathering intelligence.
mobility disability;Impairment of the ability to physically move naturally.
manage the neuropsychiatric sequelae of stroke;Localise brain lesions approximately, formulating a basic differential diagnosis as to stroke aetiology and estimating the severity of the deficit and the urgency of further assessment.
control flow of matter used in oil processing;Adjust rate of flow of hydrogen, steam, air and water into converter. Weigh and add specified amounts of catalytic agents and other chemicals to harden batch of oils or fats.
propagate plants;Carry out propagation activities by appling appropriate propagation methods such as grafted cutting propagation or generative propagation considering the plant type. Carry out propagation control considering the required terms and conditions for specific plant type.
clean sewerage systems;Clear out and clean items that block the flow of sewerage in the sewerage system by hand or with a machine.
dangers of marshalling activity;Understand the dangers and difficulties that accompany marshalling activity, including noise, dust, ingestions or vehicle collisions.
apply techniques of occupational therapy;Apply occupational therapy techniques, such as retraining, and splinting in the rehabilitation and recovery of patients, and advising patients on their daily activities.
marketing department processes;The different processes, duties, jargon, role in an organisation, and other specificities of the marketing department within an organisation such as market research, marketing strategies, and advertising processes.
execute after sales activities;Provide after sales services and advice, e.g. provision of advice on after sale maintenance, provision of after sale maintenance, etc.
process livestock organs;Process livestock organs and other byproducts for meat manufacturing processes. Remove organs from carcasses and perform activities such as cutting or dividing parts, washing organs, execute specific treatments, packaging, and labelling.
determine location of the split;Examine the stone to determine the direction of the grain and the position of the cutting blade or of the holes that will receive the plugs and feathers.
develop opportunities for progression in sport;Develop and implement plans and frameworks to increase participation and the progression of athletes.
optomechanical engineering;Subset of mechanical engineering specialised in optical systems and products, such as binoculars, microscopes, telescopes, and spectrometers, as well as optomechanical components, such as optical mounts and optical mirrors.
assist passengers;Provide help to people getting in and out of their car or any other transportation vehicle, by opening doors, provide physical support or hold belongings.
management department processes;The different processes, duties, jargon, role in an organisation, and other specificities of the management and strategy department within an organisation such as strategic processes and general management of the organisation.
provide comprehensive care for patients with surgical conditions;Provide comprehensive care of critically ill patients with underlying surgical conditions.
liaise with industry experts;Consult and cooperate with industry experts who handle matter that is relevant to you and your business.
tend planing machine;Tend and monitor the planing machine used to shape and smooth the stone blocks and slabs according to specifications.
vessel stability principles;"Thoroughly understand the principles of vessel stability; follow safety requirements during loading and unloading of cargo."
vocational rehabilitation;The rehabilitation process of persons with functional, psychological, developmental, cognitive and emotional impairments or health disabilities to overcome barriers to accessing, maintaining or returning to employment or other useful occupation.
perform maintenance on locomotives;"Perform general maintenance of locomotive parts such as wheels, springs and brake rigging traction motors; test and repair safety appliances, air compressors, safety valves, fuel systems, shutters and radiators; install, assemble, disassemble, repair or replace locomotive diesel engine components."
mix sound in a live situation;Mix audio signals from multiple sound sources during rehearsals or in a live situation.
supervise maintenance of sport facilities;Ensure sport equipment and facilities are properly checked and maintained. It also covers supervising major and minor repairs and improvements to equipment and facilities.
read hallmarks;Read and understand stamps on metal object to indicate the purity, date of production, and producer of the item.
engage in fencing;Wield one or more types of small swords in combat. Practice fencing as a sport rules, or fence in different contexts such as duels or performances.
instruct on allergic reactions to anaesthetics;Instruct medical colleagues, nurses, and students on the signs, symptoms, and diagnosis of allergic reactions to anaesthetics, providing instructions on how to treat life threatening emergencies.
battery chemistry;The different battery types according to the representative chemical components used in the anode or the cathode such as zinc-carbon, nickel-metal hydride, lead-acid, or lithium-ion.
seed the ground;Application of plant seed by ground equipment or manually.
prevent smuggling;Stop people from moving illegally objects such as dutiable, excisable or prohibited goods into or out of a country.
carry out biopsy;Perform a microscopic examination of surgical tissues and specimens, obtained during surgery, such as a breast lump biopsy obtained during mastectomy as well as those submitted by non-surgeons.
understand written Hindi;Read and comprehend written texts in Hindi.
monitor performers;Identify professional, technical and performance skills and talents in each performer. Identify personality traits and unique qualities.
upsetting machine parts;Parts of a machine used for upsetting processes in forging metals, such as a heading tool, split dies with multiple cavities and a cut off blade.
comply with regulations related to export in different countries;Check that the labels of products and the packaging are compliant with different regulations in the countries where they are exported.
create database diagrams;Develop the database design models and diagrams which establish the structure of a database by using modelling software tools to be implemented in further processes.
set scanner controls;Use a mouse, keyboard or other controls to set up the scanner precisely.
provide information to passengers;"Provide passengers with correct information in a polite and efficient manner; use proper etiquette to assist physically challenged travellers."
prepare aquatic animals for harvesting;Grade fish, molluscs, crustaceans manually and using equipment in preparation for harvesting.
SketchBook Pro;The computer program SketchBook Pro is a graphical ICT tool which enables digital editing and composition of graphics to generate both 2D raster or 2D vector graphics. It is developed by the software company Autodesk.
manage spat collection equipment;Assemble spat collection equipment to be deployed at sea. Deploy the spat collection equipment to maximise the yield and maintain it in working order.
store spent acids;Store spent acids, transferring them from batch nitrator to separator using the petcock.
operate screen printing equipment for textiles;Operate equipment for textile screen printing considering specifications, the type of textile material, and the quantity for production. Foresee the necessary actions for screen and printing in textile.
provide operational efficiency training to employees;"Provide resources and prepare employee training activities and workshops; increase efficiency of warehouse operations."
compare shipment contents with waybill;"Compare contents of shipments (loaded or unloaded) with listing on waybill or other shipping records; ensure that every shipment is routed to the correct destination."
conduct physical examination in emergency;Conduct a thorough and detailed physical examination of the patient in emergency situations, using assessment skills such as observation, palpation, and auscultation and formulating diagnoses across all age ranges, followed by the calling for specialist when available.
register mail;Register customers letters and parcels. Weigh them to make sure they have the correct postage.
develop an organisational structure;Create and develop the organisational structure of a group of people working together to realise the goals of the organisation.
use telescopic handlers;Operate crane-like machinery to move loads to and from places unreachable by conventional forklifts.
transfer soap;Place the soap from the crutcher machine to the chilling rollers chamber.
produce textile designs;Draw sketches for textile design, by hand or on computer, using specialist Computer Aided Design (CAD) software.
design well flow systems;"Design/develop systems that help the well to flow; operate submersible pumps."
provide agri-touristic services;"Provide services for agri-tourism activities on the farm. This may include providing B &amp; B services, small scale catering, supporting agri-tourism activities and leisure such as riding, locally guide tours, giving information on farm production and history, selling of small-scale local farm products."
maintain medical laboratory equipment;Regularly check the condition of medical laboratory equipment used, clean, and perform maintenance operations, as necessary.
order electrical supplies;Order the required materials for assembling electrical equipment, paying attention to the price, quality, and suitability of the materials.
ensure price competitiveness;Guarantee price competitiveness by setting the highest achievable revenue of your product or service while observing prices of competitors and studying market strategies, conditions and evolutions.
advise on career;Provide personalised help, guidance and information to people in order to make them grow in their careers.
develop ICT device driver;Create a software program that controls the working of an ICT device and its interaction with other applications.
apply for external funding for physical activity;Raise additional funds through applying for grants and other kinds of income (such as sponsorship) from funding bodies for sport and other physical activity. Identify possible funding sources and prepare bids.
drive steel piles;Use any of various types of pile drivers to drive piles made of steel into the ground for structure stabilisation purposes. Take care to position the pile and pile driver correctly and apply the correct amount of force to drive the pile while preventing damage and physical stresses.
maintain concentrated solar power systems;Perform routine maintenance as well as repairs on systems which use reflective materials, such as lenses and mirrors, and tracking systems to concentrate sunlight into a beam, which powers an electrical power plant through its heat generation.
thermodynamics;The branch of physics that deals with the relationships between heat and other forms of energy.
screen television series pilots;Screen television series pilots in front of a test audience to find out if shows appeals to the targeted audience by analysing test viewers’ comments.
collect fees for cloak room service;In cases where it is required, handle money received from clients for safeguarding their belongings in the cloak room.
make decisions regarding landscaping;Resolve problems by making decisions regarding projects and installation tasks for landscaping sites.
manage fisheries projects;Consult with contractors from both the governmental and private sectors in fisheries projects such as restoration efforts. Go over the proposed plans and provide expertise. Prepare applications for fisheries program grants. Provide technical assistance to civic fisheries projects. Study the impact of environmental changes on waters. Resolve complaints from the public. Prepare prescriptions to identify fisheries problems and recommend solutions.
make-up techniques;The various techniques and tools for applying make-up.
contribute to development of biometric systems;Contribute to the development or optimisation of technological systems that rely on specific biological data run through algorithms in order to identify people.
plan shifts of employees;Plans shifts of employees to ensure completion of all customer orders and satisfactory completion of the production plan.
monitor food production documentation;Conducting document control during different stages of production to monitor production steps and quality.
direct inward dialing;The telecommunication service that provides a company with a series of telephone numbers for internal use, such as individual telephone numbers for each employee or every workstation. Using Direct Inward Dialing (DID), a company does not need another line for every connection.
assess cocoa bean quality;Examine the type of cocoa bean delivered by suppliers and match it to the desired product.
interpret technical texts;Read and understand technical texts that provide information on how to perform a task, usually explained in steps.
present the farm facilities;Perform customer adapted presentations of the farm organization and farm processes taking under consideration the farm sustainability and local environment.
physical science applied to paramedical practice;The principles and theories of physics, biomechanics, electronics and ergonomics that can be applied to paramedic practice.
plan physical rehabilitation of animals;Develop a plan for the handling of animals undergoing physical rehabilitation treatment, considering relevant characteristics, e.g. age, species, surroundings, prior experiences, owner’s influence, current health status, clinical history. Follow referral from a veterinary surgeon.
fill cylinders;Fill cylinders setting the pressure gauge according to specifications and listening for the buzzer which announces that the filling is complete.
communicate test results to other departments;Communicate testing information such as testing schedules, samples testing statistics and test results, to the relevant departments.
carry out end of day accounts;Execute end of day accounts to ensure that business transactions from the current day have been correctly processed.
restore trays;Restore the trays in order to be reused by removing them form the kiln and placing them into the lehr for gradual cooling and annealing.
levels of software testing;The levels of testing in the software development process, such as unit testing, integration testing, system testing and acceptance testing.
perform environmental remediation;Carry out activities which ensure the removal of sources of pollution and contamination from the environment, in compliance with environmental remediation regulations.
cut rubber plies;Cut the ply to required length using the scissors of knife and bond the plies together with rollers and stitchers.
carry out purchasing operations in the timber business;Carry out purchasing operations within the scope of personal responsibility and with due regard to production efficiency and business objectives.
design wind farm collector systems;Design systems which interconnect individual wind turbines on a wind farm and collect the energy and transfer it to a substation, which will allow for the transmission of the generated electrical energy, ensuring that the system connects the turbines to each other and the substation in a safe and efficient manner.
follow standards for machinery safety;Apply basic safety standards and machine-specific technical standards to prevent risks connected with the use of machines in the workplace.
negotiate health and safety issues with third parties;Consult, negotiate and agree on potential risks, measures and safety procedures with third parties.
manage resources for educational purposes;Identify the necessary resources needed for learning purposes, such as materials in class or arranged transportation for a field trip. Apply for the corresponding budget and follow up on the orders.
manage fleet capacity;Manage the existing fleet, its availability and carrying capacity in order to schedule itineraries.
fire prevention procedures;The regulations concerning fire and explosion prevention, and the equipment, systems and methods used in it.
manage ICT legacy implication;Oversee the transfer process from a legacy (an outdated system) to a current system by mapping, interfacing, migrating, documenting and transforming data.
advise on heating systems energy efficiency;Provide information and advice to clients on how to preserve an energy efficient heating system in their home or office and possible alternatives.
cultured pearls;The process of creating pearls by inserting a piece of tissue in the centre of the oyster to help create pearls under controlled conditions, instead of the accidentally occurring natural pearls.
install electronic communication equipment;Set up and deploy digital and analogue electronic communications. Understand electronic diagrams and equipment specifications.
tend injection moulding machine;Operate and monitor a machine that contains a reciprocating screw that forces the raw material forwards while inducing melting, and injects the molten plastic into a mould.
knowledge management;The process of collecting, structuring and sharing information and knowledge within an organisation, which allows for a more efficient distribution of expertise and increased collaboration.
develop recycling programs;"Develop and coordinate recycling programs; collect and process recyclable materials in order to reduce waste."
drive firetruck under emergency conditions;Drive and operate firetruck in response to emergency situations, at a safe and controlled speed, complying with laws, regulations and standards for this type of activity.
set-up drum for rubber;Set-up the drum for rubber pressing by turning the wheel so that the required circumference and sizes are met.
prepare detailed working drawings for interior design;Prepare sufficiently detailed working drawings or digital images using software to convey a realistic preview of the interior design project.
inspect insulation;Inspect the quality of the insulation of a structure. Inspect the insulation visually to detect any mistakes or defects. Analyse infrared imagery to see any cold bridges, air gaps, or insulation malfunctions.
audit closed vehicle rental contracts;Ensure the accuracy of refuelling charges, applicable taxes for the returned vehicles.
trace people;Identify the whereabouts of people that are missing or do not want to be found.
manage security equipment;Oversee and conduct inventory of security tools and equipment.
tend insecticide mixer;Tend the mixer and equipment used in order to produce insecticides, fungicides or pesticides according to specified formula.
operate ash handling equipment;Monitor and control the different types of machines, such as dewatering bins or vibrating ash conveyor, used to remove ash from under the boiler, cool it and dry it to make it fit for transportation.
paediatrics;Paediatrics is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
TypeScript;The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in TypeScript.
support juvenile victims;Support young victims in difficult situations such as court trial or interrogation. Monitor their mental and emotional well-being. Ensure they know they are being helped.
operate signal generator;Use electronic devices or software tone generators that produce digital or analog repeating or non-repeating electronic signals in order to design, test and repair electronic and acoustic equipment.
verify lenses compliance;Verify that lenses are according to the specifications.
improve students language examination skills;Inform students on the different examination systems including ECL language tests. Provide students with language expertise and improve their language skills so that they can complete these tests successfully.
coil metal;Coil, usually steel, metal rings by winding them continuously and regularly spaced atop of one another, creating metal springs.
select therapy animals;Identify the right animal with the right temperament appropriate for the therapy.
developmental psychology;The study of human behaviour, performance, and psychological development from infancy to adolescence.
perform surveying calculations;Perform calculations and gather technical data in order to determine earth curvature corrections, traverse adjustments and closures, level runs, azimuths, marker placements, etc.
World Wide Web Consortium standards;The standards, technical specifications and guidelines developed by the international organisation World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) which allow the design and development of web applications.
operate metal fabricating machines;Set up and operate fabricating equipment to bend, cut and straighten pieces of metal.
insert bristles;Operate machinery or use handtools to insert and attach the stiff hairs used for brooms and brushes, known as bristles, in the holes of the frame.
comply with air traffic control operations;Act in compliance with instruction provided by air traffic controllers.
discuss artwork;Introduce and discuss the nature and content of art work, achieved or to be produced with an audience, art directors, catalogue editors, journalists, and other parties of interest.
nibbling machine parts;The various parts, their characteristics and applications of machinery designed for nibbling processes, such as a punch, a die, a die locking boss, a slider, a shaft, a nose cap, and others.
keep up to date with diagnostic innovations;Keep up to date with diagnostic innovations and apply newest methods of examination.
apply information security policies;Implement policies, methods and regulations for data and information security in order to respect confidentiality, integrity and availability principles.
manage bioreactors;Manage the bioreactors used in the fermentation process and cell culture, by setting them up, operate them and perform minor maintenance operations.
transfer stone blocks;Transfer cut blocks of stone to the storage hopper, by depressing the pedal to raise stops.
rig automated lights;Rig, connect, try out and de-rig automated lights, set up, try out and replace optical accessories.
follow health and safety procedures in construction;Apply the relevant health and safety procedures in construction in order to prevent accidents, pollution and other risks.
dies;The qualities and applications of various kinds of dies, the different components of a die (such as the die block, punch plate, pierce punch and others) and the types of die used in specialised manufacturing processes ( such as extrusion dies, drawing dies, forming dies, cutting dies, compound dies, and others).
green bonds;The financial instruments traded in financial markets that aim at raising capitals for projects with specific environmental benefits.
develop work programmes;Develop annual work programs for resource usage which will benefit the environment and forest production.
Microsoft Visio;The computer program Microsoft Visio is a graphical ICT tool which enables digital editing and composition of graphics to generate both 2D raster or 2D vector graphics. It is developed by the software company Microsoft.
power electronics;The functioning, design, and usage of electronics that control and convert electric power. Power conversion systems are usually categorised as AC-DC or rectifiers, DC-AC or inverters, DC-DC converters, and AC-AC converters.
manage time in tourism;Plan the time sequence of travel programme itineraries.
understand spoken Marathi;Comprehend orally expressed Marathi.
polymer chemistry;Subfield of chemistry studying the synthesis, properties and modification of natural and artificial polymers, chemical materials composed of macromolecules.
design microelectronics;Design and develop microelectronic systems, products, and components according to specifications, such as microchips.
perform oil tests;"Perform oil sample tests in order to determine product quality; operate centrifugal testing equipment to assess levels of water, bottom sediment or foreign materials."
roast malt;Roast malt following the adequate procedures, paying attention to the time of roasting to obtain specified colour or hardness. Follow specifications of drying and roasting.
Italian;The Italian language. Italian is an official language of the EU.
maintain motorcycle records;Maintain and update motorcycle records by accurately recording service operations and repairs.
promote open innovation in research;Apply techniques, models, methods and strategies which contribute to the promotion of steps towards innovation through collaboration with people and organizations outside the organisation.
inspect paintwork;Inspect a painted surface, either one recently painted or an old layer. Watch for dents, cracks, flaking, air bubbles, mould and other issues.
manage loan applications;Manage the application process for loans from the process of interviewing the applicant and reviewing the documentation, assessing the risks, and accepting or denying the loan and ensuring compliance with the underwriting process.
teach flying practices;Instruct students in the practice of flying different types of planes safely, provide instruction on the on-board instrumentation, required board documents, and the checklist to ensure safe flight operation. Prepare the flight and monitor the exercises.
address identified risks;Implement a risk treatment plan to address the risks identified during the assessment phase, avoid their occurrence and/or minimise their impact. Evaluate the different options available to reduce the exposure to the identified risks, based on the risk appetite of an organisation, the accepted level of tolerance and the cost of treatment.
design space for religious needs;Design spaces to respond to religious needs and worship, such as prayer rooms.
design engineering components;Design engineering parts, assemblies, products, or systems.
coach young people;Mentor and support young individuals by interacting positively with them in order to facilitate their personal, social and educational growth.
risk identification;The different types of risk and the related classification criteria such as their nature and scope, the activity to which they relate, their causes and consequences and their financing.  
regulate traffic;Regulate the flow of traffic by using assigned hand signals, assisting travellers on the road, and aiding people to cross the street.
apply immigration law;Apply immigration legislation during the checking of a persons eligibility to enter a nation, in order to ensure legislation is complied with upon entry or to deny the person access.
make time-critical decisions;Pursue optimal time-critical decision making within the organisation.
cope with challenging circumstances in the fishery sector;Adapt to changing circumstances in a positive way and stay calm under stressful situations while performing fishery operations.
perform government ceremonies;Perform the ritual tasks and duties, according to traditions and regulations, as a representative of the government during an official government ceremonial event.
install plumbing systems;Install systems of pipes, drains, fittings, valves, and fixtures designed for the distribution of potable water for drinking, heating, washing and waste removal.
assistive instruments;The field of dealing with people in need of service animals and the working of assistive devices and technologies.
maintain mechatronic equipment;Diagnose and detect malfunctions in mechatronics components and systems and remove, replace, or repair these components when necessary. Execute preventative equipment maintenance tasks, such as storing mechatronics components in clean, dust-free, and non-humid spaces.
forecast workload;Predict and define workload needed to be done in a certain amount of time, and the time it would take to perform these tasks.
provide education on family life;Provide culturally sensitive health education and services, focusing on women, family and community and promoting healthy family life, and pregnancy planning.
treat cases of malocclusion;Treat and eliminate malocclusion. Restore full function to the teeth by removing certain teeth, making room for teeth still erupting, then attach braces to the teeth to straighten the bite.
various types of sand;Types of sand materials and their composition, physical characteristics, use cases and possible issues.
Oracle Application Development Framework;The Java framework software development environment which provide specific features and components (such as enhanced reusability features, visual and declarative programming) that support and guide enterprise applications development.
rehabilitation;The methods and procedures used to help an ill or injured person restore lost skills and regain self-sufficiency and control.
assemble bombs;Tighten pierced and threaded plugs into the base of aerial bombs. Slip metal sleeves around the projectile, and pack the product in metal containers together with additional identification data.
report airport security incidents;Compose comprehensive reports on airport security incidents, such as the detaining od unruly travellers, confiscation of luggage items, or damaging of airport property.
market research;The processes, techniques, and purposes comprised in the first step for developing marketing strategies such as the collection of information about customers and the definition of segments and targets.
write Ancient Greek;Compose written texts in Ancient Greek.
operate headbox;Set up the part of the paper machine injecting the pulp solution between two rotating wires into the gap former, which drains the excess water and turns the pulp into a continuous web of paper.
apply colouring recipes;Prepare colour and other chemical mixtures in accordance with the recipes and/or the characteristics of the article to be achieved. Interpret and apply the instructions, including technical and operational details for the execution of processes.
JSSS;The computer language JSSS is a style sheet language that conveys the presentation of structured documents. These documents have to adhere to style sheets, a set of stylistic rules such as font, color and layout.
extract products from moulds;Remove finished products from moulds and examine them in detail for anomalies.
assemble machines;Put together devices, and components according to drawings. Program and install the components where needed.
set up animation elements;Test and set up characters, props or environments to ensure they appear correctly from all required camera positions and angles.
assess performance of rail operations;Assess the best practices in the railway industry, and devise strategies to improve performance.
maintain microelectronics;Diagnose and detect malfunctions in microelectronic systems, products, and components and remove, replace, or repair these components when necessary. Execute preventative equipment maintenance tasks, such as storing the components in clean, dust-free, and non-humid spaces.
use clinical reasoning;Reflect on care situations conceptually and theoretically, think critically and apply nursing models to real situations.
review civil documentation;Pay attention to civil documents in order to ensure the accuracy and consistency of the included information.
manage ship emergency plans;Organize and manage emergency operations, flooding, abandoning ship, survival at sea, search and rescue of shipwrecked, according to the ships emergency plans, to ensure the safety
monitor use of outdoor equipment;Monitor the use of equipment. Recognise and remedy inadequate or unsafe use of equipment.
replace defect components;Remove defective parts and replace them with functioning components.
fluid mechanics;The characteristics and properties of fluids, including gases, liquids and plasmas, at rest and in motion, and the forces on them.
create strategic maps;Create maps which outline the positions of friendly and enemy troops and vessels, pinpointing their location as precisely as possible using appropriate systems, in order to ensure the maps can be used for strategic and tactical purposes.
provide library information;"Explain the use of library services, resources and equipment; provide information about library customs."
tube filling systems;Control panels and processes to be controlled and performed by tube filling systems.
perform orthopaedic examinations;Perform, interpret and report the findings of orthopaedic physical examination, examining the shoulder, elbow, wrist and hand, spine, pelvis and hip, knee, foot, and ankle.
respond to enquiries;Respond to enquiries and requests for information from other organisations and members of the public.
manage sport competition programmes;Develop competitive programmes through careful planning, management and evaluation to ensure each programme meets the needs and requirements of a variety of key stakeholders.
authenticate documents;Authenticate official documents, ensuring that their composition and the manner in which they were signed and officiated is compliant with regulations, and thus establishing the documents authenticity and legal power.
comply with optical prescriptions;Interpret and coordinate frames and eye measurements in accordance with the customers optical prescriptions.
instruct animals for therapy purposes;Control animals in order to provide therapeutic treatments for psychologically or medically ill patients.
pluck hair;Use tweezers or electric devices to remove hair by mechanically grasping them and pulling them out of the roots.
handling chemical products for soil and plants;Handling chemical products for soil and plants includes cleaning the equipment used for spreading and spraying, mixing of chemicals, preparing pesticides and herbicides for spraying, preparing fertilisers for spreading.
contribute to the programmers reflection process;Discuss previous seasons and projects in order to link them to to artistic trends, styles, etc. Help programmers and direction describe their artistic vision for the institution, programming season, venue, institution or project. Help reformulate and articulate their artistic intent. Identify influences and references, sources of inspiration, and the tone of the season. Suggest references to the work of choreographers, dancers, visual artists, filmmakers, performing artists, composers and sound designers, and suggest potential resource persons.
negotiate with stakeholders;Negotiate compromises with stakeholders and strive to reach the most beneficial agreements for the company. May involve building relationships with suppliers and customers, as well as ensuring products are profitable.
follow translation quality standards;Comply with agreed standards, such as the European standard EN 15038 and the ISO 17100, to ensure that requirements for language-service providers are met and to guarantee uniformity.
apply a protective layer;Apply a layer of protective solutions such as permethrine to protect the product from damage such as corrosion, fire or parasites, using a spray gun or paintbrush.
supervise the maintenance of military equipment;Plan and supervise the routine maintenance and repair work of military equipment and weaponry to ensure proper working order.
install coffered ceiling;Attach a pattern of beams with or without decorative elements to a ceiling to create a coffered ceiling. Finish according to plan.
analyse clothing 3d prototypes;Analyse the prototype in order to adjust the pattern of clothing elements on the 3D avatar.
assess fish health condition;Identify and prepare fish condition for the safe application of treatments.
teach political science;Instruct students in the theory and practice of political science, and more specifically in topics such as politics, political systems, and history of politics.
create coffee flavour profiles;Creates coffee flavour profiles based on the characteristics perceived from the coffee such as coffee’s body, fragrance/aroma, acidity, bitterness, sweetness, and aftertaste/finish.
operate rotary press;Operate rotary-type presses, which print illustrative and other subject matter during a rotogravure process.
make foundations for derricks;Construct foundations and assemble wooden or steel framework in order to erect a derrick.
surface-mount technology;Surface-mount technology or SMT is a method where the electronic components are placed on the surface of the printed circuit board. SMT components attached in this way are usually sensitive, small components such as resistors, transistors, diodes, and integrated circuits.
internal auditing;The practice of observing, testing, and evaluating in a systematic manner the processes of the organisation in order to improve effectivity, reduce risks, and add value to the organisation by installing a preventive culture.
maintain inventory of pesticides;Keep track of the remaining supplies in order to ensure continuity and availability of the necessary pesticides.
accounting techniques;The techniques of recording and summarising business and financial transactions and analysing, verifying, and reporting the results.
communicate using non-verbal language;Communicate with colleagues using body language and other non-verbal cues in order to ensure effective communication during operations.
promote ocular health;Participate in activities that contribute to promoting ocular health and preventing ocular problems.
make technical drawings of fashion pieces;Make technical drawings of wearing apparel, leather goods and footwear including both technical and engineering drawings. Use them to communicate or to convey design ideas and manufacturing details to pattern makers, technologists, toolmakers, and equipment producers or to other machine operators for sampling and production.
apply for library funding;Compose proposals for new research or project grants.
tote reports;Read reports related to horserace betting and interpret the information.
balance transportation cargo;Maintain balance and mass distribution inside the means of transport (vessel, aircraft, train, road vehicles, etc). Ensure that passengers and cargo distribution do not hinder the mobility of the mode of transport.
use animal chiropractic techniques;Provide chiropractic treatment to animals, including designing a treatment plan and applying appropriate chiropractic techniques to animals.
interpret findings from medical examinations;Interpret the findings from a patient`s history, clinical examination, radiographic examination, and other diagnostic tests and procedures.
criminal law;Th legal rules, constitutions and regulations applicable for the punishement of offenders.
ensure equipment cooling;Make sure the machines and installations are properly supplied with air and coolants in order to prevent overheating and other malfunctions.
reproduce documents;Reproduce documents such as reports, posters, booklets, brochures, and catalogues for a range of audiences.
implement soap formula;Implement the formula for soaps computing the specific ingredients amounts that are required.
perform hand pruning;Efficiently perform hand pruning by using specific pruning tools like shears, lopping shears, saw, a small pocket scale to weigh the pruned material, and twine.
prepare timelines for pipeline development projects;Prepare timescales and project schedules for implementation of activities and follow up in pipeline development projects. Include in the preparation customer requests, materials required, and specification of the activities to be undertaken.
managing a business with great care;Detailed and thorough treatment of transactions, compliance with regulations and supervision of employees, safeguarding a smooth running of daily operations.
maintain data entry requirements;Uphold conditions for data entry. Follow procedures and apply data program techniques.
carry out energy management of facilities;Contribute to develop effective strategies for energy management and making sure that these are sustainable for buildings. Review buildings and facilities to identify where improvements can be made in energy efficiency.
calibrate electronic instruments;Correct and adjust the reliability of an electronic instrument by measuring output and comparing results with the data of a reference device or a set of standardised results. This is done in regular intervals which are set by the manufacturer and using calibration devices.
architecture regulations;The regulations, statutes, and legal agreements existing in the European Union in the field of architecture. 
evaluate ingredient documentation from suppliers;Read, organise and evaluate documentation on ingredients from suppliers and co-manufacturers. Identify deficiencies and enquire for clarifications and corrective actions as per regulatory demands.
operate fluff pulp mixing machine;Mix pulp and cotton wool, which are shot out of the machine and woven into pulp strips. These can consequently be cut and shaped into diapers and other disposable pad products.
advise customers on optical instruments maintenance;Provide customers with advice on the correct use and maintenance of other optical instruments such as binoculars, sextants, night vision, etc.
follow-up on healthcare users treatment;Review and evaluate the progress of the prescribed treatment, taking further decisions with the healthcare users and their carers.
understand spoken Maltese;Comprehend orally expressed Maltese.
inspect building systems;Inspect buildings and building systems such as plumbing or electrical systems to confirm compliance with regulations and requirements.
draw up rehearsal notes;Document the rehearsal. Note the choreographers instructions, the instructions of collaborators, names of choreographic sections, how the dance sequences are related to other components of the work, corrections and any changes to be made to the work in progress. Draw spatial diagrams of the choreography.
report chimney defects;Inform property owners and relevant authorities on any chimney malfunctions.
sociology;The group behaviour and dynamics, societal trends and influences, human migrations, ethnicity, cultures and their history and origins.
carry out fish disease prevention measures;Carry out disease prevention measures for fish, molluscs, and crustaceans for land-based and water-based aquaculture facilities.
humanitarian aid;The tangible, material assistance offered to populations and countries affected by man-made or natural disasters, with a strong focus on the most vulnerable victims. It includes food supplies, medication, shelter, water, education etc. in support of the population affected, with the aim of providing immediate and short-term relief.
coordinate export transportation activities;Coordinate all export transportation operations while considering export strategies and services.
report on window damage;Inform the client or responsible authorities about damage occurred during or prior to the window cleaning activities.
maintain shellfish depuration equipment;Maintain all utensils, equipment and work surfaces in clean condition. Disinfect frequently tanks with chlorine or other disinfecting agents approved by State regulatory authorities.
electrochemistry;Subdiscipline of chemistry that studies the chemical reactions that take place during the interaction of an electrolyte, a chemical substance that works as an ionic conductor, and an electrode, or an electrical conductor. Electrochemistry deals with the electrical charge that moves between the electrolyte and electrodes and studies the interaction between chemical changes and electrical energy. Electrochemistry is famously used in the manufacture of batteries.
demonstrate functionality of toys and games;Demonstrate to customers and their children the features and functionalities of games and toys.
handle working animals;Handle and care for working animals. This includes preparation of animal, working environment and equipment, control and monitoring of the animal during work activities, and care afterwards.
economics;Economic principles and practices, financial and commodity markets, banking and the analysis of financial data.
make an informed use of the health-care system;Identify and select the right preventive and curative services or agencies that offer healthcare services and manage safely the appropriate medications.
personnel management;The methodologies and procedures involved in the hiring and development of employees in order to ensure value for the organisation, as well as personnel needs, benefits, conflict resolution and ensuring a positive corporate climate.
improve user-friendliness;Research and test new methods to make a product such as a website or map easier to use and understand.
examine advertisement layout;Examine and approve the layout of advertisements to ensure that they are according to customer and target audience requirements and specifications.
regulation on unpaved areas of airports;Know and abide by regulation applying to unpaved areas of airports. Understand the security reasons and specifications for maintenance of green areas in airports, such as the height of grass.
international development;International development is a multi-disciplinary discipline which approaches the socio-economic and human development of countries and regions from different perspectives.
finish prosthetic-orthotic devices;Complete the manufacturing of prosthetic and orthotic devices by sanding, smoothing, applying paint or lacquer layers, stuffing and covering some parts with leather or textiles.
develop educational activities;Develop speeches, activities and workshops in order to foster access and comprehension to the artistic creation processes. It can address a particular cultural and artistic event such as a show or an exhibition, or it can be related to a specific discipline (theatre, dance, drawing, music, photography etc.). Liaise with storytelles, craftspeople and artists.
on board hazards;"Prevent on board (electrical) hazards and effectively deal with them should they occur; ensure safe embarkation and disembarkation of the vessel."
operate vessel critical systems;Operate of critical systems such as electronic navigation aids, steering, de-watering, safety apparatus. Carry out captains orders.
translate artistic concepts to technical designs;Cooperate with the artistic team in order to facilitate the transition from the creative vision and its artistic concepts to a technical design.
conduct airport environmental studies;Prepare and conduct environmental studies, air quality modelling, and land use planning studies.
behavioural neurology;The links between neuroscience and behaviour, the care for individuals with behavioural disturbances rooted in neurological issues.
sand wood;Use sanding machines or hand tools to remove paint or other substances from the surface of the wood, or to smoothen and finish the wood.
qualitative risk analysis techniques;The tools and techniques used to estimate probability of risks and assess their impact, such as probability and impact matrices, risk categorisation, SWAT analysis and ICOR analysis.
perform laboratory tests on footwear or leather goods;Perform laboratory quality control tests on footwear, leather goods or its materials or components following national and international standards. Prepare samples and procedures. Analyse and interpret tests results and produced reports. Cooperate with outsourced laboratories.
act discreetly;Be discreet and dont draw attention.
operate pile driver hammer;Operate a pile driver that drives piles into the ground using a hammering motion. Work with diesel pile driver hammers and hydraulic pile drivers, which are quieter and more appropriate to areas sensitive to loud noise or vibrations.
core apples;Core apples and quarter them using an apple corer.
discharge employees;Dismiss employees from their job.
use hair removal lasers;Use lasers that remove hair by exposing the hair to pulses of laser light that destroy hair follicles.
postediting;The process of revising a translation, usually generated by a machine, and improving the accuracy of the text in the translated language.
press paper manually;Press the paper with a couching sheet or felts and press bar, further draining water of the paper and reducing drying time. The goal is to press in a way that the whole of the paper dries evenly. Press bars can be books, couching sheets or mechanically operated paper presses.
manage computer-based transport operation control systems;"Manage digital operation control systems to ensure data transfer between buses. Monitor real-time information about infrastructure, traffic conditions, traffic lights; control voice announcements in buses and provide passengers with real-time information."
adapt designers’ work to the performance venue;Reorient the work of performance collaborators, such as musicians, dancers, actors as well as artistic and technical collaborators, such as set designers, lighting operators and stage managers.
test chemical auxiliaries;Conduct analysis to characterise the content of the mixtures of chemical auxiliaries. These include the determination of the water content, the amount of active principles declared, looking for potential hazards, etc.
inspect vessel;Inspect vessels to ensure their effective and safe operation. Keep the vessel and its equipment in conformance to regulations.
pharmaceutical manufacturing quality systems;The quality systems model that apply in pharmaceutical manufacturies. The most common system ensures quality in facilities and equipment system, laboratory controls system, materials system, production system and packaging and labelling system.
interact verbally in Romani;Communicate orally in Romani.
operate tunnelling machine;Operate a tunnelling machine, a machine with a large rotating steel drum equipped with tungsten carbide teeth that cut material in order to drive underground tunnels or development roadways. Operate the cutting drum and the continuous motion of the machine either remotely or seated on top.
interact verbally in Russian;Communicate orally in Russian.
maintain food specifications;Preserve, review, and evaluate existing food specifications such as recipes.
negotiate prices for transport of cargo;"Negotiate prices for cargo transport; pursue maximum efficiency in logistics and transportation; calculate efficient routes for freight transport."
rebuff tyre;Use abrasive tools to grind the old tyre and to remove the worn tread, brush or spray a rubber solution to join the new and the old material, and fix the new tread or piece of tread.
conduct research interview;Use professional researching and interviewing methods and techniques to gather relevant data, facts or information, to gain new insights and to fully comprehend the message of the interviewee.
promote the principles of democracy and rule of law;Take an active role in promoting the principles of democracy, social justice and the rule of law. Confront discrimination based on ethnic, cultural or sexual identity or orientation as well as social, educational, or economic background, by assessing and voicing the implications for different groups of any planned action, including legislation, policies or programmes.
Ancient Greek;The Ancient Greek language.
set up props in a timely manner;Make sure props are set up on the stage or set according to the time schedule.
tend CNC drilling machine;Tend a computer numerical controlled (CNC) drilling machine designed for cutting manufacturing processes on metal, wooden, plastic materials and others, monitor and operate it, according to regulations.
distributed computing;the software process in which computer components interact over a network and send messages to communicate on their actions.
integrate measures in architectural designs;Integrate measurements, taken at sites or included in the project, into the design and drafting of architectural projects. Integrate considerations such as fire safety, acoustics, and building physics.
manufacture made-up fabrics for indoor usage;Produce made up fabrics for indoor usage by mainly sewing. Manufacture home textiles like pillows, blankets, curtains, bedsheets, table cloths, towels, and bean bags.
advise on music pedagogy;Provide advice and share experiences concerning musical practices,  methods and principles of music instruction such as composing, performing and teaching music.
manage geotechnical staff;Manage a complete geotechnical staff including consultants, contractors, geologists and geotechnical engineers.
interpret traffic light signals used in tramway infrastructure;Observe traffic lights in tramway infrastructure, examine track conditions, area traffic, and prescribed speeds to ensure safety.
tend wax bleaching machinery;Tend machinery used in candlemaking such as vats and filter presses to bleach wax.
participate in tourism events;Take part in tourism fairs and exhibitions in order to promote, distribute and negotiate tourism services and packages.
explain bingo rules;Make the bingo rules clear before the game to the audience.
support community-based tourism;Support and promote tourism initiatives where tourists are immersed in the culture of local communities usually in rural, marginalised areas. The visits and overnight stays are managed by the local community with the aim of supporting their economic development.
language teaching methods;The techniques used to teach students a foreign language, such as audio-lingual, communicative language teaching (CLT), and immersion.
operate pulp control machine;Set up, operate and maintain specialised machinery and equipment to control the creation of pulp from wood, recyclable paper, and other cellulose materials.
perform diving interventions;Perform hyperbaric interventions at a maximum pressure of 4 atmospheres. Prepare and review the personal equipment and the auxiliary material. Perform and supervise the dive. Realise maintenance of the diving equipment and auxiliary material. Apply security measures to ensure the divers safety when realising deep immersions.
conduct erosion control;Manage erosion control processes and projects. Plan erosion control actions to control or prevent erosion from occurring and avoid water pollution or soil loss.
monitor grapes;Monitoring the growth of grapes to ensure their quality. Determine the correct time for harvest. Test the grapes as necessary to ensure fruit quality.
measure customer feedback;Evaluate customers comments in order to find out whether customers feel satisfied or dissatisfied with the product or service.
maintain electronic systems;"Calibrate and maintain electronic systems; execute preventive equipment maintenance tasks."
types of media;The means of mass communication, such as television, journals, and radio, that reach and influence the majority of the public.
treat flood damage;Treat damage caused by floods by using the necessary tools and equipment, and ensuring the safety of the public during remediation activities.
create patent draft;Make a precise description of the invention in legal terms.
maintain animal accommodation;Make sure animal enclosures such as habitats, terrariums, cages or kennels are in the appropriate and hygienic condition. Clean the enclosure and provide new bedding material if called for.
work safely with chemicals;Take the necessary precautions for storing, using and disposing chemical products.
types of strings;Vibrating elements that generate sounds in string instruments. They can be classified into two categories, namely the decorative and the wound strings, and they can be made of different materials such as steel, gut, silk or nylon. Winding materials include aluminium, chrome steel, silver, gold and copper.
gather experimental data;Collect data resulting from the application of scientific methods such as test methods, experimental design or measurements.
provide directions to guests;Show guests the way through buildings or on domains, to their seats or performance setting, helping them with any additional information so that they can reach the foreseen event destination.
examine ventilation system;Check ventilation systems for operationality and fire safety.
apply military aviation regulations;Apply the procedures and regulations present in military aviation operations and missions, ensuring compliance with policies, safety and security.
identify new recycling opportunities;Investigate ideas and spot opportunities to improve the collection, process and recycling of waste materials.
computer engineering;Engineering discipline that combines computer science with electrical engineering to develop computer hardware and software. Computer engineering occupies itself with electronics, software design, and the integration of hardware and software.
furniture, carpet and lighting equipment products;The offered furniture, carpet and lighting equipment products, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
conform to cosmetics regulatory requirements;Ensure conformance to regulatory requirements applied in personal care products such as cosmetics, fragrances and toiletry.
conduct financial audits;Evaluate and monitor the financial health, the operations and financial movements expressed in the financial statements of the company. Revise the financial records to ensure stewardship and governability.
perform acquisition of vehicles;Acquire the proper amount of vehicles for the shop from the dealership. Deal with the involved paperwork.
visit manufacturers;Visit manufacturers in order to learn about production process and to assess product quality.
sell weapons;Sell small arms such as revolvers, shotguns, light machine guns for general use to customers, according to national legislation and safety requirements.
biomechanics;The use of mechanical means to understand the function and structure of biological organisms.
operate testbeds;Operate testbeds which are designed to assist in the process of testing new equipment or engines. Control testbeds to facilitate the testing of engines or machinery under maintenance conditions.
apply medical imaging techniques;Use imaging techniques such as X-rays and ultrasound for looking at the designated body part of the patient. Use a wide range of technology and equipment for this purpose.
types of tile adhesive;Different adhesive materials for different types of tile, surfaces, drying times, environmental conditions and costs.
use a telecine;Operate a Cathode-ray tube (CRT) system or a charge-coupled device telecine (CCD), which produce white light to colour grade images on film by exposing them to this light.
trigonometry;The subdiscipline of mathematics which explores relationships among angles and lengths of triangles.
determine visual concepts;Determine how best to represent a concept visually.
use gardening equipment;Use gardening equipment such as clippers, sprayers, mowers, chainsaws, complying to health and safety regulations.
combination of flavours;The large range of combinations of flavours to develop new recipes or products.
microprocessors;Computer processors on a microscale that integrate the computer central processing unit (CPU) on a single chip.
monitor treated fish;Monitor treated fish to evaluate the effect of treatments.
electronic components;Devices and components that can be found in electronic systems. These devices can range from simple components such as amplifiers and oscillators, to more complex integrated packages, such as integrated circuits and printed circuit boards.
BlackArch;The BlackArch Linux distribution is a penetration testing tool which tests security weaknesses of the system for potentially unauthorised access to system information.
identify accounting errors;Trace accounts, revise the accuracy of the records, and determine the faults in order to solve them.
balance the project requirements with health and safety concerns;Adjust the level of effort required for the artistic production. Adapt or adjust movements and movement sequences. Set performance limits. Allow recovery periods and take other measures.
analyse financial performance of a company;Analyse the performance of the company in financial matters in order to identify improvement actions that could increase profit, based on accounts, records, financial statements and external information of the market.
evaluate semen;Ensure collected semen is of good quality and quantity. Examine semen, using a microscope, to evaluate density and motility of gametes. Dilute semen with prescribed diluents according to regulations.
Hebrew;The Hebrew language.
tattoo customers;Make paintings or mark symbols on parts of peoples bodies by injecting pigment under the skin, with the use of electrically-operated needles.
cast concrete rings;Cast concrete rings by impregnating them with molten tar so that they can be used in mercury cells.
perform machine maintenance;Perform regular maintenance, possibly including corrections and alterations, on a machine or machine tool to ensure it remains in a proper productive state.
clean wafers;Clean semiconductor wafers using appropriate cleaning equipment, such as automated wafer cleaners, blow-off wands, and chemical baths.
tend to passenger belongings;"Handle passenger belongings; assist elderly or physically challenged travellers by carrying their luggage."
types of vehicle engines;Types of car engines in road and racing cars, inclusing those with emerging technologies like Hybrids and electric motors, and how they work.
develop e-learning plan;Create a strategic plan to maximise the outputs of educational technology both within the organisation and externally.
advise customers on new equipment;Advise individual or corporate customers on the acquisition of new equipment such as machinery, tools or systems by identifying their needs and comparing the products that would suit them best.
operate climate control;Operate climate control installations.
integrate new products in manufacturing;Assist with the integration of new systems, products, methods, and components in the production line. Ensure that production workers are properly trained and follow the new requirements.
operate remote broadcast equipment;Handle equipment that is used for broadcasting from locations which are far from central station. The pickup unit (RPU) is the most common tool for this communication.
tend compressor engine;Tend the gas compression engines by starting them, monitoring the process of gas compression and performing small maintenance tasks.
spray slabs;Spray with chemical solution the slabs one by one to prevent sticking and cover them with a layer of canvas sheet.
process from cacao to chocolate;Process to transform cacao to chocolate where the seeds of the cacao tree are fermented to develop the flavour. Process from beginning to the end including the drying of the beans, cleaning and roasting, the grinding of the nibs to obtain cocoa mass and processing accordingly.
work out odds;Make informed decisions to work out the odds for sports and races.
redirect callers;Answer the phone as first contact person. Connect callers to the correct department or person.
handle etching chemicals;Brush or smear acid over mechanic engraving tools, in order to improve the visibility of the inscriptions.
evaluate employees work;Evaluate the need for labour for the work ahead. Evaluate the performance of the team of workers and inform superiors. Encourage and support the employees in learning, teach them techniques and check the application to ensure product quality and labour productivity.
support a designer in the developing process;Support designers in the course of the developing process.
clinical psychological treatment;Treatment methods and intervention strategies used in clinical psychology, such as the treatment of persons with mental illnesses and disorders in different settings, with different clinical symptoms and problems and with different age groups.
carry out preventative internal medicine interventions;Recommend to patients, depending on their condition, preventive and therapeutic treatments such as the use of medications, lifestyle changes, modification of addictive behaviours, physical therapies, nutrition or complementary medicine.
fish welfare regulations;The set of rules that apply in fish harvesting methods which ensure fish well-being.
discuss the medical history of the healthcare user;Ask the healthcare user about his medical condition and physical well-being and the desired results to be achieved through the suggested therapy and follow the prescribed treatment.
inspect cables;Examine cables and lines to detect possible breakage or damage.
apply fish treatments;Apply prescribed fish treatments under supervision, including assistance with vaccination immersion and injection procedures.
promote environmental awareness;Promote sustainability and raise awareness about the environmental impact of human and industrial activity based on the carbon footprints of business processes and other practices.
cut lenses for eyeglasses;Shape and cut lenses to fit into frames for eyeglasses, according to prescriptions or specifications.
interview parties in relation to animal welfare investigations;Conduct interviews of suspects and witnesses in relation to cases of alleged breach of animal related legislation.
use psychoeducation;Work with patients and their families through psychoeducation.
enhance production workflow;Enhance the product workflow by analysing and developing logistics plans that impact production as well as distribution.
maritime transportation technology;Understand maritime transportation technology and stay up-to-date with the latest findings in the field. Apply this knowledge in operations and decision-making while on-board.
advise customers on electronic cigarettes;Provide customers with information and advice on electronic cigarettes, the different flavours available, correct use, and possible benefits or health risks.
conduct educational activities;Plan, perform and supervise educational activities for a variety of audiences, such as for school children, university students, specialist groups, or members of the public.
total quality control;The quality control philosophy that expects each part to be of top quality, without any tolerance for subpar materials or methods. The mindset of striving to deliver top quality work without compromises.
guide people to holding areas;Guide people to holding areas, after assessing their case and the need for further investigation, where they will be required to remain for a temporary period of time while their case is being handled, after which they will receive further instructions.
cut ornamental design;Cut decorative designs from a work piece of various materials, such as metal or wood, using hand tools or semi-automatic equipment.
manufacturing of smokeless tobacco products;The processes, materials, and techniques to manufacture different types of smokeless tobacco products such as chewing tobacco, dipping tobacco, tobacco gum and snus.
shape nails;Shape nails by cutting and smoothening the ends of the nails, with the use of files, scissors or emery boards.
motion graphics;The techniques and software for creating the illusion of motion such as keyframing, Adobe After Effects, and Nuke.
operate oxy-fuel cutting torch;Operate a cutting torch fueled by oxyacetylene gas safely to perform cutting processes on a workpiece.
monitor own performance as a sports official;Critically monitor own performance after a competition or event to continually improve own officiating skills, including mental skills requirements.
breed ostriches;Prepare a suitable environment for ostrich breeding. Select and prepare the appropriate habitats for specific kinds of ostriches. Monitor the ostrichs growth and health and ensure correct feeding. Identify when the ostriches are ready for consumptional, trade or other purposes.
provide guidance on infectious disease;Advise people who have come into contact with potentially infected persons on where to get tested and what are the recommended safety measures required to prevent the spread of diseases. It includes communication via phone or face-to-face.
assemble toys;Fit body parts and accessories together using different tools and techniques depending on the toy materials such as gluing, welding, screwing or nailing.
games rules;Set of principles and rules that govern a game
tend blanching machines;Choose the appropriate settings for steam and boiled water and set the adequate configurations and times for the machine to perform according to production requirements.
wheel impact load detector;The wheel impact load detector or WILD, a detector that monitors the impact of railed vehicle wheels on the tracks.
ensure passage metal detection;Verify that every passenger walks through the metal detector frame.
create puppets;Construct hand, string, rod and shadow puppets from materials such as wood, papier maché, Styrofoam, wires, metal and rubber, using hand and machine tools.
nursing principles;The ethics, the codes of conduct, the philosophy of nursing, the philosophy of human rights and nursing theories and concepts.
advise on use of land;Recommend the best ways to use land and resources. Advise on locations for roads, schools, parks, etc.
record court procedures;Record all the information necessary for proper record maintenance during court hearings, such as the people present, the case, the evidence presented, the sentence made, and other important matters which were brought up during the hearing.
interpret spoken language between two parties;Convert one spoken language to another in order to ensure the communication between two parties who do not speak a common language.
produce harpsichord components;Choose the appropriate materials and tools, and build the components of musical instruments such as harpsichords, clavichords or spinets. Create components such as sound boards, jacks, strings and keyboards.
orthoptics;The principles, assessment techniques and treatment of orthoptic practice.
keep records of customer interaction;Recording details of inquiries, comments and complaints received from customers, as well as actions to be taken.
assess students preliminary learning experiences;Evaluate students’ preliminary learning experiences, including academic progress, achievements, course knowledge, and skills through assignments, tests, and examinations.
prepare fish harvesting equipment;Prepare fish harvesting equipment and facilities for the efficient slaughter of the fish and subsequent storage.
fabricate mouth models;Fabricate, trim and polish plaster and stone models of the mouth and teeth, working from impressions taken by a dental clinician.
pour concrete underwater;Prepare the construction pit and guide the pipeline used to place the concrete mix underwater in a process called tremie. Ensure a continuous flow of concrete to avoid water going up the pipeline.
tend knitting machine;Operate knitting machines keeping efficiency and productivity at high levels.
cytopathology;The procedures to examine loose cells, which are spread and stained on glass slides using cytology techniques. The examination of cervical smear, sputum and gastric washing.
furniture wood types;Types of wood used in the manufacturing of wooden furniture and their characteristics.
promote employment policy;Promote the development and implementation of policies which aim to improve employment standards, and reduce unemployment rates, in order to acquire governmental and public support.
lead research activities in nursing;Lead nursing research initiatives, support research activity, working within individual Care Groups and with other agencies, identifying, applying and disseminating research findings related to specialist nursing.
evaluate employees;Analyse employees individual performances over a certain time span and communicate your conclusions to the employee in question or higher management.
use software libraries;Utilise collections of codes and software packages which capture frequently used routines to help programmers simplify their work.
monitor shelves loading;"Monitor the loading of products on shelves; ensure that items are placed correctly and in a timely fashion."
manage all process engineering activities;Managing all process engineering activities in the plant keeping track of plant maintenance, improvement and requirements for effective production.
supervise dental technician staff;Supervise dental laboratory assistants and other dental technicians in the fabrication of dentures and other dental devices.
dive with scuba equipment;Use scuba equipment to dive without air supply from the surface.
inspect extruded products;Inspect the finished extruded products in order to determine any flaws or deviations from the specified parameters such as hardness or consistency, adjusting it if necessary by adding water and oil in the pug mil.
repair underground power cables;Identify damage and perform the required repairs, as well as perform routine maintenance, to underground power cables used in the transmission and distribution of electrical energy.
immunology;Immunology is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
address damage to paved surfaces in airports;React appropriately to damage identified on airport paved surfaces and tarmac according to the kind of damage. Identify the most cost effective solution that will sufficiently solve the problem and while providing minimum disruption to airport traffic.
decorate textile articles;Decorate wearing apparels and made up textile articles by hand or using machines. Decorate textile articles with ornaments, braided cords, golden yarns, soutaches, jewellery, and cristals.
set organisational policies;Participate in setting organisational policies that cover issues such as participant eligibility, program requirements, and program benefits for the service users.
review trial cases;Review legal cases dealing with criminal and civil offenses after they have gone through a trial, a hearing in court, to reassess the initial decisions made and to verify that they were no mistakes made during the treatment of the case from opening to the end of the trial.
planning principles for music therapy interventions;The international classification systems (ICD, DSM), clinical-psychological diagnostics and psychodynamics for the planning of music therapy interventions.
rehearse with fellow actors;Rehearse lines and acting with fellow actors to be attuned to each other.
build fences;Put up fences using a pothole digger, shovel, tamper, and other manual tools.
direct the preparation of food;Oversee the preparation of a variety of dishes such as soups, salads, fish, meats, vegetables or desserts. Participate in and direct food preparation either on a day-to-day basis, or for special guests or events.
provide emergency training;Provide training and development in first aid, fire rescue and emergency situations for employees on the site.
starch production processes;Processes of starch production from tending cleaners to millers, to separators, washing screens, centrifugal separators to starch.
contextualise artistic work;Identify influences and situate your work within a specific trend which may be of an artistic, aesthetic, or philosophical natures. Analyse the evolution of artistic trends, consult experts in the field, attend events, etc.
manage third-party logistics providers;Coordinate service providers related to warehousing and transportation.
examine engineering principles;Analyse the principles that need to be considered for engineering designs and projects such as functionality, replicability, costs and other principles.
e-learning software infrastructure;The infrastructure properties and specifications required to set up the e-learning environment which provides learning experiences to the audience.
advise on efficiency improvements;Analyse information and details of processes and products in order to advise on possible efficiency improvements that could be implemented and would signify a better use of resources.
perform water treatment procedures;Perform operations such as filtering, sterilising, and dechlorinating in order to purify water for consumption and food production using different procedures and technologies such as micro-filtration, reverse osmosis, ozonation, carbon filtration, or ultraviolet (UV) light.
handle residual gases;Handle residual gases in cylinders with precaution, such as transport cylinders with valve caps or other valve protection in place and store compressed gas cylinders separately, away from processing and handling areas, and from incompatible materials.
solicit event publicity;"Design advertisement and publicity campaign for upcoming events or exhibitions; attract sponsors."
resuscitation;The emergency procedure applied to individuals with no pulse to restore them to consciousness.
monitor legislation developments;Monitor changes in rules, policies and legislation, and identify how they may influence the organisation, existing operations, or a specific case or situation.
geology;Solid earth, rock types, structures and the processes by which they are altered.
aeroponics;The cultivation of plants without the use of an aggregate medium such as soil. The roots of plants are directly exposed to the surrounding air or mist and irrigated with nutrient solutions.
voice interpreting;The practice of interpreting sign language signed by a hearing impaired person into an oral language for the hearing party that does not understand sign language.
build a fire;Select a safe location, away from trees and bushes, to build fire using tinder, a fire starter such as matches, a lighter or specific rocks, kindling wood, and logs. Ensure water is nearby to put it out.
engage with offenders;Work with offenders to promote social change, challenge their offending behaviour and stop the recurrence of such behaviour.
types of pensions;The types of monthly sums paid to someone in retirement, such as employment-based pensions, social and state pensions, disability pensions and private pensions.
skin animals;Skin animals in an appropriate manner considering the end purpose of the skin. Strip off the hide of an animal to prepare for processing the carcass, or to use the skin or fur. Use case skinning for smaller animals, where an incision is made around the feet and the skin stripped off like a sock. If a non-invasive slaughter method like gassing or beating was used on a fur animal, take care to ensure that the animal is dead prior to skinning. Use open skinning for large animals, where an incision is made along the abdomen. Use the required equipment for skinning.
manufacturers recommended price;The estimated price the manufacturer suggests the retailer to apply to a product or service and the pricing method through which it is calculated.
customs regulations for passengers;"Understand passenger customs regulations; know which official documents or declaration forms are required from different kinds of passenger."
design electromagnets;Design and develop conducting electromagnets or products and machines using electromagnetism, such as loudspeakers and MRI machines. Make sure the requirements for performance, reliability, and manufacturability are met.
monitor processing environment conditions;Verify that the overall conditions of the room where the process will take place, such as temperature or air humidity, meet the requirements, and adjust if necessary.
move the herd;Move the animals safely to another location. Lead them to grazing locations, managing their journey and accommodation needs.
follow signalling instructions;Follow signalling instructions throughout the journey. Comprehend the technical language used by signallers and adhere to instructions given by them.
packaging functions;Functions and role of packaging in modern society. Structure of the packaging supply chain and the relation between packaging and marketing.
shellfish cultivation systems;Technical design principles of shellfish cultivation systems, such as longline, Bouchot, tressels, suspended culture, tables, bottom culture.
deburring processes;The various types of processes removing burrs from fabricated workpieces, such as grinding, media blasting, sanding, mass-finishing, spindle finishing, electrochemical deburring, abrasive flow machining, manual deburring, and others.
advise on machinery malfunctions;Offer advice to service technicians in case of machinery malfunctions and other technical repair tasks.
remove photographic film from camera;Remove the film from its holder in a lightproof room, or darkroom, to prevent light exposure.
pose questions referring to documents;Revise and formulate questions in regards to documents in general. Investigate about the completeness, confidentiality measures, style of the document, and specific instructions to handle documents.
develop creative ideas;Developing new artistic concepts and creative ideas.
install falsework;Read technical documentation and drawings, and assemble the pipes and beams to build the temporary structure that will support arched or spanning structures during construction.
manage space utilisation;Oversee the design and development of a plan for space and facility allocation that is based on users needs and priorities.
regulation on the discharge of raw materials into the sea;"Know environmental regulations for the discharge of raw materials into the sea; ensure the use of chemical disinfection and dechlorination to produce a clean and safe effluent suitable for discharging at sea."
manage vehicle cleaning plan;"Manage a vehicle cleaning plan; implement quality assurance and set cleaning standards; look after materials and equipment; comply with the fleet health and safety principles."
develop project schedule;Define the project completion stages, and create a timeline. Synchronise necessary activities, taking into account the convergence of production elements. Establish a schedule.
monitor grounds;Monitor grounds during special events to insure protection of the system, report condition of the grounds and loss of water or plants due to system malfunction.
lead board meetings;Set the date, prepare the agenda, make sure the required materials are provided and preside over the meetings of the decision-making body of an organization.
perform media outlets research;Research what will be the best and most effective way to reach the majority of consumers by defining the target audience and the type of media outlet that better fit with the purpose.
types of textile fibres;The variety of textile fibres both natural such as wool and hemp and man-made or synthetic fibers.
communicate with jury;Communicate with the jury of a court hearing in order to ensure theyre fit for jury duty in the trial, will be able to remain impartial and make sound decisions, and to ensure they are briefed on the case and are aware of the court procedures.
Ajax Framework;The Ajax software development environments which provide specific features and components that support and guide web applications development.
analyse the need for technical resources;Define and make a list of the required resources and equipment based on the technical needs of the production.
work in a hospitality team;Function confidently within a group in hospitality services, in which each has his own responsibility in reaching a common goal which is a good interaction with the customers, guests or collaborators and their contentment.
advise customers on power requirements of products;Explain to customers the power required for the appliance or product purchased.
apply precision farming;Using modern technologies and equipment with high precision positioning systems, geo-mapping and /or automated steering systems for agricultural activities.
provide power connection from bus bars;Provide power connection from copper or metal busbars.
match actors to roles;Match the perfect actor to each role based on their experience, ability, reputation, availability, and box office appeal.
operate hatchery recirculation system;Efficiently operate a hatchery recirculation system for specified aquatic organisms
perform for young audiences;Perform on a level accessible to children and young adults, whilst also censoring unadvisable content.
identify electronic signals;Perform signal identification by analysing collected parameters in different languages and by electromagnetic radiation. These signals mostly originate in defense networks and are emitted from electronic parts such as radars and aircraft.
teach marketing principles;Instruct students in the theory and practice of marketing, with the aim of assisting them in pursuing a future career in this field, more specifically in courses such as sales strategies, brand marketing techniques, digital sales methodologies, and mobile marketing.
provide interpreting services in tours;Interpret in other languages information imparted by guides during tours .
adapt costumes;Adapt, stitch or sew stage outfits for performing actors.
plant green plants;Plant seeds manually or by using ground equipment.
estimate distances;Ability to correctly estimate distances in order to operate the machine without accidents.
hydrotherapy;The practice used to treat diseases or maintain overall health using water.
battery components;The physical components, such as wiring, electronics and voltaic cells that can be found in batteries. The components vary according to size and type of battery.
Montessori philosophy;The principles and values of the Montessori ideology focussing on foundations of independence, freedom, natural spirituality, and the different planes of human development processes.
write Gujarati;Compose written texts in Gujarati.
develop advanced health promotion strategies;Identify advanced prevention and health promotion priorities in order to develop and implement relevant strategies within a wider public health agenda.
teach customer service techniques;Teach techniques designed to maintain customer service standards at a satisfactory level.
handle surveillance equipment;Monitor surveillance equipment to observe what people are doing in a given area and ensure their safety.
operate medical imaging equipment;Produce high quality medical images using technologically advanced medical imaging equipment such as CT (computed tomography), MRI (magnetic resonance imaging), mobile X-ray machines, ultrasound (US), nuclear medicine with Positron Emission Tomography (PET) and Single Photon Emission Computed Tomography (SPECT).
order equipment;Source and order new equipment when necessary.
create individual treatment programmes;Develop treatment programmes to suit each individual patient, helping patients achieve more independence and confidence in their daily lives.
observe confidentiality;Observe the set of rules establishing the nondisclosure of information except to another authorised person.
promote financial products;Inform existing or potential customers about the various financial goods and services that are offered by the company.
quality standards;The national and international requirements, specifications and guidelines to ensure that products, services and processes are of good quality and fit for purpose.
create an airport master plan;"Compose a master plan for the long term development of an airport; draw graphic representations of current and future airport features."
fill out forms;Fill out forms of a different nature with accurate information, legible calligraphy, and within a timely manner.
monitor banking activities;Supervise and review banking activities such as lending and other transactions to ensure legality of these actions.
evaluate entertainment programme;Assess and improve the entertainment programme on offer by obtaining guest feedback and making use of available resources.
contribute to bilge and ballast operations;Help operate and service the bilge and ballast systems. Report incidents during or after transfer operations. Correctly measure and report tank levels.
teach art studies class;Instruct students in the theory and practice of art studies, more specifically in art history, film studies and film history, theatre studies, and iconology.
evaluate clinical psychological measures;Evaluate the provided clinical psychological measures in order to assess their impact and their outcomes taking into account the patients` feedback.
use non-destructive testing equipment;Use specific non-destructive testing methods and equipment that do not cause any damage to the product, such as X-rays, ultrasonic testing, magnetic particle inspection, industrial CT scanning and others, in order to find defects in and assure quality of a manufactured and a repaired product.
maintain waste incinerator;Maintain furnace equipment which is used for the burning of waste and refuse by performing routine maintenance tasks, identifying faults, and performing repairs.
manage ethical dilemmas in genetic testing;Deal with ethical limits of what genetic testing can provide in specific clinical situations.
tend fertiliser mixer;Tend the machines that mix chemicals such as nitrogen or phosphate in order to produce fertilizers.
assess social service users situation;Assess the social situation of service users situation balancing curiosity and respect in the dialogue, considering their families, organisations and communities and the associated risks and identifying the needs and resources, in order to meet physical, emotional and social needs.
casino game rules;The rules and principles that govern the different games played within a casino.
evaluate coffee characteristics;Analyse and evaluate coffee taste sensations including the coffee’s body, aroma, acidity, bitterness, sweetness, and finish.
maintain ship logs;Maintain written records of events and activities on a ship
coordinate automotive repair and maintenance service;Coordinate the repair and maintenance services for automobiles and pursue the maximum usage of automotive repair equipment.
Welsh;The Welsh language.
types of moulding;The characteristics and procedures used in the various types of moulding such as blow moulding, compression moulding, injection moulding and thermoforming.
assist judge;Assist the judge during court hearings to ensure the judge has access to all necessary case files, to help maintain order, see the judge is comfortable, and to ensure the hearing occurs without complications.
provide nursing care for animals in recovery;Provide supportive care for animals recovering from anaesthesia and/or a veterinary medical or surgical procedure.
track key performance indicators;Identify the quantifiable measures that a company or industry uses to gauge or compare performance in terms of meeting their operational and strategic goals, using preset performance indicators.
record data from biomedical tests;Use information technology to accurately record and analyse data from biomedical tests, writing reports on the data and sharing results with the appropriate persons.
investigate complaints about improper waste handling;Respond to and investigate accusations and complaints about improper industrial waste handling and disposal.
prepare rubber plies;Prepare the rubber or gum plies for further processing by pulling them from rolls to the letoff rack and arranging them on the table, measured and aligned according to specifications.
prepare correspondence for customers;Draught, prepare and issue correspondence to customers informing about pending bills, merchandising communication, apology letters, or greeting mails.
give swimming lessons;Instruct children, adults, beginners and advanced students on swimming techniques and water safety.
brief hospital staff;Brief hospital staff at arrival with a patient, giving an accurate report of the patient`s condition, circumstances of the accident, illness or injury and treatment given.
handle waste rock;Handle the waste materials collected during the development operations.
manage media services department;Oversee the planning of what media are going to be used to distribute the advertisements such as television, online, newspaper and billboards.
types of violins;String instruments with four strings such as the violin which is the smallest of the family, the viola or the middle voice, and the cello. Each of these instruments can either have its full size or a fractional size.
use shorthand computer program;Employ shorthand computer softwares in order to write and translate shorthands and put them into traditional legible transcripts.
clear woodland;Clear woodland and burn heather.
research equipment needs;"Research equipment or required machine parts; compare sources, prices and delivery times."
conserve forests;Strive to conserve and restore forest structures, biodiversity and ecological functions.
meat and meat products;The offered meat and meat products, their properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
manage tests;Develop, administer and evaluate a specific set of tests relevant to the organisations activities and customers.
communicate on the environmental impact of mining;Prepare talks, lectures, consultations with stakeholders and public hearings on environmental issues related to mining.
transcribe musical compositions;Transcribe musical compositions in order to adapt them to a particular group, or to create a particular musical style.
prepress processes;The processes that occur between the creation of a print layout and the final printing, such as copyediting, proofing, proofreading and others.
maintain biogas plant;Perform routine maintenance and repairs on equipment which treats energy crops and waste from farms, called anaerobic digesters. Ensure the equipment functions correctly in the transformation of biomass to biogas which is used for the generation of heat and electricity.
assist children in developing personal skills;Encourage and facilitate the development of childrens natural curiosity and social and language abilities through creative and social activities such as storytelling, imaginative play, songs, drawing, and games.
implement scientific decision making in healthcare;Implement scientific findings for evidence-based practice, integrating research evidence into decision making by forming a focused clinical question in response to a recognised information need, searching for the most appropriate evidence to meet that need, critically appraising the retrieved evidence, incorporating the evidence into a strategy for action, and evaluating the effects of any decisions and actions taken.
carry out aerial tree rigging;Undertake aerial tree rigging to safely remove lower tree sections using suitable cuts, minimising shock loading in the rigging systems. Take into account the expected load and the positions of the ground crew, other anchor points, equipment, planned drop zone, and processing area.
handle complaints;Manage problems, protestations and disputes on the job.
understand written Kazakh;Read and comprehend written texts in ?Kazakh.
pronunciation techniques;The pronunciation techniques to properly and understandably pronounce words.
create cutting plan;Draw up plans to show how the material will be cut into functional pieces to minimise loss of material.
create special effects;Create special visual effects as required by the script, mixing chemicals and fabricating specific parts out of a wide variety of materials.
analyse latex samples;Analyse the already weighted samples of latex in order to check if the specified parameters, such as density, are according to the formula.
manage casino facilities;Manage opportunities for cost and process efficiencies in relation to the maintenance, cleaning, security, administration and other peripheral functions within the casino
repair edge banding machinery;Repair broken components or systems of edge banding machinery and equipment, using hand and power tools.
crisis intervention;Coping strategies in crisis cases which allow individuals to overcome their problems or fears and avoid psychological distress and breakdown.
plan rig operations;"Plan and execute rigging operations and prepare site for rigging; disassemble rig and clean site afterwards."
operate amusement rides;Operate mechanical devices or automated equipment in amusement parks, carnivals, or recreational areas.
develop watering schedules;Develop watering schedule for sprinkler system.
understand spoken Serbian;Comprehend orally expressed Serbian.
maintain automated lighting equipment;Set up, check and repair automated lighting equipment and maintain its software.
take disease prevention measures;Develop, define, implement and evaluate actions to prevent diseases and infections, striving for the enhancement of the health and quality of life for all citizens.
operate digester machine;Add cooking chemicals and steam to dissolve lignin and separate the plant fibres, breaking down wood chips to recover pulp after a bleaching and drying process.
clean animal body parts;Clean various body parts of animals for the preparation and tanning of animal skins. Clean body parts such as skin, skeleton, antlers or horns by using cleaning techniques, according to the animal species.
select artwork developed by staff members;Review and approve designs, artwork, photography, and graphics developed by other staff members.
represent company in exhibitions;Visit shows and/or exhibitions to represent the organisation and undersand what other organisations are doing to acquire expertise in the sectors trends.
supervise orthoptic treatments;Supervise orthoptic treatments by using occlusion therapy for amblyopia, prism therapy, and exercises of convergence and fusional ability where indicated.
breed goats;Prepare a suitable environment for goat breeding. Select and prepare the appropriate habitats for specific kinds of goats. Monitor the goats growth and health and ensure correct feeding.
operate drill press;Operate a semi-automated, semi-manual drill press to drill holes in a work piece, safely and according to regulations.
prepare fuel station reports;Prepare and make up regular reports on the types and amounts of fuel, oil and other accessories sold in fuel stations over a period of time.
apply fishing maneuvres;Run shooting and hauling gear operations for its optimal performance, complying with the regulations for a responsible fish and with the security measures.
apply art therapy interventions;Treat individuals or groups in inpatient, outpatient, partial treatment programs, and aftercare with art therapy interventions, to explore verbal, behavioural, and artistic communication, treatment planning, treatment approaches and relationship dynamics.
behavioural disorders;The often emotionally disruptive types of behaviour a child or adult can show, such as attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) or oppositional defiant disorder (ODD).
analyse reports provided by passengers;Analyse reports submitted by passengers (i.e. on unforeseen occurrences or incidents such as vandalism or theft) in order to inform strategic decision making.
log transmitter readings;Log transmitter observations such as calibrations of remote control equipment, equipment performance measurements, antenna field strength measurements, and other readings.
clear out drains;Remove organic materials and other debris from pipes, usually using a snake, a long device that is pushed down the pipes.
assemble the rehearsal set;Put together all prepared scenic elements to prepare the rehearsal set.
rheumatology;Rheumatology is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
prescribe medication;Prescribe medications, when indicated, for therapeutic effectiveness, appropriate to the client`s needs and in accordance with evidence-based practice, national and practice protocols and within scope of practice.
massage theory;Principles of holistic therapeutic body massage, the application of massage techniques and the appropriate body posture, massage sequences and different mediums, massage benefits and contraindications.
process fruits and vegetables;Process fruits and vegetables refer to all kinds of methods and techniques used to prepare food products using fruits and vegetables as raw materials.
thread cemented belts;Thread through the lathe guide the cemented belt cord, spotting the end edge of the base rubber on the drum.
maintain professional administration;File and organise professional administration documents comprehensively, keep customer records, fill in forms or log books and prepare documents about company-related matter.
position dredger;Communicate with the captain or mate to move the dredge into the right position to commence the dredging operation.
advise customers on preparation of fruits and vegetables;Provide advice to customers at their request concerning the preparation of fruit and vegetables.
calculate cost of covering;Estimate the cost and the required amount of wall/floor covering by reading floor and wall plans in order to calculate the surfaces that need to be covered.
interpret diagnostic tests in otorhinolaryngology;Interpret diagnostic tests such as imaging studies of the soft tissue of the neck and sinuses, using chemical and haematological studies, conventional audiometry, impedance audiometry, and pathology reports.
print stripping;Printing technique in which the printed pages are arranged into specific patterns in order to create efficient printing plates. This has to be planned correctly so that the printed material can be folded to produce the requested brochures or books with the correct pagination and to be cut down after printing.
research welding techniques;Use a wide network to inform yourself of the various existing techniques used for welding metal pieces, their qualities and applications.
install construction profiles;Install a variety of metal or plastic profiles used to attach materials to each other or to structural elements. Cut them to size if called for.
sharpen edged tools;Identify dull edges to sharp tools, or any defect in the edge. Use appropriate equipment to safely and effectively sharpen the tool. Maintain and protect sharpened tools. Report irreparable faults to the appropriate person.
mark processed workpiece;Inspect and mark parts of the workpiece to indicate how they will fit into the finished product.
Catalan;The Catalan language.
manage dispatch software systems;Manage dispatch software systems to execute tasks such as work order generation, route planning, and other activities.
manufacture medicines;Formulate and compound medicines performing pharmaceutical calculations, selecting the appropriate route of administration and dosage form for the medicine, the appropriate ingredients and excipients of the required quality standard, and preparing pharmaceutical products.
maintain hydraulic systems;Perform routine maintenance and repairs on systems which use pressurised fluids to provide power to machines and equipment.
plan mine operations;"Provide advice during site location; plan surface mining and underground mining activities; implement safe and non-polluting extraction of ores, minerals and other materials."
assist social service users with physical disabilities;Help service users with mobility problems and other physical disabilities such as incontinence, assisting in the use and care of aids and personal equipment.
Romani;The language family of Romani languages.
cloud monitoring and reporting;The metrics and alarms utilizing cloud monitoring services, in particular performance and availability metrics.
maintain mechanical equipment;Observe and listen to machinery operation to detect malfunction. Service, repair, adjust, and test machines, parts, and equipment that operate primarily on the basis of mechanical principles. Maintain and repair vehicles meant for cargo, passengers, farming and landscaping.
manufacture non-woven filament products;Perform the operation, monitoring and maintenance of machines and processes to manufacture nonwoven filament products, keeping efficiency and productivity at high levels.
analyse milk control test results;Analyse and document milk control test results in relation to professional standards and business requirements. Efficiently use milk testing software and interpret the results.
handle tenant changeover;Discuss administrative matters with the previous and future tenants and inspect the rented accomodation (rooms, apartments, houses) to make sure that the renovation and maintenance agreement has been respected.
responsible gambling;The proper behaviour when participating in a gambling game such as how to be aware of others peoples reactions and why people act and react as they do.
sort textile items;Sort garments and other textiles to be pressed and ironed or for customer pick-up.
hardware, plumbing and heating equipment products;The offered hardware, plumbing and heating equipment products, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
understand written Azerbaijani;Read and comprehend written texts in Azerbaijani.
molecular biology;The interactions between the various systems of a cell, the interactions between the different types of genetic material and how these interactions are regulated.
recommend orthopedic goods to customers depending on their condition;Recommend and provide advice on orthopaedic goods and pieces of equipment such as braces, slings or elbow supports. Provide individual advice depending on customers specific condition and needs.
make price recommendations;Make price recommendations based on factors such as standard costs, promotions, freight, margin expectations, and customer relationships.
interpret prescriptions;Interpret the specifications written down by doctors or other professionals to determine the type of product or device that needs to be created, as well as the materials that need to be used.
dosimetric planning;The planning and measurement of radiation amounts according to ICRU terminology.
prepare planting area;Prepare planting area and soil for planting by fertilising, mulching and performing weed control. Take the conditions of the area, soil and plant type into account.
metal hot rolling technology;The various techniques and technology used in hot rolling processes for metal fabrication, such as blank heating, rough rolling (reverse rolling), fine rolling (continuous rolling), strip cooling, receiving, and others.
plan leather goods manufacture;Design the manufacturing process for each model of leather goods. Plan the stages of manufacturing and operations for production. Plan the usage of materials and leather components. Select machines and equipment. Plan the workforce. Calculate direct and indirect costs associated with manufacturing. Plan the maintenance of machines and equipment.
Irish;The Irish language. Irish is an official and working language of the EU.
coordinate assembling room in footwear manufacturing;Coordinate the flow of materials and footwear components. Manage orders and organise the activity of the assembling room. Distribute machinery, operations and workers. Manage and optimise production and materials. Divide and organise pieces and components according to the footwear model or size and send them directly to the finishing room or to the warehouse. Organise in-process quality control.
therapy in health care;The principles, methods, and procedures for diagnosis, treatment, and rehabilitation of physical and mental dysfunctions.
provide information on properties;"Provide information on the positive and negative aspects of a property and the practicalities concerning any financial transactions or insurance procedures; such as location, composition of the property, renovation or repair needs, the cost of the property and the costs related to insurance."
develop passenger outreach strategies;Provide outreach and services to diverse and underserved groups.
handle freight inspection equipment;Handle freight inspection equipment and tools such as bench top centrifuges, depth indicators, notebook computers, tape measures, and water samplers.
store semen;Keep animal semen in reserve at the correct temperature and in accordance with production specifications.
operate train integrated electronic control centre;Operate integrated electronic control centres where signallers apply modern-day technological operating systems and equipment to control train progression over long stretches of railway track.
play musical instruments;Manipulate purpose-built or improvised instruments to produce musical sounds.
maintain forestry equipment;Check forestry equipment to make sure that it is in working order.
identify condensation problems;Assess the buildings situation and look for signs of condensation, damp or mould and inform landlords or residents on methods to tackle and prevent their escalation.
operate liquid soap pumps;Operate soap pumps adjusting the correct flow of oil, perfume, air or steam that goes into the collectors or to the towers.
define the visual universe of your creation;Define the visual universe that will surround the creation using painting, drawing, lighting, projections or other visual means
mould doughs;Operate moulding by crafting or using different equipment to have a certain shape of doughs.
manage plans for the utilisation of organic by-products;Implement plans for the utilisation of organic by-products. Ensure that plans for the utilisation of organic by-products are in accordance with relevant legislation, codes of practice and cropping policies. Ensure that systems are in place to protect humans and animals from the dangers of working with organic by-products such as slurry gasses. Monitor the utilisation of organic by-products and take appropriate action if problems are identified.
liaise with shareholders;Communicate and serve as communication point with shareholders in order to provide an overview on their investments, returns, and long-term plans of the company to increase profitability.
fire the surface;Use stainless steel mesh and place the painted piece in the kiln, oven or furnace in order to melt the colour and let it flow.
Wireshark;The Wireshark tool is a penetration testing tool which evaluates security weaknesses, analysing network protocols through deep protocol inspection, live capture, display filters, offline analysis, VoIP analysis, protocol decryption.
coordinate launches of new food products;Coordinate launches of new food products. Run trials alongside with product development.
communicate vessel requirements;Provide advice to ship and fleet management on cargo requirements, cleaning of the tank, stability and stress, and how to continue to meet all statutory requirements for the vessel in this field.
forecast future ICT network needs;Identify current data traffic and estimate how growth will affect the ICT network.
design yarns;Developing structural and colour effects in yarns and threads by using yarn and thread manufacturing techniques.
evaluate tender;Ensure that tenders are assessed in an objective and legally compliant way and against exclusion, selection and award criteria defined in the call for tender. This includes identifying the Most Economically Advantageous Tender (MEAT).
smoking pipes materials;The most common material used for producing smoking pipes is wood, especially briar, but other materials are used as well such as meerschaum, clay or corncob.
interpret graphical recordings of rail-flaw-detection machine;Read, analyse and interpret the graphical recordings issued by the rail-flaw-detection machine in order to detect errors or flaws in rails.
provide support to authors;Provide support and advice to authors during the whole creation process until the release of their book and maintain good relations with them.
pour terrazzo;Pour the prepared terrazzo mixture on the planned floor section. Pour the right amount of terrazzo and use a screed to make sure the surface is even.
keep sawing equipment in good condition;Make sure sawing equipment is always in good and safe working condition. Inspect the equipment for defects. Replace defective or worn-out elements in accordance with guidelines. Store elements safely when not in use. Notify the responsible party in case of large or dangerous defects.
perform dental charting;Create a dental chart of the patient`s mouth in order to provide information on tooth decay, cavities, missing teeth, the depths of gum pockets, abnormalities in teeth such as rotations, erosion or abrasions in the teeth or enamel, damage to teeth, or the presence of prosthetic teeth according to the dentist`s directions and under the dentist`s supervision.
improve customer interaction;"Permanently refine and improve the quality of customer interaction and customer satisfaction; make continuous efforts to improve business standards."
eye protection regulations;Eye protection regulations and relevant standards in relation to occupational visual requirements.
write storylines;Write the plot of a novel, play, film, or other narrative form. Create and develop characters, their personalities, and relationships.
reverse engineering;The process of extracting knowledge or design information from anything man-made and reproducing it or anything else based on the extracted information. The process often involves disassembling something and analysing its components and workings in detail.
ensure correct gas pressure;Ensure the necessary, usually constant, pressure of gas which is part of a machine or tool, such as torching equipment, used to process metal workpieces during metal fabrication processes.
manage ship electrical systems;Operate and maintain the electrical components of ships and the electrical distribution system. Know the various load circuits in case of system malfunction. Repair electrical systems in the event of damage or malfunctioning.
software design methodologies;The methodologies such as Scrum, V-model and Waterfall to design software systems and applications.
use digital illustration techniques;Create drawings using digital illustration programmes and techniques.
write Maltese;Compose written texts in Maltese.
perform physico-chemical analysis to food materials;Performs a range of physical and chemical analysis to food materials in order to assess their quality.
create flowchart diagram;Compose a diagram that illustrates systematic progress through a procedure or system using connecting lines and a set of symbols.
collect broken appliances;Collect or receive products which are no longer functional and cannot be repaired from households, organisations or collection facilities so that they can be sorted for disposal or recycling.
manufacturing of fur products;The process required to produce fur products, from choosing pelts, the techniques depending on the pelt, the chemicals for preservation and treatment, and the handling during the manufacturing process.
supervise daily information operations;Direct daily operations of different units. Coordinate program/project activities to assure the respect of costs and time.
use 3D scanners for clothing;Use different 3D body scanners and softwares to capture the shape and size of the human body in order to produce 3D body model for the creation of avatars and mannequins.
manufacture dental prostheses;Design and fabricate dental prosthesis or appliances such as space maintainers, crowns, veneers, bridges, and dentures, retainers, and labial and lingual arch wires.
advise on training courses;Provide information on possible training options or qualifications and available funding resources, depending on the needs and educational background of the individual.
web application security threats;The attacks, vectors, emergent threats on websites, web applications and web services, the rankings of their severity identified by dedicated communities such as OWASP.
operate cremation equipment;Handle equipment used for the cremation of deceased individuals, such as cremators, incinerators, cremulators and magnets.
blockchain platforms;The different integrated infrastructures, each with their own characteristics, that allow the development of blockchain applications. Examples are multichain, ehtereum, hyperledger, corda, ripple, openchain, etc.
coordinate marketing plan actions;Manage the overview of the marketing actions such as the marketing planning, internal financial resource granting, advertising materials, implementation, control, and communication efforts.
apply flux;Apply a chemical cleaning agent, such as ammonium chloride, rosin, hydrochloric acid, zinc chloride, borax, and others, that removes the oxidation from metals being joined during soldering, brazing, and welding processes.
regulate animal health standards;Develop, inspect and enforce animal health standards required for interstate and international commerce of livestock and livestock products, and for public health.
install car electronics;Place electrically operated accessories in vehicles such as batteries which power heating systems, radios and anti-theft systems.
dental anatomy;The development, appearance, classification, function and characteristics of teeth and their position in the mouth.
financial markets;The financial infrastructure which permits trading securities offered by companies and individuals govern by regulatory financial frameworks.
work on the effects of abuse;"Work with individuals on the effects of abuse and trauma; such as sexual, physical, psychological, cultural and neglect."
assemble manufactured pipeline parts;Assemble parts and components made for pipelines in companies or sites. Construct pipeline infrastructures or re-assemble parts that were taken out for repair.
create data sets;Generate a collection of new or existing related data sets that are made up out of separate elements but can be manipulated as one unit.
fix meetings;Fix and schedule professional appointments or meetings for clients or superiors.
arrange tables;Organise and dress tables to accommodate special events.
hoshin kanri strategic planning;Hoshin Kanri is a 7-step process used in strategic planning in which strategic goals are communicated throughout the company and then put into action.
perform computer analyses of geotechnical structures;Use specialised digital databases and perform computer-aided analyses of geotechnical structures.
recognise the hazards of dangerous goods;Be aware of the threats posed by potentially dangerous goods such as polluting, toxic, corrosive, or explosive materials.
advise on medical device features;Provide information on how the medical device is functioning, what are its features, advantages and usability terms.
manufacturing of children clothing;The specificities of manufacturing clothing for children, considering the sizes and adaptations required in the manufacturing process such as cutting, types of fabrics, patterns, and quality.
handle hot limestone;Handle hot limestone by scooping it using a shovel in order to prepare the samples to be analysed.
store negatives;Place the cut photographic film into protective sleeves and store them in a safe manner.
clean spa work areas;Set up and use equipment to clean spa work areas and to work with the recommended temperatures and humidity levels to cleanse wet spa treatment areas. Avoid the spread of infections and possible risks.
assess crop damage;Identify and evaluate damage to crops due to disorders, adverse physical soil conditions, unsuitable pH, nutrient imbalances and deficiencies, the misuse of crop protection materials, or extreme weather factors.
support veterinary diagnostic imaging procedures;Prepare the equipment and animal for diagnostic imaging. Conduct or support diagnostic imaging procedures. Provide care for the animal undergoing diagnostic imaging.
advise on conflict management;Advise private or public organisations on monitoring possible conflict risk and development, and on conflict resolution methods specific to the identified conflicts.
maintain plan for continuity of operations;Update methodology which contains steps to ensure that facilities of an organisation are able to continue operating, in case of broad range of unforeseen events.
generate reconciliation reports;Compare production plans to actual production reports and generate reconciliation reports.
manage risk of lighting failure;Identify and resolve lighting issues and reduce the risk of lighting failure.
communicate with shipment forwarders;Maintain a good flow of communication with shipper and freight forwarders, who ensure a correct delivery and distribution of goods.
enhance landscapes;Enhance landscapes by applying mulch and top soil, planting, and seeding lawns.
manage health promotion activities;Plan, implement and evaluate health promotion activities and projects in different settings such as kindergarten and school, workplace and business, social living environment and primary health care, particularly in the context of projects.
international taxation of transfer prices;The requirements and regulations of the transfer prices of goods and services between legal entities, especially in an international setting.
rewrite manuscripts;Rewrite unpublished manuscripts to correct errors and to make them more appealing to the target audience.
maintain motor vehicle steering system;Maintain the system that allows motor vehicles to be directed towards a desired route through steering wheel linkages by using hand and power tools. Make repairs if necessary.
check the health of livestock;Perform routine visits to farms in order to check the health of livestock.
acquire system component;Obtain hardware, software or network components which match other system components in order to expand it and perform necessary tasks.
teach music principles;Instruct students in the theory and practice of music, whether recreationally, as part of their general education, or with the aim of assisting them in pursuing a future career in this field. Offer corrections while instructing them in courses such as the history of music, reading music scores, and playing a musical instrument (including voice) of specialisation.
prepare colour mixtures;Prepare colour mixtures in accordance with the recipes and/or the characteristics of the article to be achieved.
promote education programmes;Promote ongoing research into education and the development of new education programmes and policies in order to obtain support and funds, and to raise awareness.
pipeline transport regulations;Know about pipeline transport regulations and their application in pipeline fields. Apply pipeline transport regulations in the construction of new sites.
advise on mental health;Advise persons of all ages and groups in terms of the health-promoting aspects of individual behaviour and institutions with regard to the personal, social and structural factors on physical and mental health.
work on psychosomatic issues;Work with body and mind issues such as the spectrum of human sexuality and psychosomatic ailments.
hybrid vehicle architecture;Hybrid vehicle nomenclature, classification and architectures including efficiency considerations. Pros and cons of series, parallel and power split solutions.
develop textile colouring recipes;Developing recipes for dyeing and printing processes of textiles.
feed hoppers;Feed hoppers with the required materials using various tools such as lifting equipment or shovels.
switching devices;Devices that are able to open and close electrical circuits, such as disconnecting switches, interrupter switches, and circuit breakers.
provide counselling on abortion;Provide information and counselling services to young women facing the decision of undertaking abortion, discussing about the causes and consequences and helping them make an informed decision.
operate paper winding machine;Use machinery to fabricate toilet paper packages in roll form. Feed paper to the machine and bring it into a winding position, which results in the rolling of mandrels and forming of the product.
create pen-and-paper images;Draw pen-and-paper images and prepare them to be edited, scanned, coloured, textured and digitally animated.
organise training;Make the necessary preparations to conduct a training session. Provide equipment, supplies and exercise materials. Ensure the training runs smoothly.
biochemical processes of cider production;For example, the conversion of sugar to alcohol and the importance of pH levels during fermentation.
airspace system block upgrades;An Airspace System Block Upgrade (ASBU) designates a set of measures that can be implemented to improve the functionality of the ATM system.
harden soap;Harden the soap by chilling it using refrigerated water into rollers.
insolvency law;The legal rules regulating the incapacity to pay debts when they fall due.
adjust cylinder valves;Adjust the tension on the cylinder valves or change the valves with torque wrench.
advise on architectural matters;Provide advice on architectural design, based on knowledge of matters such as spatial division, balance of construction elements, and aesthetics.
clean equipment;Perform cleaning routines after equipment use.
operate hydraulic jack lift;Operate hydraulic jack lift or truck to move goods before or after bundling.
write Walloon;Compose written texts in ?Walloon.
manage resources;Manage personnel, machinery and equipment in order to optimise production results, in accordance with the policies and plans of the company.
history of dance style;The origins, history and development of the dance styles and forms used, including current manifestations, current practices and methods of delivery in a chosen dance style.
apply animal hygiene practices;Plan and use appropriate hygiene measures to prevent transmission of diseases and ensure an effective overall hygiene. Maintain and follow hygiene procedures and regulations when working with animals, communicate site hygiene controls and protocols to others. Manage the safe disposal of waste according to destination and local regulations.
perform take off and landing;Perform normal and cross-wind take-off and landing operations.
perform customer management;Identify and understand the customers needs. Communicate and engage with stakeholders in designing, promoting and evaluating services.
monitor kitchen supplies;Oversee stock levels for supplies used in the kitchen. Report to the appropriate person.
use shaping machinery;Use various types of welding and cutting tools to shape and customize surfaces and materials.
human-computer interaction;The study of the behaviour and interaction between digital devices and human beings.
mechanical composition of trams;"Understand the mechanical composition of trams; have the ability to identify and report any damage or malfunction to central operations."
maintain projection equipment;Maintain, test and repair the projection equipment to safeguard the quality of the images and sound.
execute software tests;Perform tests to ensure that a software product will perform flawlessly under the specified customer requirements and identify software defects (bugs) and malfunctions, using specialised software tools and testing techniques.
educate on oral healthcare and disease prevention;Educate patients on improving oral healthcare and preventing dental diseases, promoting brushing, flossing, and all other aspects of dental care according to the dentist`s directions and under the dentist`s supervision.
perform minor vehicle repairs;Repair/replace non-essential vehicle parts such as turn signals, lights, fluid hoses, etc.
monitor production developments;Monitor parameters to keep an eye on the production, developments and costs within your area of control.
investigate complaints related to consumer protection;"Investigate accidents, incidents and complaints; determine if health, safety and consumer protection procedures have been followed."
assist in epilepsy surgery;Assist the surgeon in setting up and performing intra-operative electrocorticographic recordings while supervising the technician. Assist in identifying and correcting common artefacts and faults. Help administer carotid amytal tests, and functional brain mapping.
maritime telecommunications;Knowledge of transmission, broadcasting equipment and overall operation of telecommunications systems.
identify gemstones;Determine the identity of gemstones by doing a series of tests.
document restoration;Record the type and state of the object to be restored as well as the restoration processes applied by means of pictures, drawings and written accounts.
move filled coquilles;Correctly replace filled-up coquilles, understand how to load coquilles into the oven and how to store filled-up coquilles onto a rack.
support sport in media;Collaborate with the various media outlets to promote sports and to encourage more people to take up sports activities.
perform trellis repairs;Perform repairs on trellis in order to support grapes. Secure grapes to the trellis using a twine in case the grape wine should fall from the trellis and not break.
set up ramps in airports;Set up ramps in airports and assist in operations related to the storage of baggage and equipment on aircrafts.
prescribe exercises;Provide a range of exercise programmes in accordance with the needs of the clients by applying principles of exercise programming.
install oil rig;"Transport and set up oil rig at designated location; disassemble oil rig when drilling activities have finished."
anger management;Techniques used to identify the reasons behind anger, possible emotional symptoms and various ways to manage anger within a given life situation.
plot lighting states with automated lights;Technically manipulate light boards for automated lights. Set up and try out lighting states with automated lights.
manage cellar operations;Lead and supervise daily cellar operations and direct flow of work orders. Manage cellar and beverage storage procedures which comply with relevant legislation and organisational policies.
assist with reconstructing the body after autopsy;Assist with the reconstruction and cleaning of the deceased body after post-mortem examinations.
analyse internal factors of companies;Research and understand various internal factors that influence the operation of companies such as its culture, strategic foundation, products, prices, and available resources.
advise on security staff selection;Provide advice in the selection and recruitment of staff members in order to maintain and ensure the security and safety of the client.
glass breakage sensors;Different types of sensors used to detect the breaking of glass, usually with a microphone set to detect frequencies associated with breaking glass, or vibration detectors. The advantages, disadvantages, usage cases and price points of each.
write work-related reports;Compose work-related reports that support effective relationship management and a high standard of documentation and record keeping. Write and present results and conclusions in a clear and intelligible way so they are comprehensible to a non-expert audience.
monitor system performance;Measure system reliability and performance before, during and after component integration and during system operation and maintenance. Select and use performance monitoring tools and techniques, such as special software.
forming of public opinion;The process whereby perceptions and opinions toward something are forged and enforced. The elements that play a role in public opinion such as framing information, psyche processes, and herding.
build scaffolding;Assemble temporary scaffolding structures for construction, maintenance or event-related purposes. Set vertical standards on the base plate of the scaffolding structure. Ensure the scaffolding structure is secured from lateral forces and supported sufficiently. Place wood or metal scaffolding decks into the transoms to stand on and make sure they are aligned. Safely set scaffolding stairs and ladders, which allow enough room for safe and easy manoeuvring.
opinion poll;The inquiry of the opinion of the public, or at least of a representative sample, about a determined subject.
coach staff for running the performance;Give instructions to all team members about how they should run the performance.
soil science;The field of science that studies soil as a natural resource, its characteristics, formation, and classification. It also examines the physical, biological, and chemical potential of soil.
use reservoir surveillance;"Understand and operate well and reservoir surveillance system and remote sensing technology; monitor the reservoir level and decide on engineering interventions if necessary."
meet deadlines;Ensure operative processes are finished at a previously agreed-upon time.
perform image editing;Edit various types of images such as analogue and digital photographs or illustrations.
communicate problems to senior colleagues;Communicate and give feedback to senior colleagues in the event of problems or non-conformities.
set-up weft knitting machines;Prepare weft knitting machines. Activities related to preparing for weft knitting process, knitting to specification and keeping the work area clean and safe.
perform demarcation;Perform the activities involved in the creation and fixing of boundaries around a restricted area.
process applications;Deal with requests for passports and other travel documents such as certificates of identity and refugee travel documents in accordance with policy and legislation.
writing techniques;The different techniques to write a story such as the descriptive, persuasive, first person and other techniques.
help performers internalise choreographic material;Teach the choreographic material, using physical demonstration and any relevant documentation (written, visual, audio), conveying the choreographers intent, the nuances and details of the choreography.
acting and directing techniques;Range of training and rehearsal techniches that seek to encourage emotionally expressive performances. Techniques to address all aspects in making a film, play, performance in general. 
influence legislators;Influence the organisations and individuals involved in the process of making or changing legislation and laws in order to obtain a desired result, by identifying which parties would be best to contact and using persuasive methods to influence their actions and decisions.
types of moulded fibres;Field of information which distinguishes different kinds of moulded fibres such as thickwall, transfer moulded, thermoformed, and processed fibre types.
adapt to changes in forestry;Readjust to constant changes in work environments for forestry operations. These mostly affect working hours and conditions.
monitor equipment condition;Monitor the correct functioning of gauges, dials, or display screens to make sure a machine is working.
use tools for toy repair;Utilise hand and power tools such as screwdrivers, pliers, hammers and mallets to repair toys.
identify defects in concrete;Use infrared techniques to discover defects in concrete.
develop architectural plans;Draft a master plan for building sites and landscape plantings. Prepare detailed development plans and specifications in accordance with applicable laws. Analyse private development plans for their accuracy, appropriateness, and compliance with laws.
beverage products;The offered beverage products, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
enforce regulations of selling alcoholic beverages to minors;Ensure compliance with governmental regulations concerning the selling of alcoholic beverages to minors.
install spring suspension;Nail down the springs to the wooden frame of a chair or other piece of furniture to be upholstered. In the case of mattresses, check the structure holding the springs for defects and fix the layers of protective fabrics to cover the spring suspension.
numerology;The study of numbers and their occult significance and supposed influence on human life.
remove rust from motor vehicles;Wash the surface of the chrome to remove the dirt by using sponge. Scrape the rust off from the more difficult areas using an abrasive material such as steel wool.Apply chrome polish to buff out minor scratches.
operate theodolite;Operate an optical or laser theodolite, precision instruments used to measure angles.
analyse bestsellers;"Analyse every aspect of best-selling products; develop strategies to ensure that bestsellers reach their full sales potential."
perform road testing of vehicles;"Perform road tests with vehicles; ensure that all functions are working safely and correctly; test vehicle in extreme weather and road conditions."
operate drying blowers;Operate the portable air and heat blowers by placing them in the drying aisles in order to dry specific products.
brand marketing techniques;The methods and systems used in researching and establishing a brand identity for marketing purposes.
positions for surgical procedures;The common positions related to the surgical procedures and the use of the appropriate equipment such as fracture tables, head stabilisers, body stabilisers, C-arm extensions in order to provide the position.
integrated development environment software;The suite of software development tools for writing programs, such as compiler, debugger, code editor, code highlights, packaged in a unified user interface, such as Visual Studio or Eclipse.
clean ink rollers;Clean ink roller and type using ink solvent and rags.
develop cultural activities;Develop activities adapted to the outreach and/or audience. Take into account difficulties and needs observed and identified from the perspective of enhancing curiosity and general capability to access to art and culture.
arrange audit;Arrange a systematic examination of books, accounts, documents, and vouchers to ascertain how far the financial statements present a true and fair view, and to ensure that the books of accounts are properly maintained as required by law.
promote sustainable interior design;Develop an environmental friendly interior design and promote the use of cost-effective and renewable materials.
identify abrasives types;Identify the composition, suitability, and different types of abrasives.
manage contracts;Negotiate the terms, conditions, costs and other specifications of a contract while making sure they comply with legal requirements and are legally enforceable. Oversee the execution of the contract, agree on and document any changes in line with any legal limitations.
understand written Serbian;Read and comprehend written texts in Serbian.
purchase bloodstock;Executes the purchase of stallions and other bloodstock according to the yeard type and needs.
deburring machine parts;The various parts of a machine designed for removing remaining edges on a workpiece after processing and smoothening, such as an abrasaive or deburring brush, deburring drum, dust extraction hood, powerful magnet, and others.
sand between coats;Smoothen the surface of a workpiece by sanding it in between applying coats in order to obtain a clear, stronger coat.
train chimney sweeps;Provide training and on the job instructions to newly hired chimney sweeps in order to align them with the company and industrys working standards and procedures.
apply digital mapping;Make maps by formatting compiled data into a virtual image that gives a precise representation of a specific area.
work with chemicals;Handle chemicals and select specific ones for certain processes. Be aware of the reactions which arise from combining them.
assist in library facility planning;Provide input into the future planning of library facilities.
prepare for job interview;Make someone ready to deal with job interviews, by advising on communication, body language and appearance, going through frequently asked questions, and identifying personal and professional strengths and weaknesses.
photograph crime scenes;Photograph (possible) crime scenes in a manner compliant with regulations, to ensure that all information necessary for the further investigation of the case is gathered and recorded.
pedorthics;Conditions that affect the feet and lower limbs, and the modification of footwear and supportive devices used to help fix these issues.
investigate competition restrictions;Investigate practices and methodologies used by businesses or organisations which restrict free trade and competition, and which facilitate market dominance by a single firm, in order to identify the causes and come up with solutions to ban these practices.
understand spoken Hebrew;Comprehend orally expressed Hebrew.
monitor incineration process;Monitor the procedures involved in the incineration of waste and potential energy recovery from the process, to ensure that it is compliant with health, safety and environmental regulations as well as to ensure efficiency and proper functioning of the incineration equipment.
operate sieves for spices;Operate sieves or sifters in order to separate undesired elements from the spices, or to separate ground spices based on size.
translate spoken language simultaneously;Translate what a speaker says accurately and completely at the same rate of speech without any lag time.
handle radiopharmaceuticals;Properly label and store radiopharmaceuticals to be used for treatment. Ensure that they are handled safely.
maintain vineyard machinery;Maintain vineyard machinery and equipment, identifying problems and performing basic repairs.
care for juvenile animals;Assess the needs of the offspring and juvenile animals. Take appropriate action without delay in case of problems with the health of the offspring or juvenile.
manufacturing of steel drums and similar containers;The manufacture of pails, cans, drums, buckets, boxes, through metalworking processes.
detect bottlenecks;Identify bottlenecks in the supply chain.
tend ion-exchange equipment;Tend the equipment used for mineral salts removal from water. This involves ion-exchange equipment.
observe shots;Observe every movie shot closely during shooting and make notes.
re-assemble engines;Re-assemble transport equipment engines after overhaul, inspection, repair, maintenace or cleaning according to blueprints and technical plans.
wash fibres;Remove the chemical solution of the digesting process, making paper pulp soft and fibrous.
ceramics glazes;The characteristics, compounds and application of different glaze types such as raw or frit glazes.
hire new personnel;Hire new personnel for a company or organisation payroll via a prepared set of procedures. Make staffing decisions and direct selection co-workers.
sell antiquarian products;Sell antiquarian items and other printed goods in retail outlets, through specialised catalogues or at different locations such as trade fairs.
oversee aircraft sensor and recording systems;Supervise the installation of the aircraft sensors and recording systems during the flight tests to ensure that they meet required data paramaters.
use polishing compounds;Use the specified polishing compounds such as emery powder, spreading it on the stone.
apply body paint;Apply special paint on parts of or on the whole body.
operate dimmer equipment;Set up, connect and operate dimmer equipment (with plug and socket) in a live performance environment.
select subject matter;Select subject matter based on personal or public interest, or ordered by a publisher or agent.
monitor workload;Monitoring the overall workload of a production in order to keep it within legal and human limits.
type of file;Types of files used for filing metal, wood or plastic workpieces, such as mill files, barrette files, checkering files, coin pointed files, joint round edge files and others.
hand out flyers;Give flyers and leaflets to passers-by on the street.
supervise laboratory operations;Supervise the staff working in a laboratory, as well as oversee that equipment is functional and maintained, and procedures occur in compliance with regulations and legislation.
european classification of inland waterways;"Understand the European CEMT classification of inland waterways; use modern information systems to compare the dimensions of the waterway to those of the vessel."
cargo industry;Thoroughly understand the cargo industry and its stakeholders, the structure of the industry and common challenges, and the operations of freight forwarders, airline cargo units, and others.
radiological procedures;The radiological procedures with digital imaging and other imaging techniques.
mark a metal workpiece;Handle and operate a punch and hammer to mark a metal work piece, for example for the purpose of carving a serial number, or for drilling to mark the exact place where a the hole should be places in order to keep the drill steady.
prepare stage weapons;Prepare stage weapons for use on stage.
express yourself creatively;Be able to use singing, dancing, instrumental music, acting or fine arts to express oneself creatively.
administer appointments;Accept, schedule and cancel appointments.
Grovo;The learning management system Grovo is an e-learning platform for creating, administrating, arranging, reporting and delivering e-learning education courses or training programs.
detect flaws in rails;Detect internal flaws in rails in order to prevent derailments.
navigate European inland waterways;Navigate European waterways in accordance with navigation agreements.
prescribe animal medications;Prescribe and/or administer all kinds of medications, including fluid replacement therapy by all routes. This includes assessment of the safety and efficacy of a single medicine, and of combinations of medicines, for use in the animal, while ensuring neither compromising the owner, nor public health.
coordinate waste management procedures;Coordinate the operations of a facility or organisation which deal with the management of waste, such as waste collection, sorting, recycling, and disposal, in order to ensure optimal efficiency of operations, improve methods for waste reduction, and ensure compliance with legislation.
advise on beer production;Advise beer companies, small brewers and managers within the beer industry to improve the quality of the product or of the production process.
tend clay extrusion machine;Set up and monitor machine which mix, heat or melt clay, and pull or push the material through a shaped die to form it into a continuous profile with a preset cross section such as tubes, pipes and sheeting.
follow laboratory manuals;Follow laboratory manuals, documents with industry jargon, phrases and diagrams, allowing a quality controller to easily read and interpret these documents.
design lighting;Design the right atmosphere and an aesthetically appealing film with light. Give instructions on which equipment, settings, and cues should be used.
review unpublished articles;Read unpublished articles thoroughly to look for errors.
maintain wardrobe;Manage the clients wardrobe for laundry, dry cleaning, mending, steam press, seasonal catalogue and changes for closets, inventory of wardrobes and accessories.
process reservations;Execute customers reservations in accordance to their schedules and needs by phone, electronically or in person.
oversee animal management;Oversee all aspects of animal management.
dye wood;Mix the powder dye with water and/or liquid dye and any other necessary ingredients to create the desired colour and apply it to the wood.
airtight storage;Airtight storage techniques to prevent the entrance or escape of air or gas and to discourage moisture and vermin intrusion.
maintenance of footwear manufacturing machines;"The architecture and functionality of the various footwear manufacturing machines; the analysis of faults, the repair processes and substitutions of components/pieces, and routine lubrications, as well as the preventive and corrective maintenance and verification of working conditions and performance. "
install bleed air systems;Install de-icing systems that use compressed air from the engine compressor sections to de-ice the plane or parts of the plane.
types of wallpaper;Various types of wallpaper such as woven and non-woven, glass fibre reinforced, and pattern wallpaper and the procedures to hang them.
steer vessels;Operate and steer vessels such as cruise ships, ferries, tankers, and container ships.
demonstrate a technical foundation in musical instruments;Demonstrate an appropriate foundation on the technical workings and terminology of musical instruments such as voice, piano, guitar, and percussion.
carry out an autopsy;Open the deceased person`s body and remove the organs for examination, interpreting the findings in the context of the clinical history.
thread rolling machine parts;Different parts of a thread rolling machine, such as the radial and vertical roll force, the die block, the moving block, the ram and the vertical roll force sensor, their qualities and applications.
preset props;Arrange props on the stage in preparation of a performance.
provide training on e-learning;Give technical training including how to use an e-learning platform, training applications and standards such as SCORM, as well as e-teaching methods to the teacher or trainer.
clean driers;Clean the refill driers using alumina.
promote health and safety;Promote the importance of a safe working environment. Coach and support staff to participate actively in the continuous development of a safe working environment.
information categorisation;The process of classifying the information into categories and showing relationships between the data for some clearly defined purposes.
maintain snow removal equipment;Perform maintenance of snow and ice removal devices and de-icing equipment to ensure they are ready for use at any time.
monitor paper reel;Overview the jumbo paper reel, which winds the paper at the right tension onto a core.
understand written Latin;Read and comprehend written texts in Latin.
manage auction house;Manage the daily operations of an auction house. Organise all activities and coordinate the different departments functioning within an auction house. Develop a plan of action and arrange the necessary funds.
make bowstrings;Select the right amount of thread, depending on the strength of the bow and of the thread itself and coat the thread with wax or resin and weave it to obtain the cord. When the desired length is reach, form loops at both ends and stretch the cord using weights. Wrap nylon thread near the loops and in the middle section and attach the nocking point made of plastic or rubber.
procure electrical machinery;Procure adequate electrical mining machinery and maintain records.
forensic intelligence;The procedures and methodology of gathering and analysing forensic intelligence and data for investigative purposes.
manage processes;Manage processes by defining, measuring, controlling and improving processes with the goal to meet customer requirements profitably.
assemble measuring equipment;Assemble and fit together the different components of the measuring equipment, such as circuit boards, control units, sensors, transmitters, and cameras, to create precision instruments that are able to measure, transmit, indicate, record, and control.
ensure safe loading of goods according to stowage plan;Monitor and ensure the safe and secure loading of materials and goods, as specified in the stowage plan.
write technical reports;Compose technical customer reports understandable for people without technical background.
support social service users to live at home;Support social service users to develop their own personal resources and work with them to access additional resources, services and facilities.
Islam;The traditions, ceremonies and history of the Islam, as well as its current system.
identify key processes of traceability systems;Identify the different key processes, documentation and regulations for the implementation and follow-up of traceability in the company. Analyse the cost/benefit ratio of traceability processes.
advise on art handling;Advise and instruct other museum professionals and technicians on how to manipulate, move, store and present artifacts, according to their physical characteristics.
monitor developments used for food industry;Identifying and exploring developments and innovation in technology and materials in the food industry.
control limestone flow;Control the flow of limestone by adjusting the scale of flow into the kiln using rheostats.
set up generators;Install and operate generators as power supplies according to regulations and specifications.
biology;Tissues, cells, and functions of plant and animal organisms and their interdependencies and interactions with each other and the environment.
operate telescopes;Set up and adjust telescopes in order to look at phenomena and objects outside Earths atmosphere.
teach medicine;Contribute to the education process in medicine by activities such as giving lectures.
use environmental friendly materials;Work with ecofriendly materials such as water based finishing materials systems or formaldehyde free adhesives.
identify opportunities;Look beyond the current and visualise what the future can bring to those with initiative.
monitor exhibition designs;Travel to galleries and museums to study displays and exhibitions.
design woven fabrics;Designing and developing structural and colour effects in woven fabrics by using the weaving technique.
understand spoken Bulgarian;Comprehend orally expressed Bulgarian.
dairy animal production;Understand the life cycles of the animal in relation to milk production and the technical and economical aspects of milk production.
Earth science;The science preoccupied with studying planet earth, this includes geology, meteorology, oceanography, and astronomy. It also includes the composition of the earth, earth structures, and processes.
apply import strategies;Follow and implement strategies for importing according to the size of the company, the nature of its products, the available expertise, and business conditions on the international markets. These strategies include procedural and strategic issues and involve the use of customs agencies or brokers.
develop programming schedule;Develop a schedule for the broadcast of television and radio programs. Decide how much airtime a program gets.
digital image processing;The different aspects and practices of image processing and manipulation like image interpolation, aliasing, image enhancement, contrast stretching, histogram processing and equalization, singular value decomposition, singular value equalization, wavelets filtering and many others.
sell snacks;Sell snacks and drinks, such as potato chips, popcorn, ice cream and soft drinks or beer, in cinemas or other entertainment venues.
manage a good diction;Speak clearly and precisely so that others understand exactly what is being said. Pronounce words accurately so as not to make mistakes or unintentionally say something incorrect.
perform glazing reconditioning;Recondition and replace glass materials and windows.
perform escalation procedure;Assess situations in which a solution cannot be provided right away, and ensure that it is brought to the next levels of support.
inspect industrial equipment;Inspect equipment used during industrial activities such as manufacturing or construction equipment in order to ensure that the equipment complies with health, safety, and environmental legislation.
create freight rate databases;Develop and maintain freight rate databases for use by supply chain departments in order to determine and adopt the most cost-efficient modes of transportation.
consumer law;The area of law that regulates the relationship between consumer and businesses providing goods or services, including consumer protection and regulations on irregular business practices.
provide postnatal care;Provide care to the mother and the new-born child following birth, ensuring that the new-born and the mother are healthy and that the mother is capable of taking care of her new-born.
watering principles;Methods, principles and systems for supplying water to land or crops by means of pipes, sprinklers, ditches or streams.
assess community arts programme resources;Identify the intellectual, theoretical, or physical resources or supplies available to develop your mediation practice. Identify what further support you may need from other artists, other specialists (physiotherapists, physicians...), supporting workers, etc. Identify the administrative support you need and plan how you can outsource.
compose playlist;Compose a list of songs to be played during a broadcast or performance in accordance with requirements and time frame.
maintain glass thickness;Maintain the specified thickness of glass by adjusting the speed of rolls on the kiln.
transfer patients;Use the most appropriate techniques to handle and move patients in and out of an ambulance, hospital bed, wheelchair, etc.
strategic planning;The elements defining the foundation and core of an organisation such as its mission, vision, values, and objectives.
cut resilient flooring materials;Cut materials used for resilient floor covering such as vinyl, linoleum or cork with a sharp knife according to the cutting plan. Make straight cuts and avoid causing damage to the materials or surroundings.
reproductive health;The reproductive processes, functions and system at all stages of life under safe and legal conditions, childbearing, modern contraception, sexually transmitted diseases and female genital mutilation.
operate horticulture equipment;Operate horticultural equipment and assist with servicing. Ensure that vehicles are roadworthy before starting the work.
perform weed control operations;Carry out crop spraying for weeds and plant disease operations in line with National industry and customer requirements.
define creative components;Identify sources of inspiration and strong points. Identify the subject of the art production. Identify the content. Identify creative factors such as performers and music.
carry out ship-to-shore operations;Operate ship-to-shore radios and perform processes to exchange information required for vessel operations.
check list of participants;Verify whether people who are attending an event are on the participant list in order to make sure that nobody enters without authorisation.
play with children;Engage in activities for enjoyment, tailored to children of a certain age. Be creative and improvise to amuse children with activities such as tinkering, sports or board games.
collaborate with engineers;Work closely and communicate with engineers on designs or new products.
coordinate membership work;Provide internal coordination for membership work such as oversee implementation of efficient membership processes, systems and strategies and ensure affiliate information is accurate and up to date.
monitor artwork market;"Estimate value and price of artwork; permanently monitor art market in order to notice trends or sudden price changes; identify which kind of artwork is selling well during a certain period of time."
develop work plans to solve problems;Develop specific goals and plans to prioritise, organise, and accomplish work.
pharmaceutical processes;The techniques, principles and processes dealing with the creation and mixing of pharmaceutical ingredients and products such as aspirins, antiviral drugs and other types of medicines.
assist customers in selecting music and video recordings;"Provide customer advice in a music and video store; recommend CDs and DVDs to customers according to their individual preferences using comprehension of a wide variety of genres and styles."
identify airport safety hazards;Spot threats related to security at the airport and apply procedures to counteract them in a quick, safe, and efficient way.
travel bookings processes;The various steps that constitute a booking made for travelling purposes, its execution, and any additional relevant actions.
assist students with their dissertation;Support university students with the writing of their paper or theses. Advise on research methods or additions to certain parts of their dissertations. Report different types of errors, such as research or methodological errors, to the student.
interrogate individuals;Interview individuals in such a manner that they give information that could be of use in an investigation and that they possibly tried to conceal.
iridology;Alternative medicine therapy which has as its basis the idea that the patterns and other characteristics of the iris represent the entire body, thus the physical, mental or emotional health conditions can be seen by studying the iris.
apply water transfer printing techniques;Confer a printed, often decorative, coat from a basecoat sheet to a metal surface by dipping the metal workpiece in a hydro dip tank filled with water at a temperature of 30 to 33 degree celcius and the sheet with the desired print.
collaborate with a technical staff in artistic productions;Coordinate your artistic activities with others who specialise in the technical side of the project. Inform the technical staff of your plans and methods and obtain feedback on feasibility, cost, procedures and other relevant information. Be able to understand the vocabulary and the practises about technical issues
tend botanical milling machines;Operate botanical milling machines using techniques that preserve their flavour and aroma.
prepare footwear samples;Create, test and verify prototypes or samples of footwear against a predefined set of criteria throughout all stages of the manufacturing process. Revise the initial design concepts and implement technical improvements.
oil seed process;Oil seed process from cleaning the oil bearing seed, decorticating the seed, crushing, conditioning and heating, to filtering and neutralising.
define costume fabrication methods;Define costume manufacturing methods and techniques.
ICT project management;The methodologies for the planning, implementation, review and follow-up of ICT projects, such as the development, integration, modification and sales of ICT products and services, as well as projects relating technological innovation in the field of ICT.
consult with editor;Consult with the editor of a book, magazine, journal or other publications about expectations, requirements, and progress.
develop strategies for electricity contingencies;Develop and implement strategies which ensure that swift and efficient actions can be taken in the event of a disruption in the generation, transmission, or distribution of electrical energy, such as a power outage or sudden increase of demand.
phoniatrics;The study of the causes and treatments of various dysfunctions of the vocal cords, larynx (such as cancer of the larynx), mouth or lungs that most often result in speech disorders.
interpret psychological tests;Interpret psychological tests in order to obtain information on patients intelligence, achievements, interests, and personality.
manage port operations;Execute port strategy in order to gain sufficient revenue and provide optimal customer service.
domestic heating systems;The modern and traditional heating systems alimented by gas, wood, oil, biomass, solar power and other renewable energy sources and their energy saving principles.
mark migrating fish;Mark migrating fish with a hand-operated branding device using liquid nitrogen.
manage animal adoption;Find people who want to adopt animals from the shelter, help them in their choice and manage all the necessary paperwork.
sanding techniques;The various sanding techniques (such as gang sanding), as well as the different sanding papers necessary for which surface.
manage scale-up experiments for manufacturing of products;Managing scale-up processes and experimentation in the development of new products or the improvement of existing ones and subsequent transfer to main plant.
maintain rigging equipment;Check rigging equipment before fitting up, and make small repairs if necessary.
conduct fitness risk assessment;Conduct appropriate testing, functional and physical fitness assessments with clients that will include screening and a risk stratification (against recognised protocols and methods) at risk, or with an identified health condition(s). The information and findings need to be analysed.
coordinate educational programmes;Plan and coordinate educational and public outreach programs such as workshops, tours, lectures and classes.
comply with veterinary inspection standards;Follow the veterinary inspection standards and ensure appropriate corrective actions when irregularities occur.
consult with business clients;Communicate with clients of a business or business project in order to introduce new ideas, obtain feedback, and find solutions to problems.
research remote sensing technologies;Perform research in order to develop new remote sensing techniques and equipment.
implement strategic management;Implement a strategy for the development and transformation of the company. Strategic management involves the formulation and implementation of the major objectives and initiatives of a company by senior management on behalf of the owners, based on consideration of available resources and an assessment of the internal and external environments in which the organisation operates.
plan employees work in vehicle maintenance;Schedule work schemes for employees in vehicle maintenance. Plan and assign work in order to make sure agreements and deadlines are met.
manage logistics;Create logistic framework for transporting goods to customers and for receiving returns, execute and follow up the logistics processes and guidelines.
feed fertilizer mixer;Feed the fertiliser mixer with dry materials from the storage hopper by pulling the lever.
inspect printing output;Verify that the printing output is satisfactory using various methods such as visual verification, use of spectrophotometers or densitometers. The problems that might occur include misregisters or colour variation.
operate vacuum machines;Operate and monitor machines which suck the air from closed spaces such as the space between the inner and outer cups of vacuum bottles.
provide care for a particular patient group;Care for patients with specific features, needs or characteristics such as children, older patients or patients with special needs.
inspect cabin service equipment;Inspect cabin service equipment, such as trolleys and catering equipment, and safety equipment such as life jackets, inflatable life rafts or first-aid kits. Record inspections in logbooks.
create wigs;Design and maintain wigs and hairpieces.
social bonds;A set of financial instruments that aim at raising capital for projects with positive social outcomes and that provide return on the investment upon the achievement of specific social policy goals. Social bonds are generally used to finance projects in areas such as affordable infrastructures, access to essential services, employment programmes, food security and sustainable food systems.
perform exercises for artistic performance;Perform exercises and demonstrate them when required. Aim to reach the training session objectives and the appropriate pace, finding a balance between artistic requirements and risk prevention principles. Take into account your physical form: fatigue, recovery periods, resting times, etc.
advise on provision of social services;Advise social service organisations on the development and implementation of plans for the provision of social services, determining the objectives, and managing resources and facilities.
public health;The principles of health and sickness affecting the population, including the means for health promotion and prevention and community and primary care.
hand out product samples;"Hand out brochures, coupons, product samples; come up with new incentives to persuade customers to buy products/services."
integrate exercise science to the design of the programme;Design movements and exercises according to the functions of the musculoskeletal system and biomechanical concepts. Develop programme according to physiological concepts, the cardio-respiratory and energy systems.  
file claims with insurance companies;File a factual request to an insurance company in case a problem occurs which is covered under an insurance policy.
supervise crew;Supervise and observe the behaviour of employees.
natural food resources;The location, qualities, and preparations of safe, edible, and potable natural products, such as fruit, plants, meat, and fresh or recycled water.
follow strict level crossing operating procedures;Follow strict procedures for the operation of level crossings such as operating the lights, alarms, and signal devices to prevent accidents. Operate equipment that lift and descend barriers. Stay vigilant during headways.
assess risks and implications of a design;Assess the risks of the site, proposed development and the implications of overall site layout for final design, utility, maintenance and safety of use.
identify process improvements;Identify possible improvements to operational and financial performance.
speech techniques;The history and the characteristics of breathing, voice and speaking techniques.
typesetting machines;The various typesetting or composing machines include linotype, monotype, and phototype machines. They are used for assembling letters and characters into cast stripes or lines.
therapeutic massage;Massage techniques used to relieve pain and alleviate other symptoms associated with a number of different medical conditions.
correct fitness customers;Observe customers who are exercising and suggest corrections and adaptations as necessary to ensure techniques and procedures (posture, range of motion, control, timing and form) are safe and effective.
support colleagues;Guide or help less experienced or less knowledgeable people at work.
calculate allowances for shrinkage in casting processes;Calculate and take into account the level of allowance and shrinkage of the casted material that occur during casting when designing the pattern for the mould. Convert the margin calculation and dimensions to exact tolerances, ensuring the pattern will be larger than the casting.
teach law enforcement principles;Instruct students in the theory and practice of law enforcement, more specifically in courses such as crime prevention, crash investigation, and firearms training, with the aim of assisting them in pursuing a future career in this field.
forging processes;The various processes in the metalforming practices of forging, such as swaging, open-die forging, automatic hot forging, cogging, impression-die forging, roll forging, upsetting, press forging, and others.
ensure tram system power supply;"Ensure that the power supply to the overhead electric wires is maintained; report faults or malfunctions."
verify qualifications of water transport crew;Verify the qualifications of a ships crew and officers, in accordance with the regulatory requirements. Define whether passengers or cargo are being transported.
assist forest visitors;Answer questions from campers, hikers and tourists. Provide directions.
electronics;The functioning of electronic circuit boards, processors, chips, and computer hardware and software, including programming and applications. Apply this knowledge to ensure electronic equipment runs smoothly.
remove sediment from varnish;Remove the sediments by pumping the varnish through the filter press.
process printing input;Accept and pre-process input documents and orders to be used for print production.
calibrate electromechanical system;Correct and adjust the reliability of an electromechanical system by measuring output and comparing results with the data of a reference device or a set of standardised results. This is done in regular intervals which are set by the manufacturer.
use computer-aided translation;Operate computer-aided translation (CAT) software to facilitate the language translation processes.
usability engineering;The methods of assessing usability and deriving structured recommendations from the results of an usability test with respect to user needs and behaviours in order to achieve efficient and elegant user interface design.
analyse road traffic patterns;Determine the most efficient road traffic patterns and peak times in order to increase schedule efficiency.
produce copies of valuable objects;Produce exact copies of valuable objects such as paintings and pieces of furniture mainly for commercial or exhibition purposes.
ensure adequate conditions in wine cellars;Care for important factors in wine cellars such as temperature and humidity that must be maintained by a climate control system. Protect wine cellars from temperature swings by deciding on underground built wine cellars.
finish carpet edges;Finish carpet edges cleanly and securely. Tuck the carpet into the space between the grippers and the wall or skirting, or obtain a clean edge by other techniques.
maintain credit history of clients;Create and maintain the credit history of clients with relevant transactions, supporting documents, and details of their financial activities. Keep these documents updated in case of analysis and disclosure.
supervise staff;Oversee the selection, training, performance and motivation of staff.
foreign languages for international careers;Languages of the countries in which a potential target labour market would exist to facilitate your career.
strive for nutritional improvement of food manufacturing;Work with experts from the agricultural and food processing industries to improve food value, nutrition, and supply.
manufacturing of smoked tobacco products;The processes, materials, and techniques to manufacture different types of smoked tobacco products such as cigars, fine cut tobacco, pipe tobacco, and cigarettes.
evaluate scientific data concerning medicines;Evaluate scientific data concerning medicines in order to be able to provide appropriate information to patients on that basis.
coat printed circuit board;Add a protective layer of coating to the finished printed circuit board.
inland waterway ship building;Understand inland waterway ship building and construction. Operate vessel in compliance with construction legislation.
maintain turf management equipment;Install and service equipment like nets, posts and protective covers for sports and recreation purposes.
metaphysics;The philosophical study that is concerned with uncovering and explaining the first principles of things and the fundamental ideas by which people classify the world such as being, time and objects.
operate hooves trimming tools;Selection and usage of appropriate tools and equipment for trimming bovine hooves.
perform occupation analyses;Perform an occupation analysis with regard to how an activity is experienced by an individual, taking into account the influences on performance.
ensure efficient baggage handling;Achieve efficient processing of baggage using the smallest amount of time, effort, or cost resources possible.
apply risk management processes;Identify risks and apply a risk management process, e.g. hazard analysis and critical control points (HACCP).
adjust foil printing machine;Correctly measure the printing material and adjust the machine in terms of length, width, and height.
rinse glass;Rinse the glass following the bevelling process using water in order to remove the abrasive residue.
perform a prosthetic examination of the patient;Examine, interview and measure patients to determine the kind and size of prosthetic and orthotic devices that have to be made.
perform asset recognition;Analyse expenditures to verify whether some may be classified as assets in the case where it is likely that the investment will return profit over time.
close sales at auction;"Officially declare the items sold to the highest bidder; obtain the buyers personal details in order to close the contract after the auction."
digital game creation systems;The integrated development environments and specialised design tools, designed for the rapid iteration of user-derived computer games.
markets for modes of transport;Know about different modes of transport and their market opportunities in Europe.
philosophy;The different philosophical systems, their basic principles, values, ethics, ways of thinking, customs, practices and their impact on human culture.
organise sale of live products;Organise the sale of live products, be able to negotiate prices and quantities. Secure good payment conditions. Know the different techniques needed for selling harvested products.
conduct environmental surveys;Conduct surveys in order to collect information for analysis and management of environmental risks within an organisation or in a wider context.
use warehouse marking tools;"Label containers and container tags or products; use warehouse marking and labelling tools."
supervise forestry workers;Supervise and coordinate the staff that works in the forestry areas.
bend wire;Operate machinery or use handtools to cut and bend wire to form parts.
Windows Phone;The system software Windows Phone consists of features, restrictions, architectures and other characteristics of operating systems designed to run on mobile devices.
study traffic flow;Study the synergy between vehicles, chauffeurs, and the transportation infrastructure such as roads, road signs and lights in order to create a road network where traffic can move efficiently and without many traffic jams.
evaluate company needs;Analyse, understand and interpret a companys needs to determine the actions to be taken.
perform costume changeovers;Perform quick costume changeovers during rehearsals and live performances.
supervise the work of cleaning staff;Coordinate the work of staff in the cleaning areas by planning and monitoring the work of cleaning staff and giving feedback on their activity.
compile content;Retrieve, select and organise content from specific sources, according to the requirements of the output media such as printed materials, online applications, platforms, websites and video.
calculate dividends;Calculate the payments made by corporations as distribution of their profit to the shareholders, ensuring that the shareholders receive the correct amount in the correct format, meaning in monetary payouts via deposits or via the issuing of further shares or share repurchase.
key risk indicators;The critical predictors of unfavourable events that can adversely impact organizations. They monitor changes in the levels of risk exposure and contribute to the early warning signs that enable organizations to report risks, prevent crises and mitigate them in time.
gather information on theme of the show;Gather relevant information on the theme you are discussing in the show or on the guests who make an appearance in the program to make sure you are up to date.
handle timber-based products;Identify the main types of timber based products to be received at your company. Stack and store timber based products safely and in compliance with company procedures.
understand written Dutch;Read and comprehend written texts in Dutch.
apply grammar and spelling rules;Apply the rules of spelling and grammar and ensure consistency throughout texts.
test package;Test and measure characteristics of packaging materials.
tend pyrotechnics drying room;Tend the pyrotechnics drying room ensuring the processes of curing, drying and storage are according to specifications.
improvise to occuring food processing situations;Adapt a flexible approach to occuring problems in the process of creating food and beverages.
adopt a relaxed posture;Adapt a posture that is relaxed and inviting to make the audience watch and listen to you attentively.
apply hair cutting techniques;Apply various techniques that can be used in the process of cutting a persons hair, such as layering, slicing and face framing. Give artists haircuts and shaves for stage performances.
analyse supply chain strategies;Examine an organisations planning details of production, their expected output units, quality, quantity, cost, time available and labour requirements. Provide suggestions in order to improve products, service quality and reduce costs.
prepare wood production reports;Prepare reports on wood technology production and progressive development of wood based materials.
identify energy needs;Identify the type and amount of energy supply necessary in a building or facility, in order to provide the most beneficial, sustainable, and cost-effective energy services for a consumer.
resolve conflicts;Mediate in conflicts and tense situations by acting between parties, striving to effect an agreement, reconciliate, and resolve problems. Settle a conflict in such a way that none of the victims feels badly treated and avoid arguments in advance.
manage carbonation levels;Managing temperature and pressure as to reach set carbonation levels in beverages.
Latin;The Latin language.
operate wood router;Handle automated or non-automated industrial wood routers, which feature a routing head that moves over the wood, going up and down to regulate the depth of the incision.
Rapid application development;The rapid application development model is a methodology to design software systems and applications.
assess supplier risks;Evaluate supplier performance in order to assess if suppliers follow the agreed contracts, meet the standard requirements and provide the desired quality.
formulate game rules;Compose a series of rules as to how to play a game.
apply ICT system usage policies;Follow written and ethical laws and policies regarding proper ICT system usage and administration.
comply with electrical safety regulations;Comply with safety measures, standards and regulations for working with electrical equipment and the installation, operation and maintenance of electrical wiring and installations.
manage content metadata;Apply content management methods and procedures to define and use metadata concepts, such as the data of creation, in order to describe, organise and archive content such as documents, video and audio files, applications and images.
sell software personal training;Sell personal training services to customers who bought software products from the shop.
mix paint;Thoroughly mix different types of paint manually or mechanically. Start from basic paints or from powder and mix in water or chemicals. Check the consistency of the resulting mixture.
analyse the context of an organisation;Study the external and internal environment of an organisation by identifying its strengths and weaknesses in order to provide a base for company strategies and further planning.
change kegs;Substitute kegs and barrels for a new one in a safe and hygienic manner.
perform dental clinical examination;Perform a comprehensive examination of the patient`s teeth and gums, collecting data using clinical, radiographic, and periodontal techniques as well as dental charting and other techniques in order to assess the patient`s needs.
e-agriculture;The design and application of innovative ICT solutions in agriculture, horticulture, viniculture, fishery, forestry and livestock management.
hot vulcanisation;Technique used to repair tyres presenting minor tear such as nail perforation which consists in injecting a rubber solution in the tear to fill it and in subjecting the tyre to a heat treatment to enable the fusion of the new and the old rubber material.
process man-made fibres;Converting synthetic granule into man-made-fibres such as filament yarns or staple fibre yarns.
conduct underwater surveys;Conduct subaquatic surveys to measure and map the underwater topography and morphology of bodies of water in order to aid the planning of aquaculture projects, the construction of marine constructions, and the exploration of natural resources.
advise sportspersons on diet;Advise sportsmen and sportswomen on how to optimise their diet for performance or recovery from injury.
explain the molecular basis of a disease to patients;Explain to patients the basis of their disease from the molecular and metabolic points of view and how therapies can affect their lifestyles.
operate tram controls;Operate tram controls and power switches with different operating systems. Manipulate forward and reverse motion by smooth application of power and braking.
assess moisture levels in tobacco leaves;Test tobacco leaves with an electric moisture meter to obtain moisture content.
negotiate price for antiques;"Communicate and negotiate with sellers and potential buyers of antique goods; discuss prices and terms."
liaise with celebrities;Liaise with actors, musicians, writers, and other celebrities to establish a good relationship with them.
negotiate tourism experience purchases;Reach agreements regarding tourism products and services by negotiating about costs, discounts, terms and volumes.
mobile operating systems;The features, restrictions, architectures and other characteristics of operating systems designed to run on mobile devices, such as Android or iOS.
remove debris;Remove the waste from a construction or demolition site, or debris caused as consequence of a natural disaster, in order to secure the area and facilitate further working operations.
sanitise winery area;Clean and sanitise the winery using chemical, water hoses, brooms, brushes, and shovels. Safely use caustic solution to remove tartrate material from refrigeration equipment.
manage car park operations;Monitor car park activities and parked vehicles.
conduct research in advanced nursing care;Identify research priorities in advanced nursing care, lead, conduct and disseminate research findings that shape and advance nursing practice, education and policy.
design piers;Design piers considering calculations, purpose, and budget.
sell household goods;Sell household devices and goods such as microwaves, blenders and kitchen supplies in accordance to the clients personal preferences and needs.
ensure health and safety of visitors;Take the necessary precautions to ensure the physical safety of an audience or people visiting an activity. Prepare actions in case of emergency. Administer first aid and direct emergency evacuations.
select optimal distribution channel;Choose the best possible distribution channel for the customer.
operate excavator;Operate excavators used to dig materials from the surface and load them onto dump trucks.
manipulate copper;Shape and manipulate copper materials using the appropriate non-ferrous metal processing techniques. Form the copper object into a product of practical or artistic use.
manage software releases;Examine and approve suggested software development releases. Manage further release process.
green logistics;Know about green logistics, in which significant efforts are made to minimise the ecological impact of logistics activities.
3D modelling;The process of developing a mathematical representation of any three-dimensional surface of an object via specialised software. The product is called a 3D model. It can be displayed as a two-dimensional image through a process called 3D rendering or used in a computer simulation of physical phenomena. The model can also be physically created using 3D printing devices.
publish academic research;Conduct academic research, in universities and research institutions, or on a personal account, publish it in books or academic journals with the aim of contributing to a field of expertise and achieving personal academic accreditation.
ensure pharmacovigilance;Report on the adverse reactions of pharmaceutical products to the competent authorities.
move filled moulds;"Correctly replace filled-up moulds; understand how to load moulds into the oven and how to store filled-up moulds onto a rack."
perform brand analysis;Perform quantitative and qualitative analyses of all necessary information in order to evaluate the current state of a brand.
demonstrate motivation for sales;Show incentives that drive someone to reach sales goals and business targets.
identify fitted source for heat pumps;Determine available heat and energy sources choosing among different types of available heat sources, taking into account the influence of source temperature on energy efficiency.
employment law;The law which mediates the relationship between employees and employers. It concerns employees rights at work which are binding by the work contract.
tuning techniques;Tuning pitches and techniques and musical temperaments for the various instruments.
watch food product trends;Examine findings and behaviours as to understand trends, features, or qualitative wishes of customers. Use that information for product development, for product improvement, and for packaging requirements.
negotiate improvement with suppliers;Build a good relation with suppliers in order to improve knowledge and quality of supply.
data analytics;The science of analysing and making decisions based on raw data collected from various sources. Includes knowledge of techniques using algorithms that derive insights or trends from that data to support decision-making processes.
QlikView Expressor;The computer program QlikView Expressor is a tool for integration of information from multiple applications, created and maintained by organisations, into one consistent and transparent data structure, developed by the software company Qlik.
maintain equipment for non-alcoholic drinks;Operate and care for the coffee and espresso machine and blending and juicing equipment. Thoroughly clean the machinery at the end of each business day.
use online conventions of netiquette;Apply behavioural norms and know-how while using digital technologies and interacting in digital environments. Adapt communication strategies to the specific audience and be aware of cultural and generational diversity in digital environments.
develop immigration policies;Develop strategies for improved efficiency in immigration and asylum procedures, as well as strategies aiming to end irregular migration and establishing sanctions for those facilitating irregular migration.
transport visitors;Drive motorised vehicles to transport visitors to events and tour site locations.
write Albanian;Compose written texts in Albanian.
attend dress fittings;Go to dress fittings so the designer can alter garments according to your body shape.
monitor maritime operations;"Monitor maritime activities, materials and surroundings. Review information from materials, events or the environment; identify and assess problems and communicate with ship captains."
cooperate to resolve information issues;Meet up and communicate with managers, salesmen, and others to facilitate cooperation and resolve problems.
analyse a script;Break down a script by analysing the dramaturgy, form, themes and structure of a script. Conduct relevant research if necessary.
follow safety precautions in printing;Apply safety and health principles, policies and institutional regulations of working in printing production. Protect oneself and others against such hazards as chemicals used in printing, invasive allergens, heat, and disease causing agents.
operate press-in pile driver;Operate a press-in pile driver, which presses piles into the ground in a smooth, continuous movement to provide stability for structures while producing minimal noise and vibrations.
implement safety management systems;Implement safety management systems in accordance with the frameworks of the state related to aviation, such as flying aeroplanes and helicopters, design of aeroplanes, and provision of air traffic services.
operate GPS systems;Use GPS Systems.
install electricity meter;Place an electricity meter connecting the building to the electrical grid. The meter measures the amount of electricity used. Connect the appropriate wires to the electricity meter and configure the device.
interpret evoked potentials records;Record responses from both the peripheral and central nervous system in response to exogenous stimulation, analysing and interpreting the evoked potentials.
examine the conditions of buildings;Monitor and assess the conditions of buildings in order to detect faults, structural problems, and damages. Assess general building cleanliness for grounds maintenance and real estate purposes.
European Structural and Investment Funds regulations;The regulations and secondary legislation and policy documents governing the European Structural and Investment Funds, including the set of common general provisions and the regulations applicable to the different funds. It includes knowledge of the related national legal acts.
manage factory operations;Supervise factory operations, planning, formulating, organising, controlling. and directing factory production activities.
create designs for pipeline engineering;Design pipeline infrastructure considering engineering principles. Create blueprints, measure sites, define materials, and present functional proposals for their construction.
operate printing machinery;Operate machinery for various types of printed documents, adjusting the font, paper size, and weight. This allows ascenders and descenders to be correctly placed.
measure interior space;Calculate measurements of the interiors size in addition to the materials and objects that will be used.
lift safety mechanisms;The various mechanisms to prevent a lift from falling. Lift governor operation and safety brake operation mechanisms.
install concentrated solar power systems;Install systems which use reflective materials, such as lenses and mirrors, and tracking systems to concentrate sunlight into a beam, which powers an electrical power plant through its heat generation.
business process modelling;The tools, methods and notations such as Business Process Model and Notation (BPMN) and Business Process Execution Language (BPEL), used to describe and analyse the characteristics of a business process and model its further development.
advise on long-term care for animals;Develop plans for long-term care for animals, including consideration of environmental factors. Advise animal owners on long-term care.
develop medical device test procedures;Develop testing protocols to enable a variety of analyses of medical devices and components before, during, and after the building of the medical device.
store goods;Arrange and store goods in areas outside of customers display.
develop international cooperation strategies;Develop plans which ensure a cooperation between international public organisations such as researching different international organisations and their goals and assessing possible alignment with other organisations.
schedule audiologist appointments;Schedule the appointments for an audiologists patients.
create event-specific menus;Develop menu items for special events and occasions such as banquets, conventions and catered business meetings.
maintain test equipment;Maintain equipment used for testing the quality of systems and products.
put up signs;Put up signs using a posthole digger, shovel, tamper, and other manual tools.
operate plastic machinery;Operate machines and equipment used for creating plastic parts and products such as injection, extrusion, compression or blow moulding machines.
use customer relationship management software;Use specialised software to manage company’s interactions with current and future customers. Organise, automate and synchronise sales, marketing, customer service, and technical support, to increase targeted sales.
promote healthy lifestyle;Provide information to clients about the role of physical activity, modes of exercise and related services and the importance of healthy activities for daily living.
ensure annual safety inspections;"Ensure that an annual safety inspection takes place; submit inspection report to CAA."
promote the transfer of knowledge;Deploy broad awareness of processes of knowledge valorisation aimed to maximise the two–way flow of technology, intellectual property, expertise and capability between the research base and industry or the public sector.
operate water-heating equipment;Operate water-heating equipment, such as electrical equipment, heat exchangers, heat pumps and solar heaters.
determine train operational safety actions;"Decide on train operational safety actions after having received information on the facts of a situation. Analyse the information, make sound judgements, create feasible scenarios using logic; take the best possible decision within given situation."
apply safety management;Apply and supervise measures and regulations concerning security and safety in order to maintain a safe environment in the workplace.
promote the safeguarding of young people;Understand safeguarding and what should be done in cases of actual or potential harm or abuse.
contact lens fitting techniques;The techniques and tools used to fit contact lenses.
appreciate diverse cultural and artistic expression;Demonstrate asthetic sensibility, interest for and opennes to cultural expressions from different cultural backgrounds.
barbering techniques;The various techniques used for cutting and grooming male hairstyles and beards, such as shaping, graduating, and blending.
assist clients with personal development;Help clients determine what they want to do with their lives and assist in setting personal and professional goals, by prioritising and planning the steps necessary to reach these goals.
advise on pest infestation prevention;Provide advice and information to clients on how to prevent future pests and related infestation in their home, office or other public or private spaces.
mount clock wheelwork;Mount the wheelwork components of clocks and watches and attach with screws.
furniture care products;The products used to clean and maintain the quality of furniture in the cleaning process such as furniture cleaners, wax, polish or oil.
apply precision metalworking techniques;Comply with precision standards specific to an organisation or product in metalworking, involved in processes such as engraving, precise cutting, welding.
tend weaving machines;Operate weaving machines keeping efficiency and productivity at high levels.
interact verbally in Slovenian;Communicate orally in Slovenian.
define artistic performance concepts;Elucidate performance concepts, such as texts and scores for performers.
variety of tobacco leaves;Types of tobacco cultivars and varieties and their characteristics. Connection of attributes with cigar or cigarettes product requirements.
perform dental hygiene interventions;Intervene in dental hygiene to eliminate and control local etiologic factors, in order to prevent caries, periodontal diseases and other oral conditions, or control them when they occur according to the dentist`s directions and under the dentist`s supervision.
remove bead straps;Stop the machine and use a wire pick to remove beads and unclog the bushings.
convert currency;Convert valuta from one currency to another at a financial institution such as a bank at the right exchange rate.
classical antiquity;The period in history marked by ancient Greek and ancient Roman cultures, before the Middle Ages.
install wood heater;Install heaters that burn wood or pulp-based pellets to generate heat. Attach any ducts and install an exhaust pipe. Configure the wood heater if it contains an electronic control unit.
comply with quality standards related to healthcare practice;Apply quality standards related to risk management, safety procedures, patients feedback, screening and medical devices in daily practice, as they are recognized by the national professional associations and authorities.
sanitation measures for aquaculture hatchery production;Standards of sanitation and cleanliness essential to effective control of fungi and other parasites under intensive culture conditions.
develop occupational classification systems;Design, modify and maintain systems that provide an organised collection of job descriptions.
fabric spreading in the fashion industry;Preparatory operation for cutting textile pieces which consists of laying piles of cloth on top of the other in a pre-determined direction and relationship between the right and the wrong side of the cloth.
monitor operations in the leather industry;Collect key system performance of leather production at periodic intervals or at the end of some specific phases of the leather process, in order to detect and record the operation of machines and systems and monitor that the process follows the product and production requirements.
sell clothing items to customers;sell clothing items and accessories, according to the customers personal preferences.
analyse transport studies;Interpret data from transport studies dealing with transport planning, management, operations and engineering.
roasting coffee;Craft and science of roasting coffee.
covert slivers into thread;Convert slivers into yarns or threads by combing processes converting drafting card sliver to combed sliver. Form short fibre to yarn using yarn and thread processing technologies, mostly ring spinning or open-end spinning (rotor spinning) or alternative spinning techniques. Work in the drafting or drawing process converting sliver into roving and converting roving into yarn, through further drafting and twisting processes. Work on winding machines to reel the yarn from bobbins onto spools or cones.
lead a team in water management;Direct a team in water management projects and guide each other to the common goal of completing and fulfilling a variety of assignments and tasks.
resource description framework query language;The query languages such as SPARQL which are used to retrieve and manipulate data stored in Resource Description Framework format (RDF).
supervise biofilter systems;Supervise biofilter systems used to control water and air pollution.
survive at sea in the event of ship abandonment;Identify muster signals and what emergencies they signal. Comply with established procedures. Don and use a lifejacket or an immersion suit. Safely jump into the water from a height. Swim and right an inverted liferaft while wearing a swim while wearing a lifejacket. Keep afloat without a lifejacket. Board a survival craft from the ship, or from the water while wearing a lifejacket. Take initial actions on boarding survival craft to enhance chance of survival. Stream a drogue or sea-anchor. Operate survival craft equipment. Operate location devices, including radio equipment.
grade lumber;Grade the quality of milled or rough-sawed lumber for irregularities, to ensure specified dimensions.
evacuate people from buildings;Evacuate a person from a dangerous building or situation for protection purposes, ensuring the victim reaches safety and is able to receive medical care if necessary.
evaluate mineral resources;Search for mineral resources, including minerals, oil, natural gas and similar non-regenerative resources after obtaining legal rights to explore in a specific area. Endorse the assessment of the mineral reserves.
maintain vehicle delivery documentation;Ensure that vehicle delivery documents are made up accurately and on time.
CoffeeScript;The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in CoffeeScript.
calculate compensation payments;Calculate the amount due by the insurance company in case of a legitimate claim, authorise the financial transfer and address reclamations to other insurance companies if needed.
manage athletes touring abroad;Plan, coordinate and evaluate international tours for athletes.
operate vibratory pile hammer;Operate a vibratory pile driver, which uses a pair of rotating weights inside an exciter unit to create strong vertical vibrations. Attach sheet pile to the exciter unit or place the unit over any other type of piles. Set the pile driver to either drive the pile into the ground, or extract it.
cancer risks;The risk factors related to cancer such as smoking, HIV, radiation, obesity, alcohol, environmental causes and diet.
financial analysis;The process of assessing the financial possibilities, means, and status of an organisation or individual by analysing financial statements and reports in order to make well informed business or financial decisions.
maintain anaesthetic machinery;Check and maintain anaesthetic and life support machines to ensure full functionality in the operating room during the procedures.
contribute to the safeguarding of children;Understand, apply and follow safeguarding principles, engage professionally with children and work within the boundaries of personal responsibilities.
decide quantity of explosives required;Calculate the exact amount of explosives needed, based on the amount of material that needs to be removed, budgetary constraints and noise concerns.
watershed development;The study of the relevant characteristics of a watershed aimed at the sustainable distribution of its resources and the process of creating and implementing plans, programs, and projects to sustain and enhance watershed functions that affect the plant, animal and human communities within a watershed boundary.
relate empathetically;Recognise, understand and share emotions and insights experienced by another.
Objective-C;The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in Objective-C.
perform PESTEL analysis;Analyse political, economic, social, technological, environmental and legal factors to identify the external aspects that influence an organisation, and therefore, could have an impact on the objectives, planning or execution of projects.
monitor electroplating baths;Control the temperature and changing composition of the solution composed of different chemical components and used to cover a surface with a thin layer of metal.
healthcare data systems;The types of systems that manage and maintain healthcare user data.
computer equipment;The offered computers, computer peripheral equipment and software products, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
adjust fermentation processes;Perform the scaling-up or scaling-down of the fermentation processes according to the situation.
maintain relationships with mining stakeholders;Communicate on minerals issues with contractors, politicians and public officials. Promote trust and integrity in order to protect company’s assets and financial position.
understand spoken Lithuanian;Comprehend orally expressed Lithuanian.
operate railway switches;Operate railroad switches to control the direction of trains in order to route them to their destinations.
understand written Marathi;Read and comprehend written texts in Marathi.
printing media;Specific techniques related to various printing surfaces such plastics, metal, glass, textiles, wood, and paper.
simulate mechatronic design concepts;Simulate mechatronic design concepts through creating mechanical models and performing tolerance analysis.
specialist nursing care;The analysis of complex clinical problems, the diagnosis, initiation and evaluation treatment for patients in a multi-professional arena, within the field of specialisation.
submit preliminary artwork;Submit preliminary artwork or art project plans to clients for approval, leaving room for additional suggestions and changes.
illegal substances;The forbidden substances which cannot be transported from one area to another, or carried by an individual, as well as their nature and how to handle them.
accounting entries;The financial transactions recorded in accounting systems or books of a company together with the metadata linked to the entry such as the date, the amount, the accounts affected, and a description of the transaction.
understand spoken Basque;Comprehend orally expressed Basque.
welcome restaurant guests;Greet guests and take them to their tables and make sure they are properly seated at a convenient table.
critique other writers;Criticise the output of other writers, including sometimes providing coaching and mentoring services.
transfer fish;Transfer fully grown fish to a body of water, using a tank truck.
cost metrics;"Know various routing protocols to calculate itineraries; compare different possible routes and determine the most efficient one. Understand topological and link-state databases."
engage with stakeholders;Use a variety of processes that result in mutually negotiated agreements, shared understandings and consensus building. Build partnerships within the work context.
health education;The factors affecting health and of the educational approach to assisting people to make healthy life choices.
liaise with quality assurance;Work closely with the relevant quality assurance or grading party involved.
assess music therapy sessions;Review and assess music therapy sessions to monitor their effectiveness and to facilitate the planning of any subsequent sessions.
polish windshields;Polish replaced or repaired windshield or window glass of motor vehicles by using polish and a cloth.
paint spraying techniques;Field of information which distinguishes different kinds of paint spraying equipment and spraying techniques., and the order in which parts should be spray-painted.
prepare scientific reports;Prepare reports that describe results and processes of scientific or technical research, or assess its progress. These reports help researchers to keep up to date with recent findings.
pour molten metal into cores;"Pour molten steel or metal into cores; operate by hand, for example or by using cranes."
understand the needs of animals;Learn and understand the needs of an animal and practice concern for its well-being, no matter how small the task.
control aquatic production environment;Assess the impact of biological conditions such as algae and fouling organisms by managing water intakes, catchments and oxygen use.
information governance compliance;The policies regarding processes and procedures for use of information, the balance between information availability and information security and IPR (Intellectual Property Rights) and personal data protection.
implement the airside safety auditing system;Implement airside safety auditing system for operational departments.
intermodal options;Know current and future intermodal options and alternatives such as the piggybacking system, the road-rail system, fishy back system, birdyback systems, low body systems or the push-pull cargo sprinter.
adjust voltage;Adjust voltage in electrical equipment.
ensure vessel compliance with regulations;"Inspect vessels, vessel components, and equipment; ensure compliance with standards and specifications."
remove glass from windows;Remove glass from windows without causing damage. Inspect the windows and take the necessary steps, like removing putty and prying out glazers points. Recover the pane in one piece and clean it if called for.
park vehicles in depot;Park the vehicles used for professional activities in the designated area of vehicle storage after use, in a safe manner compliant with regulations.
perform routine maintenance on railway engines;Perform routine tasks to maintain railway engines, such as replacing oil and lubricating engines.
manage acute oncology patients;Handle acutely ill patients with side-effects of radiotherapy, chemotherapy and metastatic spinal cord compression and manage new cancer patients presenting for the first time as an emergency.
establish green roof;Establish vegetation on roofs, takinig into account water and drainage, filters and soil. Plant suitable grasses, and possibly bushes and trees. Establish the green roof with regards to health and safety regulations.
ABBYY FineReader;The computer program ABBYY FineReader is software that electronically converts printed and typed images into machine-encoded text so that documents can be electronically stored, edited and digitally displayed.
maintain vessel technical equipment according to instructions;Operate and maintain technical equipment and devices according to technical instructions.
interact verbally in Greek;Communicate orally in Greek.
check subjects;Gather and check all relevant information on a person, company or other subject in the context of an investigation.
operate lacquer spray gun;Operate a semi-automatic or handheld spray gun designed to provide the surface of a workpiece with a hard, durable finishing coat, safely and according to regulations.
think abstractly;Demonstrate the ability to use concepts in order to make and understand generalisations, and relate or connect them to other items, events, or experiences.
repair hearing aids;Perform basic repairs, replacements and adjustments to hearing aids at the customers specific request.
educate healthcare users on nutrition;Help healthcare users and caregivers with choosing meals from a modified therapeutic selective menu, explaining nutritional principles, dietary plans and diet modifications, food selection and preparation and providing and explaining materials and publications to support the nutrition care plan.
cope with blood;Cope with blood, organs, and other internal parts without feeling distressed.
use caulking tools;Use caulking mallet and iron to drive oakum (hemp fibers soaked in pine tar) into the seam between planks to make boats watertight.
livestock farming systems;The allocation of farming resources in relation to livestock farming and husbandry systems.
make critical decisions regarding the processing of food;Take responsibility to make critical decisions regarding the production of food and the quality of produced goods.
professional documentation in health care;The written standards applied in the health care professional environments for documentation purposes of one`s activity.
monitor nuclear power plant systems;Control nuclear plant systems, such as ventilation and water draining systems, to ensure proper functioning and identify irregularities.
weld mining machinery;Cut and weld pieces of metal in order to repair broken metal parts, or to assemble new parts.
monitor operations of cleaning machines;"Monitor the operation of cleaning equipment; stop machines or immediately notify supervisors should incidents or malfunctions occur."
prepare vehicles for painting;Set up vehicles for standard or custom paint job. Prepare painting equipment and cover vehicle parts that should be protected from paint.
record multi-track sound;Recording and mixing audio signals from different sound sources on a multi-track recorder.
write musical scores;Write musical scores for orchestras, ensembles or individual instrumentalists using knowledge of music theory and history. Apply instrumental and vocal capabilities.
support service users to use technological aids;Work with individuals to identify appropriate aids, supporting them to use specific technological aids and review their effectiveness.
watch video and motion picture production products;Watch films and television broadcasts closely and with attention to detail to give your objective view on them.
manage capsule rings;Manage the filling of capsule rings with empty capsules, uncoupling the rings when the lower half of capsules is filled with powdered medicine, recoupling the rings and inserting them into closing and ejecting forks.
liaise with guest facilities providers;Communicate with hotel personnel, transport companies and other relevant services well before arrival and ensure everything is accurately planned beforehand.
develop components separation processes;Develop new processes using controlled chemical processes in order to perform liquid or gases components separation or to generate electrical currents.
communicate with elderly groups;Use verbal and non-verbal communication and communicate with groups of elderly persons through writing, electronic means, or drawing. Listen carefully and adapt the communication to older peoples age, needs, characteristics, abilities, preferences, and culture.
rubber technology;Rubber characteristics and compounding methodology that allow elaboration on different rubber types and micro/macro properties of rubber compounds.
use CAE software;Work with computer-aided engineering (CAE) tools to perform analysis tasks such as Finite Element Analysis and Computational Fluid Dynamics.
interpret urology diagnostic tests;Perform diagnostic procedures relevant to urology such as urinalysis, semen analysis, prostatic fluid examination, ultrasonography of the bladder, kidneys, and prostate.
respond to changing navigation circumstances;Respond decisively and in sufficient time to unexpected and rapidly changing situations while navigating.
manage relationships with artists;Develop relationships with artists new to the gallery, and extend existing relationships with established artists.
Slovenian;The Slovenian language. Slovenian is an official and working language of the EU.
maintain water distribution equipment;Perform routine maintenance tasks, identify flaws, and perform repairs on the equipment used in the supply and distribution of clean water.
anodising specifications;The various specifications used in the anodising process, three of which are types of aluminium anodisation (chromic acid anodising, sulfric acid anodising and sulfric acid hardcoat anodising), but also non-aluminium based types such as phosphoric acid anodising, organic acid anodising, plasma electrolytic oxidation, and borate and tartrate baths.
operate nail gun;Use a mechanical tool to fasten parts together by hammering nails into wood or other materials. The nails are ejected by compressed air, electromagnetism or other forces.
draft music cue breakdown;Draft a cue breakdown by rewriting the script from a musical point of view, helping the composer to estimate the tempo and meter of the score.
process qualitative information;Compile, code, categorise, calculate, tabulate, audit or verify qualitative information.
channel marketing;The strategies and practices, including channel sales, that involve distributing products directly and indirectly through partners in order to bring the products to the end consumer.
prepare containers for beverage distillation;Prepare containers or drums for beverage distillation. Prepare equipment for the process of purification and removal of diluting components like water, for the purpose of increasing its proportion of alcohol content.
maintain safe working conditions in performing arts;Verify the technical aspects of your workspace, costumes, props, etc. Eliminate potential hazards in your work space or performance. Intervene actively in cases of accidents or illness.
conduct re-tanning operations;Conduct re-tanning operations to produce a further stabilisation of the collagen network.
offshore constructions and facilities;Structures and facilities installed in a marine environment, usually for the production and transmission of electricity, oil, gas and other resources.
carry out geological explorations;Perform exploration activities for mines and fields with the aim of analysing the properties of the area and finding minerals.
Gujarati;The Gujarati language.
help document artistic work at all stages;Document the artistic work for later reference. Produce audiovisual documents. Write documents such as rehearsal notes, cast lists and cue lists. Write a choreographic notation if relevant. Preserve documents related to the creation and production of the work, etc.
maintain the greenhouse;Perform maintenance work on greenhouses. Clean greenhouse windows, drains and gutters.
operate slaughterhouse equipment;Operate slaughterhouse equipment for slaughtering warm-blooded animals, such as stunning equipment and gut room equipment. Use the equipment according to the requirements.
identify requirements of the work;Identify the expectations of the choreographer and artistic director. Identify physical, musical, theatrical and vocal requirements, related to the artistic work, fight action, set and stage, etc.
recirculation systems;The characteristics and functioning of complex circulation, aeration and biofilter systems.
lay out digital written content;Lay out pages by selecting sizes, styles and entering text and graphics into computer systems.
clean kitchen equipment;Disinfect kitchen equipment, utensils and other facilities such as trolleys and hot cupboards.
clean stalls;Clean stalls to remove all soiled bedding to prevent moisture and fumes from building up and to cut down on potential parasite problems.
maintain mine machinery;Inspect and conduct planned maintenance of mining equipment. Execute routine repairs and replace damaged components. Analyse test results and interpret machine error messages. Undertake maintenance activities such as cleaning and lubricating components.
handle fish products;Handle fish with care and hygiene required to maintain quality. Adequately prepare fish products for storage.
manage publicly traded companies;Manage companies participating in the financial market with all the implications it brings such as valuation of the company based on the market, scrutiny by regulatory organisations, disclosure of financial statements, and duty to external investors.
allocate keys;Assign keys to visitors or occupants or replace lost keys for clients.
memorise large amounts of information;Retain large amounts of information and take notes for accurate interpretation.
tend hot rolling mill;Tend a rolling mill designed for forming hot metal whilst right above its recrystallisation temperature after casting, monitor and operate it, according to regulations.
beer downstream processing;The process of beer post-fermentation, including maturation and filtration.
remove coating;Remove the thin layer made of paint, lacquer, metal or other elements covering an object through chemical, mechanical or other processes.
functionalities of machinery;The machinery and equipment used and, in particular, the characteristics regarding functioning and calibration to ensure compliance with quality and product specifications, as well as the operators safety.
maintain vehicle service;"Monitor the health of vehicles and take measures to optimise service and execute repairs; communicate with service workshop and dealers."
design window and glazing systems;Design window/glazing system for optimal comfort and energy performance. Evaluate and design optimal shading system and its control strategy.
health care system;The structure and function of health care services.
supervise food quality;Oversee the quality and safety of food served to visitors and customers according to food standards.
use rope access techniques;Apply ropework to work in elevated position. Safely ascend and descend ropes, wearing a harness.
conduct water navigation;Ensure that a vessel carries up to date and adequate charts and appropriate nautical documents. Lead the process of preparing the voyage report, the vessel passage plan, daily position reports, and the pilots information sheet.
organise resources for artistic production;Coordinate human, material and capital resources within artistic productions, based on the given documentation e.g. scripts.
evaluation of psychological performance;The characteristics of the methods used to assess psychological parameters.
use gemstone identification equipment;Operate equipment to identify gemstones such as scales, refractometer, and spectroscope.
procurement legislation;The procurement legislation at national and European level, as well as adjacent areas of law and their implications for public procurement.
drive motor vehicle prototypes;Drive experimental or prototypes of motor vehicles to acquire information on performance.
prepare mould for vacuum forming;Make sure the mould is set securely in place for the vacuum forming process. Verify that the mould is adequate, and that all cavities to be filled are exposed to the vacuum power.
acute care;The type of care administered to patients for a brief and critical sequence of illness such as trauma or recovery from surgery.
compass navigation;The monitoring of movement from a starting to a finishing point using a compass, rotated until the compass orienting arrow aligns with the cardinal direction north represented by an N.
develop scientific research protocols;Develop and record the procedural method used for a specific scientific experiment in order to enable its replication.
meet the requirements of social security reimbursement bodies;Ensure that the sessions are compliant with the requirements of the national social security bodies and that reimbursements are acceptable.
review distribution management procedures;Develop and review distribution procedures in order to minimise expenditures and maximise customer satisfaction.
JavaScript Framework;The JavaScript software development environments which provide specific features and components ( such as HTML generation tools, Canvas support or Visual design) that support and guide JavaScript web applications development.
fit dental appliances;Fit dental appliances in the patient`s mouth to alter the position of teeth and jaws or realign teeth.
perform farm equipment hygiene;Clean and sanitise equipment used in milking: milk storage tanks, collection cups, and udders of the animals. Ensure that procedures for the sanitary handling of milk are followed.
design circuits using CAD;"Draught sketches and design electronic circuitry; utilise Computer Aided Design (CAD) software and equipment."
balance database resources;Stabilise the workload and resources of a database, by controlling the demand of transactions, allocating disk spaces and ensuring reliability of the servers in order to optimise cost and risk ratio.
fruit and vegetable products;The offered fruit and vegetable products, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
tend lime-kiln;Tend the lime-kiln and related equipment to burn limestone in order to produce carbon dioxide or lime.
coordinate remote communications;Direct network and radio communications between different operational units. Receive and transfer further radio or telecom messages or calls. These might include messages from the public, or the emergency services.
execute sports training programme;Supervise a sports training programme for individuals or groups by following the training plan, giving instructions on how to execute exercises, providing feedback on the performance on a technical and tactical level.
strip wire;Strip the wire ends using wire strippers to ensure proper connections.
control objectives for information and related technology;The risk and controls framework such as Control Objectives for Information and Related Technology (COBIT), which supports decision makers to resolve the gap between business risks, requirements and technical issues.
advise on legal decisions;Advise judges, or other officials in legal decision-making positions, on which decision would be right, compliant with the law and with moral considerations, or most advantageous for the advisers client, in a specific case.
train staff in beer knowledge;Develop beer lists, and provide beer service and training to the other restaurant staff.
operate veneer slicer;Set up and monitor the machine used to cut off thin layers of wood from logs with a moving blade.
implement procurement of innovation;Develop innovation procurement strategies to drive innovation from the demand side, considering forward-looking and alternative solutions that involve either buying the process of innovation or buying the outcomes of innovation created by others. Take into account the innovation objectives of the organisation and related national policies, as well as the available tools and techniques for incorporating these into the procurement process.
3D body scanning technologies;The principles and usage of technologies for 3D body scanning used to capture the size and shape of the human body.
electroform;Electroform music or computer data from a glass master on a nickel submaster in a chemical bath.
recommend cosmetics to customers;Recommend and provide advice on cosmetic products based on the customers personal preferences and needs and on the different product types and brands available.
understand written Swedish;Read and comprehend written texts in Swedish.
follow reporting procedures;Apply and follow the procedures for reporting any damage, breakages and/or complaints or disagreements to the appropriate supervisory authority.
design electric power systems;Construct generation plants, distribution stations and systems and transmission lines to get energy and new technology where it needs to go. Use high tech equipment, research, maintenance and repair to keep these systems running. Further design and plan layout of the buildings to be constructed.
conduct participatory research;Participate in the daily operations of a group of people or community in order to uncover the complex workings of the community, their principles, ideas, and beliefs.
identify pricing opportunities;Adapt prices to maximize revenue, including price-marked packs, for brand performance and business development.
organise costume fittings;Organise fitting sessions for the actors and decide on the required actions. Assign the right size costume to each actor.
mini wind power generation;Mini wind turbines for electricity generation on-site (on roofs etc.), and their contribution to energy performance.
write railway investigation reports;On completion of an investigation, the railway investigator, in consultation with industry stakeholders, safety authorities, individuals and any other parties involved in the investigation, composes a report summarising the finding for those in need of recommendations.
demonstrate willingness to learn;Show a positive attitude towards new and challenging demands that can only be met via lifelong learning.
work in a multicultural environment in fishery;Interact and communicate with individuals and groups from different cultures and backgrounds in fishery operations.
prepare digital art for master photograph;Assemble, typeset, scan and produce digital art ready to be photographed as a master copy.
support public access to exhibitions;Work with the staff of the education and visitor services, assist in improving communication to support public access to the exhibition. Contribute to the promotion of these projects and to related publications.
mechanical engineering;Discipline that applies principles of physics, engineering and materials science to design, analyse, manufacture and maintain mechanical systems.
design microclimates in buildings;Discuss and evaluate climatic and local conditions on the site for application of optimal passive strategies (micro and macro climate). Combine several design strategies, including the main passive design strategies, and evaluate their performance as a whole building energy concept.
manage backlogs;Manage work control status and backlogs to ensure completion of work orders.
use equipment, tools or technology with precision;Use workpieces, tools, precision instrumentation or equipment independently to carry out manual activities, with or without minimal training.
heed the altering anodising properties;Heed the possible alteration of the metal workpiece during the anodising process, such as the expanding thickness of the raised metal surface, when setting up the machining dimension and allow it the necessary space.
primary care;The regular, routine medical care provided to patients, usually performed by a physician or a nurse, that leads to a decision on the following course of action required to solve the health problem of the patient.
operate call distribution system;Apply assigning methods (mostly used in call centres) to provide clients with the best possible service by connecting them with the most suitable agent.
maintain prostheses;Maintain performance prostheses to keep them in good condition for as long as possible.
create landscape designs;Use creative ideas to conceptualize landscape projects by making designs, drawings and sketches. These designs consist of parks, highways or walkways and try to create a public functional area.
spray pesticides;Spray pesticide solutions to keep insects, fungus, weed growth, and diseases under control.
liaise with educational institutions;Communication and cooperation for the supply of study materials (e.g. books) to educational institutions.
maintain power plants;Repair and perform routine maintenance on equipment and systems in power plants to ensure that everything functions safely and is compliant with legislation.
assess vessel status;Assess the status of the operating radar, satellite, and computer systems of a vessel. Monitor speed, current position, direction, and weather conditions while carrying out watch duties.
draw up instrument setup;Document musical instrument setup.
id Tech;The game engine id Tech which is a software framework that consists of integrated development environments and specialised design tools, designed for the rapid iteration of user-derived computer games.
maintain workshop space;Keep your workshop space in working order and clean.
approve packaging design;Give consent for new packaging models to be released.
flood remediation equipment;The operation of the necessary tools and equipment used in flood damage and remediation activities, such as pumping flooded properties.
fine-needle aspiration;The type of biopsy through which a thin needle is inserted into an area of body tissue and analysed in the laboratory to determine whether the tissue is benign or malignant.
philanthropy;The private activities supporting social causes on a large scale, often by donating large sums of money. These donations are usually made by wealthy individuals to a range of organisations to help them in their activities. Philanthropy aims at finding and tackling root causes of social problems rather than responding to consequences on the short term.
types of plastic;Types of plastic materials and their chemical composition, physical properties, possible issues and usage cases.
memorise script;Memorise a set of lines or specific information in order to convey it correctly to a target audience.
plan marketing campaigns;Develop a method to promote a product through different channels, such as television, radio, print and online platforms, social media with the aim to communicate and deliver value to customers.
dry wood;Adjust machine settings to adapt drying processes, drying times, and special treatments to the requirements of the requested wood to be dried.
engage the audience emotionally;Create an emotional connection with the audience through your performance. Engage the audience with sadness, humour, anger, any other emotion, or a combination thereof, and let them share your experience.
manoeuvere and load small vessel;Manoeuver the vessel in accordance with established rules and respecting maritime seamanship in order to preserve safety. Manage safely the mechanical elements in the loading, unloading, docking, undocking and mooring for optimal performance of the operations. Organise and direct the manoeuvers for shipwrecked search and rescue operations at sea. Execute loading and unloading operations, complying with established safety regulation to control the stability and trim of the ship.
manage pest and weed control;Manage pest and weeds manually or by machine with the use of biological or chemicals
fit ceiling tiles;Attach ceiling tiles to an existing ceiling to mask imperfections, provide visual interest, or change the physical characteristics of the room.
inspect capsules;Inspect, according to specification sheet, the finished capsules in order to detect any weight mismatch, any breakage or defective filling.
advise on cultural exhibitions;Work closely with professionals in the arts and cultural industry such as museum directors, to advise in specific content and programme for an exhibition or artistic project.
analyse milled cocoa density;Analyse milled cocoa density according to the requirements and product specifications. Apply findings to determine how much milling is needed to obtain the required fineness of the cocoa.
variety of apples;Variety of apples ranging from sweet to sour and their colours, shapes, and uses.
manage performance light quality;Perform light checks and adjust for optimal light quality before and during performance.
rig lights;Rig, connect, try out and de-rig lighting equipment.
solar absorption cooling system;Solar absorption cooling is a heat-activated cooling system based on a solution absorption process. It contributes to energy performance.
sterilise workpieces;Remove dirt from workpieces or specialised machines.
handover the food preparation area;Leave the kitchen area in conditions which follow safe and secure procedures, so that it is ready for the next shift.
adolescent psychological development;Understand the developments and the development needs of children and young persons, observing the behaviour and the attachment relationships in order to detect developmental delay.
microassembly;The assembly of nano, micro or mesoscale systems and components with dimensions between 1 µm to 1 mm. Because of the need for precision on a microscale, micro assemblies require reliable visual alignment equipment, such as ion beam imaging systems and stereo electronic microscopes, as well as precision tools and machines, such as microgrippers. The microsystems are assembled according to techniques of doping, thin films, etching, bonding, microlithography, and polishing.
post-secondary school procedures;The inner workings of a post-secondary school, such as the structure of the relevant education support and management, the policies, and the regulations.
interact verbally in Limburgish;Communicate orally in ?Limburgish.
edit digital moving images;Use specialised software to edit video images for use in an artistic production.
ICT software specifications;The characteristics, use and operations of various software products such as computer programmes and application software.
obtain information on various nautical subjects;Obtain information on various nautical technical and safety subjects.
estimate costs of installing telecommunication devices;Estimate the total installation costs of telecommunication devices such as modems, routers, analogue switches, optical fibre, and landline phones.
standards of track geometry;Have a thorough understanding of the characteristics and requirements of track geometry in terms of horizontal and vertical alignment, in relation to curvature and line speeds.
oversee excavation;Oversee the excavation of fossils and other archaeological evidence at dig sites, ensuring conformity with standards and regulations.
types of deburring brush;Types of abrasive brushes used in the deburring process, their qualities and applications, such as a twisted-in-wire brush, tube brush, power brush, wheel brush, cup brush and mandrel mounted brush.
maintain solar energy systems;Test the performance of the solar panels, read the measuring meters to check electricity indicators, identify and remedy malfunctions, and clean the panels if necessary.
query languages;The field of standardised computer languages for retrieval of information from a database and of documents containing the needed information.
maintain concentration for long periods;Stay concentrated over a long period of time in order to make correct judgements and appropriate decisions.
meet commitments in hospitality;Fulfill tasks in hospitality such as the cleaning of uniforms and linen in a self-disciplined, reliable and goal-oriented manner.
immobilise patients for emergency intervention;Immobilise the patient using a backboard or other spinal immobilisation device, preparing the patient for stretcher and ambulance transport.
coordinate shipments of recycling materials;Coordinate and oversee shipments of recycling materials. Communicate with processing companies and shipping brokers.
examine dental models and impressions;Examine models and impressions of the patients` teeth in order to determine the design of dental products to be constructed.
data extraction, transformation and loading tools;The tools for integration of information from multiple applications, created and maintained by organisations, into one consistent and transparent data structure.
conduct ICT code review;Examine and review systematically computer source code to identify errors in any stage of development and to improve the overall software quality.
tools for software configuration management;The software programs to perform configuration identification, control, status accounting and audit, such as CVS, ClearCase, Subversion, GIT and TortoiseSVN perform this management.
develop reporting software;Create reporting software and applications used for creating reports on data.
maintain plant health;Manage and support overall plant health. Practice sustainable gardening techniques and integrated pest management in gardens both outdoor and indoor.
archaeobotany;The study of plant remains at archaeological sites to infer how past civilisations used their environment and to learn about available food sources.
add chemicals to drilling fluid;Add sacks of chemicals to drilling fluid to maintain a favourable composition, including pH level, viscosity and calcium level.
liaise with colleagues;Liaise with fellow colleagues to ensure common understanding on work related affairs and agree on the necessary compromises the parties might need to face. Negotiate compromises between parties as to ensure that work in general run efficiently towards the achievement of the objectives.
provide advice to emergency callers;Provide technical or practical advice to emergency callers prior to the arrival of the ambulance.
advise horse owners on farriery requirements;Discuss and agree the farriery and hoof care requirements of the equine with the responsible person.
create a work atmosphere of continuous improvement;Work with management practices such as continuous improvement, preventive maintenance. Pay attention to problem solving and teamwork principles.
urology;Urology is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
assist ambulance paramedics;Help ambulance paramedics by carrying out basic diagnostic procedures under their direct supervision, handling urgent hospital admissions and any other type of support needed by paramedics in order to manage emergency patients such as providing oxygen, stopping blood loss, treating minor fractures and wounds.
place gypsum blocks;Construct non-load bearing walls out of solid gypsum blocks. Choose the right thickness and sound insulation value and decide whether the wall needs to be resistant to water. Plan the wall, place the blocks, and glue them using gypsum adhesive. Check if the gypsum block wall is structurally sound.
develop technical glossaries;Organise technical terms used e.g. in scientific and legal settings into terminology databases and glossaries to aid future translations.
transpose designs to engravings;Examine diagrams, sketches, blueprints and samples, and calculate how they are to be engraved onto work pieces.
develop footwear and leather goods marketing plans;Be able to develop marketing plans and provide directions for marketing strategies of the company, as well as be able to identify potential markets and to perform marketing activities to promote the footwear products of the company.
demonstrate consideration;Act in an understanding and supportive manner that is sensitive to others needs and feelings.
pest control in plants;Types and features of pests in plants and crops. Different kinds of pest control methods, activities using conventional or biological methods taking into account the type of plant or crop, environmental and climate conditions and health and safety regulations. Storage and handling of products.
apply quality standards in youth services;Apply minimum standards and quality measures in youth services while upholding youth work values and principles. An example of such quality standards are described in the European Youth information charter and refer to principles such as independence, accessibility, inclusiveness, needs based, empowering, participative, ethical, professional and pro-active.
tend sweet making machines;Tend sweet making machines that blend sweet substances for candy manufacturing.
exchange money for chips;Exchange legal tender for gaming chips, tokens or ticket redemption.
install crane equipment;Install industrial or harbor crane equipment such as conveyor belts, controls, cables and winches and assemble the final product on site.
inspect agricultural fields;Inspect crops, fields, and plant stock to determine the need and timing for sowing, spraying, weeding, and harvesting.
manage payroll;Manage and be responsible for employees receiving their wages, review salaries and benefit plans and advise management on payroll and other employment conditions.
keep signs legible;Keep signs legible through all seasons. Ensure that signs relating to taxiing and holding remain clear to users.
introduce new employees;Give new employees a tour in the company, introduce them to the colleagues, explain them the corporate culture, routines and working methods and get them settled in their working place.
take measures against flammability;Take measures against fire. Liquor that contains 40% ABV will catch fire if heated to about 26 °C and if an ignition source is applied to it. The flash point of pure alcohol is 16.6 °C.
perform debt investigation;Use research techniques and tracing strategies to identify overdue payment arrangements and address them
supervise aquaculture circulation system;Supervise circulation and aeration systems applying water chemistry analysis.
develop security concepts;Develop prevention, security, and surveillance practices and concepts to fight against fraud and to enhance public security, crime prevention, and investigation.
assemble goods;Assemble goods coming from in manufacturing processes or in removing activities.
trading law;Field of law that states and regulates the affairs and legal practices for trading goods and services.
estimate amount of paint;Estimate total amount of paint required to cover certain areas.
keep airport runways clear of obstacles;Use sweepers, sweeping equipment, or integral sweeper-blowers to clear airport runways of any kind of debris, ranging from damaged pavement, stones from grass mowing, rubber from aircraft tires, dead birds, or metal parts from aircrafts.
effects of pesticides in food raw materials;Different types of pesticides used for food raw materials to control proper use of those substances preserving main characteristics of products.
present drinks menu;Acquaint guests with items on the drinks menu, make recommendations and answer questions regarding beverages.
keep personal administration;File and organise personal administration documents comprehensively.
prepare legislation proposition;Prepare the necessary documentation in order to propose a new item of legislation or a change to existing legislation, according to regulations.
provide livestock advice and guidance;Through observation and analysis on the farm, propose options, possible solutions, types and levels of advice required based on the customers needs and by using appropriate techniques and methods.
employ habitat survey techniques;Apply sampling strategies and employ a range of habitat survey techniques, such as Geographic Information Systems (GIS), Global Positioning Systems (GPS), aerial photography, records and maps.
find a replacement for stage manager;Take over tasks from the stage manager as required. Indicate key standby moments. Indicate when the house is open. Confirm that the performers are in position. Indicate the start of the performance. Indicate the entrances and exits of scenery elements when necessary.
solve ICT system problems;Identify potential component malfunctions. Monitor, document and communicate about incidents. Deploy appropriate resources with minimal outage and deploy appropriate diagnostic tools.
evaluate forensic data;Evaluate the data gathered during the forensic investigation of a crime scene or other scene where such investigation is necessary, in order to assess its usability for the ensuing investigation.
create thematic maps;Use various techniques such as choropleth mapping and dasymetric mapping to create thematic maps based on geospatial information, using software programmes.
liaise with suppliers of sporting equipment;Establish relationships with suppliers of recreational products and sporting equipment.
observe machine feed;Monitor pick up and feeding mechanisms to detect and remove defective pages from the binding machine.
assess cereal quality for brewing;Assessing barley variety, germination potential, moisture content, nitrogen content, and screening for grain size.
pack merchandise for gifts;Gift-wrap merchandise at the customers request.
use turning tools;Use turning tools such as gouges and chisels to skin off rounded areas or cut new shapes in the wood.
advise  on maintenance of parquet floors;Ensure that customers understand how to take proper care of their parquet floor. Advise them to protect the floor from scratches by padding chairs and other furniture with felt pads. Explain how to clean the floor and to avoid water.
recommend wines;Offer recommendations to customers on available wines and advise combinations of wines with specific dishes on the menu.
advise on archaeological sites;"Consult geological maps and data and analyse aerial photographs; provide advice on site selection and archaeological issues."
ensure correct signalling during rail maintenance;Ensure that the correct flag or signal system is in place during emergencies, maintenance activities, or whenever there is a need to re-route trains or other railroad vehicles.
set tolerances;Align tolerances while inserting and placing different parts to avoid tolerance discrepancy and misfits in assembly.
combination of textures;The combination of textures for new recipes or products.
business processes;Processes which an organisation applies to improve efficiency, set new objectives and reach goals in a profitable and timely manner.
perform laboratory investigations;Perform manual, semi-automated and fully automated laboratory investigations. Perform specialist investigations within defined service area accurately and efficiently.
perform procurement processes;Undertake ordering of services, equipment, goods or ingredients, compare costs and check the quality to ensure optimal payoff for the organisation.
monitor customer safety on apron;"Monitor passenger safety on apron and ramp area during boarding and deplaning; provide assistance to passengers."
obtain permits for use of public spaces;Liaise with city authorities to obtain permits for the use of public spaces for a variety of purposes.
supply machine;Ensure the machine is fed the necessary and adequate materials and control the placement or automatic feed and retrieval of work pieces in the machines or machine tools on the production line.
operate fish processing equipment;Operate equipment for canning, drying, freezing, smoking, high pressure processing of fish, or other types of processing of fish following established procedures.
animal reproductive system;The anatomy of the genital tract and the reproductive cycle of animals, animal physiology and endocrinology.
monitor mine production;Oversee mining production rates in order to estimate operational effectiveness.
advise customers on types of flowers;Provide customers with advice on types and varieties of plants and flowers, floral arrangements and decorations for specific occasions.
apply diplomatic crisis management;Deal with threats to the home nation before, during and after they have occurred in order to help bridge the gap between the home nation and foreign nations.
identify patients medical records;Locate, retrieve and present medical records, as requested by authorized medical personnel.
maintain air conditioning systems;Service and repair air conditioning systems on various types of Agricultural equipment including tractors and harvesters.
human anatomy;"The dynamic relationship of human structure and function and the muscosceletal, cardiovascular, respiratory, digestive, endocrine, urinary, reproductive, integumentary and nervous systems; normal and altered anatomy and physiology throughout the human lifespan."
use sound measuring instruments;Operate instruments such as transducers and sound level meters to measure noise levels in an environment in order to prevent noise pollution.
sexual disorders;The range of sexual disorders such as sexual aversion disorder, hypoactive sexual desire disorder, and vaginismus and the effects of medication on sexual function.
oversee cremations;Keep records on the cremations that are or will be executed and make sure that the cremated remains are identified correctly.
grade patterns for wearing apparel;Grading patterns by performing processes of resizing initial patterns in order to create nest of patterns to fit various body types and sizes.
observe glass under heat;Observe the characteristics of the glass already set into the kiln so that cracking, warping or blistering is avoided.
understand written Portuguese;Read and comprehend written texts in Portuguese.
database development tools;The methodologies and tools used for creating logical and physical structure of databases, such as logical data structures, diagrams, modelling methodologies and entity-relationships.
manage cargo handling;Manage safely the mechanical elements in the loading and unloading of cargo and stores. Organize stowing and unstowing of products to guarantee the stability of the vessel.
promote balance between rest and activity;Provide information about the role of rest and regeneration in the development of sport performance. Foster rest and regeneration by providing appropriate ratios of training, competition and rest.
data mining methods;Data mining techniques used to determine and analyse the relationship between different elements of economy and marketing.
tend hot extrusion machine;Tend an extrusion machine designed for forming hot metal whilst right above its recrystallisation temperature, monitor and operate it, according to regulations.
interact with fellow actors;Perform together with other actors. Anticipate their moves. React to their actions.
produce semiconductor crystals;Load raw semiconductor materials, such as polysilicon, into furnace. The resulting lake of melted silicon is then spun in a crucible and a silicon seed crystal is put into it while spinning in the opposite direction. When the melted polysilicon is allowed to cool, the seed crystal is slowly withdrawn. The result is a single semiconductor crystal with a diameter of approximately 200 millimeters.
assess offenders risk behaviour;Assess and monitor the behaviour of offenders to gauge whether they pose any further risk to society, and what their chances for positive rehabilitation are, by assessing the environment theyre in, the behaviour they show, and their efforts in rehabilitation activities.
maximise sales revenues;Increase possible sales volumes and avoid losses through cross-selling, upselling or promotion of additional services.
draw up costume patterns;Draw and cut out costume patterns using scissors and measuring instruments.
sell confectionery products;Sell pastries, candy, and chocolate products to customers
order construction supplies;Order required materials for the construction project, taking care to purchase the most suitable material for a good price.
manage membership;Ensure efficient internal processes and systems in order to manage membership and oversee the work related to it.
perform granulation equipment transfer;Perform the loading and unloading of granulation equipment.
test film processing machines;Use precision instruments to determine the proper operation of photographic film processing machines.
maintain vessel inventory;"Keep an up-to-date inventory for a vessel, including information on spare components, oil and fuel. Determine the amount of fuel that will be needed for a voyage; ensure that sufficient amounts of fuel are on board at all times."
assess oil hardness;Assess samples to make sure that hardness of oils are in accordance with specifications.
transfer aggregate;Transfer the aggregate into the correct bin, ensuring its level in the storage is according to specifications.
consult technical resources;Read and interpret technical resources such as digital or paper drawings and adjustment data in order to properly set up a machine or working tool, or to assemble mechanical equipment.
write Bengali;Compose written texts in Bengali.
monitor swimming-pool infrastructure;Monitor and inspect on a regular basis the condition of the swimming pool and its surrounding infrastructure, such as diving boards, ladders and floors.
maintain lighting equipment;Check, maintain and repair electrical, mechanical and optical lighting elements.
help determine the context in which the work will be presented;Propose the theatre, hall, other venue, or outdoors space where the performance will be shown. Determine the mode of presentation, the target audience, etc. Define the relationship with the audience.
types of waterways;Field of information which distinguishes different types of man-made waterways such as canals and dams.
monitor assessment;Monitoring the assessment process in the workplace or educational context.
operate jackhammer;Use a jackhammer, either manually or attached to a mobile piece of heavy equipment, to break up material.
enrich the key idea;By gathering information on the artistic aspect, historical aspects, sociological aspects or scientific aspects of the key idea, by brainstorming and sharing ideas, etc.
architectural theory;The principles underlying the various theories pertaining to architecture. The relationship between buildings and society, and the relationship between art and architecture. The theories surrounding the architects position in culture and society.
perform sight translation;Read documents aloud in a language different from the language in which the document is written.
provide advice on breaches of regulation;"Advise on preventive and corrective actions; correct any breaches of or non-compliance with legal regulations."
solar panel mounting systems;Different ways of setting up solar panels, such as pole mounting, where the panels are fixed to a surface, ballasted mounting, where weights are used to keep the panels in place, and solar tracking, where panels are mounted on a moving surface in order to follow the sun through the sky for optimal insolation.
volunteering and third sector legal frameworks;Knowledge about relevant laws, guidelines and legal frameworks that would have an impact on the roles, tasks and activities of volunteers.  
social entrepreneurship;The process of creating, managing and scaling-up a venture in order to address social challenges.
manage air quality;Monitoring, audit and management of air quality, including remedial measures.
curl hair;Curl a persons hair using the appropriate techniques and products.
publicity code;The legislation and rules of publicity when presenting a product in text, pictures or other symbols.
ensure fulfilment of legal requirements;Ensure that all legal requirements are met.
draw make-up sketches;Sketch make-up designs to develop the concept and share with others.
create master models;Make vulcanised rubber moulds that can be used for the lost wax casting process.
advise on vehicle characteristics;Provide advice to customers on the features, functionality and controls of a vehicle, such as colours, seating types, fabric, etc.
manage pawnshop inventory;Monitor the current inventory of the pawnshop and ensure that there are never too many or too few items present in the inventory. Adapt pawnshop procedures in order to optimise the inventory status.
develop taxation policies;Develop new policies dealing with taxation procedures based on prior research, which will improve the efficiency of the procedures and their influence on the optimisation of government revenue and expenditures, ensuring compliance with taxation legislation.
intervene to reduce sub-optimal nutritional status of individuals;Suggest remediation to improve the nutritional status of individuals to an optimal state.
use landscaping service equipment;Use landscaping service equipment for excavation, roto-tilling, ploughing, lawn fertilisation, flower planting. Use machinery like power push mower, riding mower, gas-powered leaf blower, wheelbarrow. Use hand tools including rake, shovel, and trowel, spreader, chemical sprayer, portable sprinkler system, and hose.
observe teaching activities;Observe the activities conducted during a class or lecture in order to analyse the quality of the teaching methods, class materials, and curriculum standards.
epidemiology;The branch of medicine that deals with the incidence, distribution and control of diseases. The disease aetiology, transmission, outbreak investigation, and comparisons of treatment effects.
HeroEngine;The cloud-based real-time collaborative platform that consists of integrated development environments and specialised design tools, designed for the rapid iteration of user-derived computer games.  
form moulding mixture;Form the moulding mixture adding specified amounts of materials, such as sand, clay, silica mud or plastic pellets, according to a fixed recipe, set up the controller of the melting tanks and monitor the melting process.
interpret laboratory data in medical genetics;Undertake diagnostic studies and biochemical genetic, cytogenetic, and molecular genetic analyses, interpreting the obtained laboratory data.
show sample garments;"Deliver sample garments to sales representatives; schedule meetings at fashion shows to demonstrate sample garments."
rates of growth assessment;The different methods used to evaluate the growth of most important cultivated species.
check animal feeding behaviour;Monitor the nutritional effects of food on the immunocompetence and disease resistance of fish. Understand the role of nutrition on fish quality. Recommend improvements of nutrition and feeding protocols in support of sustainable aquaculture development.
comply with legislation related to health care;Comply with the regional and national health legislation which regulates relations between suppliers, payers, vendors of the healthcare industry and patients, and the delivery of healthcare services.
decant wines;Identify when wine should be decanted. Decant the bottles in presence of guests in a professional and safe way. Decanting especially benefits red wines. Pour wine from one container into another, typically in order to separate out sediment.
propose improvements to artistic production;Assess past artistic activities with a view to improving future projects.
thermohydraulics;Types of hydraulic flow processes used to move generated heat and the use of this heat to produce electricity.
prepare emergency treework operations;Prepare and perform emergency tree work operations, typically as a result of car accidents involving the tree, damage due to storms, tree disease or infestation.
perform body piercings;Puncture or cut parts of peoples bodies, to create an opening for jewellery or rings.
evaluation in specialised nursing care;Evaluate and undertake audit of the field of specialisation to ensure the delivery of safe nursing care.
animal health rules of distribution of products of animal origin;Types of national and international animal health rules governing the distribution and introduction of products of animal origin for human consumption, e.g. Directive 2002/99/EC.
developmental possibilities in music therapy interventions;The developmental possibilities, motivation and impact on human thinking, awareness and actions and their importance for psychosocial and music-therapeutic interventions.
operate mobile crane;Operate a mobile crane safely. Take into account the condition of the terrain, weather conditions, load mass, and expected manoeuvres.
adapt hearing tests;Adapt hearing tests to suit the age and ability of the patient.
manage data;Administer all types of data resources through their lifecycle by performing data profiling, parsing, standardisation, identity resolution, cleansing, enhancement and auditing. Ensure the data is fit for purpose, using specialised ICT tools to fulfil the data quality criteria.
assess prior learning;Evaluate the candidates’ vocational competences, skills and knowledge through tests, interviews, simulations, and evidence of prior learning according to a pre-defined standard or procedure. Formulate summative statements of the displayed competences in comparison to set expectations.
maintain cage nets;Execute cleaning, drying and storage of removed cage nets.
network within the writing industry;Network with fellow writers and others involved in the writing industry, such as publishers, bookshop owners and organisers of literary events.
leasing process;Know and understand the leasing process, including any requirements, tenants, and legal conditions. Analyse the benefits of leasing equipment or any other items, rather than buying or acquiring via another method.
monitor the production line;Monitor the production line for problems such as pile-ups and jams.
use reheating techniques;Apply reheating techniques including steaming, boiling or bain marie.
electrical household appliances products;The offered electrical household appliances products, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
conduct musical ensembles;Lead the way in melodic, vocal or instrument sequences.
implement traceability systems;Implement traceability systems in respect of different aquatic resources species.
inspect contracts for related grounds maintenance work;Monitor and revise the contract services for activities such as pest control, snow or waste removal and oversee the work of contractors providing such services.
subject of coaching;Voice, dance or musical instrument.
read lighting plans;Read the instructions on the light plan to determine the light equipment needed and the right placement.
adhesives;The categories, production and the chemical components of adhesives such as non-reactice adhesives (drying adhesives, pressure-sensitive adhesives, contact adhesives and hot adhesives) and reactive adhesives (multi-part adhesives, one-part adhesives).
design evaluation methods in music therapy;Design methods for evaluating and measuring client progress and the effectiveness of therapeutic strategies within music therapy.
validate raw materials;Perform equipment validations and calibrations, along with methods and procedures for receiving incoming raw materials from suppliers.
fighting fires at aquaculture facilities;The methods and equipment required to extinguisht fires occured in aquaculture settings.
promote yourself;Market ones own strengths in terms of skills and knowledge.
computational linguistics;The computer science field that researches the modelling of natural languages into computational and programming languages.
mix terrazzo material;Create a mix of stone fragments and cement in consistent proportions. Add colouring if called for.
monitor live fish collection;Monitor conditions during gathering of live fish, including stress in the fish.
contact talent agents;Contact agents in charge of finding jobs for writers, actors, musicians, and other professionals in the entertainment and broadcasting businesses and maintain good relations with them.
operate financial instruments;Work with financial instruments such as stocks, bonds, mutual funds and derivatives.
operate bevelling machine;Operate the bevelling machine by setting it up and performing the specific operations such as beveling or polishing glass or mirror edges.
study human population;Analyse data about the human population in a specific geographic area in order to uncover trends such as mortality rate, migration, and fertility rates.
mobility as a service;The provision of mobility services through digital technologies enabling customers to plan, book and pay for their trip. It includes the offer of shared and sustainable mobility services tailored on users travel needs and the knowledge of different applications used for this purpose.
automated optical inspection;During automated optical inspection (AOI), printed circuit boards (PCB) or surface-mount devices (SMD) are inspected by means of an automated optical inspection machine. During each automated optical inspection test, dozens of images are captured with a special camera and compared to previous assembled boards to detect any anomalies.
perform massage techniques on animals;Design a massage treatment plan, provide advice and use appropriate massage techniques on animals.
applied zoology;The science of applying animal anatomy, physiology, ecology, and behaviour in a particular practical context.
interview animal owners on animals conditions;Ask questions appropriate to the setting and purpose, with the aim to elicit accurate information on the animals health condition, in order to facilitate a correct diagnosis.
research new photographic procedures;Participate in research to develop new photographic procedures and materials.
work with circus group;Work together with other circus artists and management. Make sure to do your part while keeping the performance as a whole in mind.
aquaculture production planning software;The functioning principles and usage of a software dedicated to the planning of aquculture production.
parallel park vehicles;Parallel park motorised vehicles in a variety of spaces.
conduct search engine optimisation;Execute optimal marketing research and strategies on search engine processes, also known as search engine marketing (SEM), in order to increase online traffic and website exposure.
ensure funding for artistic project;List funding sources for your artistic production. Write grant applications, find public or private funding, finalise co-production agreements. Organise fundraisers if called for. Finalise agreements with sponsors.
escort visitors to places of interest;Bring tourists to places of interest such as museums, exhibitions, theme parks or art galleries.
manage key performance indicators of call centres;Understand, follow up and manage the achievement of the most important key performance indicators (KPI) of call centres such as time average operation (TMO), service quality, questionnaires filled, and sales per hour if applicable.
prevent casting adhesion;Prevent the casting sticking to the moulds by brushing the mould with oil, hot wax or graphite solution, according to the specification of each casting components.
assertiveness;The attitude to stand up for yourself and be treated with respect without upsetting others, being aggressive, rude or submissive.
compile reservoir performance plans;Make up detailed development plans of the performance of the reservoir. Apply mathematical models for maximum economic recovery.
operate armoured fighting vehicles;Operate armoured fighting vehicles, such as tanks, armoured cars, air defense vehicles and troop carriers, using correct navigation systems and monitoring controls, as well as operating its weapons.
understand spoken Spanish;Comprehend orally expressed Spanish.
develop an animal handling strategy;Develop plans and strategies to deal with the animal in order to achieve established goals and optimal results.
use accounting systems;Employ accounting systems for recording and managing the accounts, obligations, and rights that the company possesses. Utilise these systems for accounting operations, financial analysis, and preparation of financial statements.
work according to recipe;Perform tasks in food preparation according to recipe or specification in order to preserve the quality of ingredients and to ensure replication accuracy of the recipe. Select the appropriate materials to follow the recipe, taking into account the current situation.
apply knowledge of human behaviour;Practice principles related to group behaviour, trends in society, and influence of societal dynamics.
conduct beamhouse operations;Conduct the beamhouse operations and adjust formulations according to the final leather good. Operations include activities such as soaking, liming, removal of extraneous tissues (unhairing, scudding and fleshing), deliming, bating or pouring, drenching, and pickling.
forensic anthropology;The scientific study and techniques that use history, archaeology, and biology to analyse human remains and determine their age, sex, and time and cause of death.
create mock-ups;Create small scale designs of furniture for industrial or architectural purposes.
mechanotherapy;The medical treatments provided by manual means such as massage or other types of mechanical devices.
perform electrolysis;Use electrolysis technology to permanently remove hair, by applying electrical charges to individual hairs at the follicle.
pedagogy;The discipline that concerns the theory and practice of education including the various instructional methods for educating individuals or groups.
ingredient threats;Ingredients  and potential risks which could damage humans, the flora and the fauna. Functions in ingredient formulas.
conduct soil sample tests;"Analyse and test soil samples; determine gas chromatography and gather relevant isotope and carbon information; determine viscosity."
be a role model;Have a behaviour, example, or success which motivates and inspires others and can be emulated, especially by younger people.
interact through digital technologies;Interact through a variety of digital technologies and understand appropriate digital communication means for a given context.
industrial tools;The tools and equipment used for industrial purposes, both power and hand tools, and their various uses.
recruit animal handlers;Select and instruct animal trainers in order to integrate the animals in the therapy.
tend vines;Plant, thin, weed, sucker and tie vines.
provide teacher support;Assist teachers in classroom instruction by providing and preparing lesson materials, monitoring the students during their work and helping them in their learning where necessary.
prepare loan contracts;"Compose loan contracts; understand and implement accompanying insurance conditions."
search databases;Search for information or people using databases.
maintain emergency vehicle equipment;Maintain emergency vehicles and the associated medical and communication equipment, replenishing first-aid equipment and supplies as needed.
implement inland water transport regulations;Implement Inland Water Transport (IWT) regulations into practice, based on a clear understanding of full legal compliance required.
tennis;The techniques and rules of tennis such as the different strokes, types of courts and how to play on them, equipment and scoring.
provide high quality customer service;"Pursue highest possible quality of customer service; do what needs to be done to keep the customer satisfied."
clothing industry;Major suppliers, brands and products involved in the clothing industry.
media formats;The various formats in which media can be made available to the audience, such as paper books, e-books, tapes, and analogue signal.
monitor ticketing;Keep track of ticket sale for live events. Monitor how many tickets are available and how many have been sold.
freight transport methods;Understand different modalities of transport such as air, sea, or intermodal freight transport. Specialise in one of the modalities and possess a deeper knowledge of the details and procedures of that modality.
listen actively;"Give attention to what other people say, patiently understand points being made, asking questions as appropriate, and not interrupting at inappropriate times; able to listen carefully the needs of customers, clients, passengers, service users or others, and provide solutions accordingly."
control air flow;Control the flow of air through the compression units by turning on the valves in the correct secquence.
toys and games safety recommendations;Safety instructions of games and toys, according to the materials they are composed of.
industrial engineering;The field of engineering concerned with the development, improvement, and implementation of complex processes and systems of knowledge, people, equipment, etc.
metrology;The methods and theory of measurement in a scientific context, including internationally accepted units of measurement, practical realisation of these units, and interpretation of measurements.
video-games functionalities;Characteristics and insights of video-games in order to advise customers accordingly.
Icelandic;The Icelandic language.
treat endocrine disorders;Identify and provide medication treatment to endocrine-related disorders such as dysmenorrhea or amenorrhea.
set up machine controls;Set up or adjust machine controls to regulate conditions such as material flow, temperature, or pressure.
respect cultural preferences;Recognise different cultural preferences when creating products and concepts in order to avoid giving insult to certain people. Try to reach as broad an audience possible.
supervise maintenance activities in airports;Supervise airport staff during operational and maintenance activities such as aeroplane refuelling, flight communications, runway maintenance, etc.
outdoor advertising;Types and characteristics of advertising performed in the public domain such as on street furniture, public transportation vehicles, stations and airports and on billboards.
approve reports for artistic project;Approve the financial report, the artistic report, any other report required for the artistic project.
effective perception of transport environment;Know the local transport topography, including roads, traffic hotspots, and alternative routes to reach a destination. Use knowledge to transport the vehicle to its destination in the most time and fuel efficient manner, and minimising safety risks.
comply with legal requirements for diving operations;Ensure that diving operations comply with legal requirements, such as age, health and swimming abilities.
perform musical improvisations in therapy;Improvise music as a reaction to what the patient is communicating, in order to enhance the individual nature of the relationship between therapist and patient. Improvise instrumentally, vocally, or physically to meet clients therapeutic needs.
lay interlocking roof tiles;Lay interlocking roof tiles of various shapes and materials. Fix the tiles to the battens judiciously, and take special care of the verges, ridges and hips.
pharmaceutical industry;The main stakeholders, companies and procedures in the pharmaceutical industry and the laws and regulations that govern the patenting, testing, safety and marketing of drugs.
supervise physiotherapist assistants;Supervise and provide learning opportunities for physiotherapist assistants.
evaluate mine development projects;Evaluate mining methods and procedures, including waste management, life-of-mine plans, production timelines and funds expenditures.
child psychiatry;Child psychiatry is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
direct an artistic team;Lead and instruct a complete team with the required cultural expertise and experience.
legal requirements related to mortuary services;The legal obligations and requirements for hospital and coroner post-mortem examinations. The requirements for death certifications and related documentation and for organ removal.
classify audio-visual products;Arrange various video and music materials such as CDs and DVDs. Sort audio and video material on shelves in alphabetical order or according to genre classification.
examine gems;Closely examine gemstone surfaces using polariscopes or other optical instruments.
prepare workpieces for etching;Prepare mechanical tools and work pieces for etching by polishing their surface and bevelling the work piece to remove sharp edges. Polishing is done using different sandpapers and sand films which are applied and vary from rough to very fine ones.
select spraying pressure;Select the optimal spraying pressure taking into account the kind of paint or primer being sprayed, the sprayed material, the spraying environment and other factors.
check official documents;Check an individuals official documentation, such as drivers licenses and identification, to ensure compliance with legal regulations, and to identify and assess individuals.
apply certification and payment procedures;Apply the verification principles and the financial control framework which ensure that the relevant supplies, services or works are delivered in compliance with the terms and conditions of the contract and all applicable financial and accounting rules in order to proceed to the payment.
hear witness accounts;Hear witness accounts during a court hearing or during an investigation to assess the significance of the account, its impact on the case under scrutiny or investigation, and to aid in reaching a conclusion.
create plant displays;Create plant displays from interior or exterior plants to serve as borders in a formal or informal garden, hanging baskets, planting containers or indoor green walls.
operate dry cleaning pressing machines;Use assigned equipment such as shirt, sleeve, collar, cuff and single or double buck pressing machines to press a variety of customers garments.
demonstrate commitment to democracy;Show dedication to a system of government in which the people have the power directly or indirectly through elected representatives.
investigate manufacturing facilities;inspect foreign manufacturing facilities for violations of child labour laws, product safety, hygiene, or other areas of concern.
perform food safety checks;Carry out food safety checks in order to assure compliance with requirements, regulations, and other good food manufacturing practices.
cut carpet;Cut the carpet with a sharp knife according to the cutting plan. Make straight cuts and avoid causing damage to the carpet or surroundings.
teach sociology;Instruct students in the theory and practice of sociology, and more specifically in topics such as empirical observations, human behaviour, and development of societies.
wicker weaving techniques;Techniques to weave materials with various degrees of flexibility and thickness, and producing different patterns such as the hole-to-hole chair caning, the press cane webbing or the natural hand-twisted bulrush.
oversee equipment cleaning;Oversee the cleaning of equipment such as stainers, towers or spray tips.
keep competences about irrigation systems up-to-date;Keep up to date with trends in irrigation systems. Review publications, and attending lectures and conferences. Cooperate with others in developing and revising overall grounds planning and the grounds handbook.
blow moulding;The three main techniques to create hollow plastic and glass parts, namely extrusion blow molding, injection blow molding and injection stretch blow molding.
understand written Hebrew;Read and comprehend written texts in Hebrew.
follow work procedures;Adhere to procedures at work in a structured and systematic manner.
design music therapy termination plan;Create the components of a music therapy termination plan, which provides conclusions on patient progress and the reason behind the termination of therapy.
dress bodies;Put on clothes on bodies of deceased persons, chosen or provided by the deceased ones relatives.
communicate mooring plans;Prepare crew briefings on mooring plans and division of labour. Provide the crew with information on protective gear such as helmets and safety goggles.
manage prompt book;Prepare, create and maintain the prompt book for a theatrical production.
handle shipment documentation;Check bills, purchase orders and other documentation in order to verify the correct shipment of goods.
biostatistics;The methods used to apply statistics in biology-related topics.
empower young people;Build a sense of empowerment in young people in their different dimensions in life, such as but not excluded to: civic, social, economic, cultural and health areas.
determine origin of gemstones;Apply various determination methods such as spectroanalysis, optical analysis by microscope, and chemical or surface analysis to collect information that will help distinguishing gemstones from different localities.
instruct on the use of special equipment for daily activities;Instruct on how to use specialised equipment such as wheelchairs and eating aids in their daily activities.
support the development of other coaches;Design and manage development of other coaches and coaching development programs for coaches
handle mining plant waste;Make sure mining plant waste is disposed of safely, efficiently, and in an environmentally sound manner.
communicate mine equipment information;Communicate transparently and efficiently with mine production management and machine operators. Pass on any relevant information such as outages, efficiency and productivity of the equipment.
5S methodology;5S is defined as a methodology that results in a workplace that is clean, uncluttered, safe, and well organized to help reduce waste and optimize productivity.
maintain aquaculture treatment records;Provide accurate information to maintain records of aquaculture treatments applied.
plant trees;Transplant and plant trees or tree seeds in woodland areas and forests.
Project Anarchy;The mobile game engine which is a software framework that consists of integrated development environments and specialised design tools, designed for the rapid iteration of user-derived computer games.  
perform scrambling operations;Control and monitor the air force radio network and perform scrambling operations or intrusions, which mean to disrupt the functioning of adverse emissions. Scrambling is mostly performed on voice communication and signals by the use of Digital Signal Processors (DSP).
safeguard bank reputation;Protect the standing of a public or private bank by following the guidelines of the organisation, communicating to stakeholders in a consistent and appropriate manner and by taking into account the opinions of different stakeholders.
dump contents into vat;Dump the content into vat filled with water in order to avoid explosion when the heat accumulation is too high.
manage the transportation of animals;Plan and operate processes involved in the transportation of animals. This includes planning activities such as selecting the form of transportation, planning the route, and preparing documentation. It also encompasses preparation activities undertaken prior to transportation, such as completing paperwork and labelling, and selecting and preparing the appropriate transport container according to the species, age, weight, and number of animals, the duration of the journey, and the food and water requirements.
conduct gross examination of tissues;Examine the diseased tissues with the naked eye, or with the help of a magnifying glass or stereo microscope.
understand written Albanian;Read and comprehend written texts in Albanian.
manage habitats;Create and manage natural habitats.
use computerised maintenance management systems;Use computerised maintenance management systems (CMMS) in order to facilitate effective follow up of the work undertaken in maintenance facilities.
apply nursing care in long-term care;Enable the promotion and the development of nursing care in long term care, co-morbidity and in situations of dependency in order to maintain individuals’ personal autonomy and relationships with the environment in each moment of the health/illness process.
Basque;The Basque language.
cold forging;The metalworking process of forging whilst hot metal is right below its recrystallisation temperature, being cooled and solidified after casting.
tip latex within industrial processes;Pour liquid latex from drums into cans and into machine holding tanks.
organise an exhibition;Organise and structure an exhibition in a strategic way, making the artworks more accessible to public.
hybrid control systems;Control systems containing both subsystems with continuous dynamics as well as subsystems with discrete dynamics.
CAD software;The computer-aided design (CAD) software for creating, modifying, analysing or optimising a design.
perform inspections required by international conventions;Perform inspections as required by international conventions. Understand procedures and regulations to ensure compliance.
conduct military music services;Organise and lead a military music band during ceremonial of celebratory performances.
clean building floors;Clean the floors and stairways of buildings by sweeping, vacuuming, and mopping them, according to hygienic and organisational standards.
help write technical riders;Participate in all aspects of the creation of technical riders. Create, or help create, cues for the technical crew in coordination with creators, directors and designers team. Verify that the crew understand the cues. Write a list of technical specifications. Indicate the performance schedule and specify needs related to staging the production.
analyse ergonomics in different workplaces;Analyse how people interact with machinery, equipment, and work spaces from an ergonomic point of view.
manage inventory of camping supplies;Oversee the inventory of camping equipment and supplies and take care of maintenance and the repair or replacement of equipment if required.
optical engineering;Subdiscipline of engineering that deals with the development of optical instruments and applications, such as telescopes, microscopes, lenses, lasers, fibre optic communication, and imaging systems.
plan ICT capacity;Schedule the longer-term hardware capacity, ICT infrastructure, computing resources, human resources and other aspects needed to meet changing demands for ICT products and services.
develop stock health programmes;Develop a health and welfare programme for those aquatic resources under cultivation, in consultation with the fish health specialist
monitor daily work;Planning the days work and assigns tasks equally to the workers and employees at harvest accordance with the plans drawn up by his superior, explains the work to do, advises workers on their work to guide them. Monitors the progress of activities and resolve issues, if any. Prepares equipment and ensures the availability and proper functioning of the tools.
accept constructive criticism;React to valid and well-reasoned opinions about ones work in a positive manner.
coating substances;Have knowledge of various types of coating, providing a workpiece with one or more finishing layers of resins, sugars, powders, inactive and insoluable fillers, waxes, gums, plasticisers, colouring materials, lacquer, and others.
inspect optical supplies;Check optical materials for damage, such as scratches, before using the material.
specialise in a musical genre;Specialise in a specific type or style of music.
assist in ship maintenance;Contribute to shipboard maintenance and repair using painting, lubrication and cleaning materials and equipment. Execute routine maintenance and repair procedures. Dispose safely waste materials. Apply, maintain and use hand and power tools.
mix paints for vehicles;Select appropriate paint varieties and mix paint using mixing equipment and according to the colour formulas presented by vehicle manufacturers.
operate echo sounding equipment;Operate technological equipment to measure the oceans depth. Calculate and interpret results, and communicate them to management.
solve problems in healthcare;Carry out actions, by previously identifying and analysing problems, that facilitate seeking the most beneficial solution for the patient, the family and the community, reaching objectives, improving outcomes and keeping the quality of their work.
advise on environmental alterations;Advise on environmental alterations in the home and workplace to accommodate patients, such as wheelchair accessibility.
paleontology;The field of science that studies fossils ecologies, their evolution and interaction with other organisms, and the environment during period beginning approximately 11,700 years ago up to the present.
observe healthcare users;Observe healthcare users and record significant conditions and reactions to drugs, treatments, and significant incidents, notifying a supervisor or physician when required.
escort pedestrians across streets;Help pedestrians who have difficulties crossing streets across the street, stopping traffic if necessary.
provide escalator maintenance;Ensure a quick and efficient response to maintain and repair escalators within a building, as requested by the client.
report defective manufacturing materials;Maintain required company records and forms in order to report any defective materials or questionable conditions of manufacturing machinery and equipment.
apply glaze coating;Dip the products into a specific glaze coating that will make them waterproof and fix the decorative patterns and colours after the firing process.
follow hygienic procedures during food processing;Ensure a clean working space according to hygienic standards in the food processing industry.
select illustration styles;Select the appropriate style, medium, and techniques of illustration in line with the needs of the project and clients requests.
file-based workflow;The recording of moving images without using tape, but by storing these digital videos on optical disks, hard drives, and other digital storage devices.
perform a feasibility study on combined heat and power;Perform the evaluation and assessment of the potential of combined heat and power (CHP). Realise a standardised study to determine technical demands, regulation and costs. Estimate the needed electrical power and heating demand as well as the heat storage needed in order to determine possibilities of CHP by means of load and load duration curves, and conduct research to support the process of decision making.
advise on environmental risk management systems;Evaluate requirements and advise on systems for environmental risk management. Ensure the customer does his part in preventing or limiting adverse environmental impact through the use of technology. Ensure required licenses and permits are obtained.
use cutting equipment;Use knives, cleavers, meat saws, bandsaws, or other equipment to perform meat cutting and trimming.
distinguish wood quality;Distinguish different types of wood quality schemes, grading rules, and standards. See how quality differs between certain kinds of wood, such as hardwoods and softwoods.
assist in kidney transplant;Manage patient care before and after the transplant of kidneys, striving to maximise the likelihood of a successful outcome.
integrate principles of training;Apply components of health related fitness to the design of an individual programme in order to meet client’s abilities, needs and lifestyle and exercise preferences.
build jewellery models;Construct preliminary jewel models using wax, plaster or clay. Create sample castings in moulds.
prepare specialised coffee;Prepare coffee using specialised methods and equipment. Ensure a high quality preparation process.
tend cylindrical grinder;Tend a metalworking machine designed to smoothen a metal surface by applying cylindrical grinding, abrasive machine processes, monitor and operate it according to regulations.
oversee cargo storage requirements;Oversee the implementation of requirements in the storage of customer cargo.
clean components during assembly;Clean components before fixing them to other compounds or units of components during the assembly process.
produce scanned images;Produce scanned images that satisfy different categories and are free of potential defects.
rehearse artist fly movements;Help the artist rehearse their flying movements using the appropriate equipment.
maintain updated professional knowledge;Regularly attend educational workshops, read professional publications, actively participate in professional societies.
assess requirement for horseshoes;Discuss and agree with the owner on the horse’s shoeing requirements. Choose the most suitable type of shoe for the horses foot size and condition, the type of activity and working conditions.
install septic systems;Install systems for the collection of sewage and its subsequent inclusion in the sewerage system, ensuring that the systems are installed in compliance with legislation and are connected to nearby sewerage systems.
maintain specified water characteristics;Turn valves and place baffles in troughs to adjust the volume, depth, discharge, and temperature of water as specified.
international law;The binding rules and regulations in the relations between states and nations, and legal systems dealing with countries rather than private citizens.
conduct physiotherapy assessment;Undertake physiotherapy assessment, incorporating data collected from subjective, physical examinations and information derived from other relevant sources, maintaining clients` safety, comfort and dignity during assessment.
entomology;The field of zoology that studies insects.
paediatric surgery;Paediatric surgery is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
teach driving practices;Instruct students in the practice of driving a vehicle such as a bus, taxi, truck, motorcycle or tractor safely, practice mechanical operation on roads with little traffic, and promote an anticipatory way of driving. Recognise the students difficulties and repeat the learning steps until the student feels at ease. Plan routes on different types of roads, during rush hour or at night.
operate garment manufacturing machines;Operate and monitor machines which make miscellaneous wearing apparel articles. Operate and monitor machines that fold cloth into measured length, and measure size of pieces.
cut fabrics;Cut fabrics and other wearing apparel materials considering measures, placement of the fabrics in the cutting table in multiple layers, and making the most efficient usage of the fabric avoiding waste. Cut fabrics by hand, or using electric knives, or other cutting tools depending on the fabric. Use computerised systems or automatic cutting machines.
operate mailing information systems;Operate mailing information systems in order to record the processing and handling of mail. Record faults and identify packages that were not delivered. Ensure mail and small packages are traceable until they are delivered to the recipients.
ICT problem management techniques;The techniques related to identifying the solutions of the root cause of ICT incidents.
conduct neurological examination;Obtain a thorough understanding of the neurodevelopmental history of the patient, making a partial neurological assessment by observation in the case of uncooperative patients.
health and safety hazards underground;The rules and risks affecting health and safety when working underground. 
manage overdue library materials;Compile lists of overdue materials, notify clients that their materials are overdue.
wine related sciences;Sciences such as chemistry, biology and microbiology, as well as laboratory skills, where they concern wine.
coordinate activities in audio recording studio;Monitor the daily operations in a audio recording studio. Make sure that persons involved in recording studio activities can produce the desired quality of sound according to customer specifications. Ensure the material is maintained and available.
process incoming construction supplies;Receive incoming construction supplies, handle the transaction and enter the supplies into any internal administration system.
understand spoken Galician;Comprehend orally expressed ?Galician.
see to the detainees well-being;See to the welfare of the prisoners providing primary commodities and services such as distributing food and clothes, calling the doctor and others.
collect customer data;"Collect customer data such as contact information, credit card or billing information; gather information to track down purchase history."
sew pieces of fabric;Operate basic or specialised sewing machines whether domestic or industrial ones, sewing pieces of fabric, vinyl or leather in order to manufacture or repair wearing apparels, making sure the threads are selected according to specifications.
characteristics of plants;The varieties, characteristics and structural and functional features of plants, depending on their habitat.
design principles of containment systems;The design elements of different containment systems, such as cages, pens, nets, ponds and tanks.
analyse travel alternatives;Analyse prospective improvements in journey efficiency through reduction of travel time by modifying itineraries and outlining alternatives.
types of wire mesh;Various types of mesh used in the wire weaving process, such as crimped wire mesh, welded wire mesh, expanded wire mesh, perforated wire mesh.
plan the dispatching of products;Arrange and plan for sending the goods according to the schedule.
run simulations;"Run simulations and audits to assess operability of newly implemented setups; detect errors for improvement."
data protection;The principles, ethical issues, regulations and protocols of data protection.
manufacture carpets;Create textile carpets on a large, industrial scale. operate machinery and diverse manufacturing techniques such as weaving, knitting or tufting to make floor coverings in different styles.
forecast dividend trends;Forecast the payouts corporations make to their shareholders in the long term, taking into account prior dividends, the corporations financial health and stability, stock market trends, and shareholders reactions to those trends.
use learning strategies;Use different channels of perception, learning styles, strategies and methods to acquire knowledge, know-how, skills and competences.
use storyboards;Use a graphic presentation to convey, shot by shot, your creative vision and ideas on how a motion picture should look in terms of light, sound, visuals, costumes or make-up.
analyse health problems within a given community;Assess the healthcare needs and problems of a community.
use electronic health records in nursing;Use electronic health records to document nursing assessment, diagnosis, interventions and outcomes based on comparable nursing classification systems and nursing taxonomy.
arrange rental car drop-off;Organize the drop-off of cars rented by customers on specific locations.
perform pipeline routing studies;Perform routing studies designed to collect information on and analyse the characteristics of the site, the challenges of construction, and other environmental factors that should be taken into consideration in planning project development and installation of pipelines.
sell telecommunication products;Sell telecommunication equipment and services such as cell phones, desktop computers and laptops, cabling, and internet access and security.
develop pension schemes;Develop plans which provide retirement benefits to individuals, taking into account the financial risks for the organisation providing the benefits and the potential difficulties of implementation.
scale copies;Use proportion wheels to scale the layout and resolution of images up or down.
plan patient menus;Plan menus for patients according to the specified treatment plan.
install wood hardware;Use hinges, knobs and rails to fix wooden hardware on wooden elements, making sure that the hardware fits onto or into the element and can be moved smoothly and securely.
design information system;Define the architecture, composition, components, modules, interfaces and data for integrated information systems (hardware, software and network), based on system requirements and specifications.
promote evaluation capacity development;Design and carry out training and other capacity building activities to strengthen evaluation practice, culture, or systems within or outside the organizations.
provide membership service;Ensure good service for all members by monitoring the mail box on a regular basis, by resolving membership issues that arise and by advising members on benefits and renewals.
web strategy assessment;Techniques for conducting a deep analysis of a companys web presence.
employ specific paramedic techniques in out-of-hospital care;Use appropriate techniques in paramedical practice such as IV therapy, drug administration, cardioversion, and emergency surgical techniques.
locate fossils;Determine the location of fossils using radar scanners and other equipment.
types of upsetting machines;Types of machines used for upset forging processes, such as the crank press, mechanical upsetting machine, electrical upsetting machine and heading machine.
apply health sciences;Apply a broad range of bio-medical, psycho-social, organisational, educational, and societal aspects of health, disease, and healthcare to improve healthcare services and to improve quality of life.
define integration strategy;Specify strategies for system integration, incorporating the time schedule, the processes required to combine components into subsystems and systems, the means on how components will interface as well as the risks associated with the integration.
safeguard online privacy and identity;"Apply methods and procedures to secure private information in digital spaces by limiting the sharing of personal data where possible, through use of passwords and settings on social networks, mobile device apps, cloud storage and other places, while ensuring other peoples privacy; protect oneself from online fraud and threats and cyberbullying."
plan events;plan programmes, agendas, budgets, and services of an event according to customers requirements.
develop business case;Gather relevant information in order to come up with a well-written and well-structured document that provides the trajectory of a given project.
manufacturers instructions for audiovisual equipment;Manufacturers instructions required to install audio and video equipment, as specified in the users manual.
execute ICT user research activities;Perform research tasks such as recruitment of participants, scheduling of tasks, collecting of empirical data, data analysis and production of materials in order to assess the interaction of users with an ICT system, program or application.
design original furniture;Master and develop industrial aesthetics through ongoing research of new shapes, adapted to the function of the objects the research deals with (domestic objects, urban furnitures, etc.).
consider building constraints in architectural designs;Conceive the different types of constraints faced in architecture and building projects, including budgetary, time, labour, material, and natural constraints.
footwear materials;The characteristics, components, advantages and limitations of a wide range of materials used in footwear production: leather, leather substitutes (synthetics or artificial materials), textile, plastic, rubber etc. 
listen to the stories of the disputants;Listen to the arguments of the parties involved in disputes in order to clarify misunderstandings and miscommunications among them.
hair removal techniques;The various methods used for removing unwanted hair either by depilation, including shaving and trimming, or by epilation, such as waxing, sugaring, lasering, plucking etc.
ML (computer programming);The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in ML.
manage social crisis;Identify, respond and motivate individuals in social crisis situations, in a timely manner, making use of all resources.
Montessori learning equipment;The special materials used by Montessori teachers in their classes for training students, more specifically equipment for developing several abilities consisting of sensorial equipment, mathematical equipment, language materials, and cosmic equipment.
measure flatness of a surface;Measure the evenness of a workpieces surface after it has been processed by checking for deviations from the desired perpendicular state.
IBM WebSphere;The application server IBM WebSphere provides flexible and secure Java EE runtime environments to support application infrastructure and deployments.
calculate employee benefits;Calculate the benefits which the people connected to the organisation are entitled to, such as employees or retired people, using the information of the person and the interplay between governmental benefits and benefits obtained through for example employment.
order customisation of orthopedic products for customers;Order customised orthopaedic products for customers, according to their individual requirements.
advise customers on maintaining optical products;Provide advice to customers on how to use and protect the purchased optical products, such as eyewear.
perform child welfare investigations;Make home visits to assess allegations of child abuse or neglect and to evaluate the ability of the parents to take care of the child in appropriate conditions.
use mine planning software;Use specialised software to plan, design and model for mining operations.
prepare meat products for shipping;Prepare carcasses, edible meat products, and non edible offal by weighing, packaging, labelling and loading on meat wagons for shipping.
identify security threats;Identify security threats during investigations, inspections, or patrols, and perform the necessary actions to minimise or neutralise the threat.
tend textile finishing machines;Operate textile finishing machines keeping efficiency and productivity at high levels.
validation of learning acquired through volunteering;The processes and procedures relevant for the four stages of validation of skills acquired whilst volunteering: identification, documentation, assessment and certification of non-formal and informal learning.
thoracic surgery;Thoracic surgery is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
printed goods processes;The various types and characteristics of producing printed goods such as catalogues, flyers, etc.
create 3D CAD footwear prototypes;Be able to read and understand visual elements and technical design specifications from hand-made or computer-made sketches, pictures and drawings. Digitise or scan the lasts. Create the design upon the shape of the lasts according to dimensional requirements of the customer. Perform 3D footwear modelling by using various functionalities of the CAD software such as producing, manipulating and testing virtual images for computer aided 3D artistic and technical design of footwear. Produce alternative designs and develop virtual models and collection lines. Make presentation boards and catalogues.
organise camp activities;Organise various recreational activities for participants (usually youth) at a camp, such as games, day trips, and sport activities.
manage time in fishery operations;Ensure an efficient management of work schedules meant for fishery and aquaculture activities.
perform tungsten inert gas welding;Weld metal workpieces together by tungsten intert gas (TIG) welding. This arc welding process welds metal workpieces using the heat generated between an arc of electricity struck between a non-consumable tungsten metal electrode. Use an argon or helium inert gas to shield the weld from athmospheric contamination.
audio technology;The various technologies for producing, recording, and reproducing sound.
unmanned air systems;The systems used to remotely control unmanned aerial vehicles by onboard computers or by a pilot on the ground or in the air.
evaluate supporting team in community arts program;Evaluate whether the role of the supporting team matches what was planned and develop a flexible approach to respond to unexpected sources of support or lack of it. Revisit these roles throughout the program to make modification where needed to suit strengths of the group or the supporting team as they emerge.
determine medical images diagnostic suitability;Appraise the medical images to make sure that they are clear. Determine if they are suitable for further use or if new images need to be taken. Analyse the images for their suitability in treatment planning.
train crew members;"Train new crew members on the job; plan daily job assignments."
maintain circulation system;Maintain the fluid pumps and circulation systems of an oil pumping system.
determine property boundaries;Establish the boundaries of properties using surveying equipment.
develop vaccines;Create remedies that provide immunity against particular diseases by doing research and laboratory testing.
market farm products;Market the products of the farm. Make sure that the product is ready for marketing and introduce the products to customers by using appropriate marketing methods.
select items for auction;Research and select products to be auctioned.
create campaign schedule;Create a timeline and establish final goals for the procedures and tasks of a political or otherwise promotional campaign.
maintain trusts;Handle the money meant for investing into a trust and ensure it is placed into the trust, as well as ensure that the due outgoing payments are made to the beneficiaries compliant with the terms of the trust.
information confidentiality;The mechanisms and regulations which allow for selective access control and guarantee that only authorised parties (people, processes, systems and devices) have access to data, the way to comply with confidential information and the risks of non-compliance.
monitor event activities;Monitor event activities to ensure that regulations and laws are followed, look after satisfaction of participants, and resolve any problems should they arise.
inspect data;Analyse, transform and model data in order to discover useful information and to support decision-making.
monitor online competitors;Monitor activities of companies in the same sector offering a similar product or service in an online environment.
manage sub-contract labour;Oversee work and the labourers hired to carry out part or all of the responsibilities of someone elses contract.
rust proofing spray gun parts;The various parts of a spray gun designed to provide the surface of a workpiece with a durable rust proofing finishing coat, such as the grip, air-passage, air-hose connection, air valve assembly, air-control screw, fluid-hose connection, fluid nozzle, fluid needle valve, air nozzle, two-finger trigger, control screw for regulating flow of fluid and for removing needle valve, and others.
LDAP;The computer language LDAP is a query language for retrieval of information from a database and of documents containing the needed information.
tend cold rolling mill;Tend a rolling mill designed for forming cold metal whilst right below its recrystallisation temperature, being cooled after casting, monitor and operate it, according to regulations.
operate core drilling equipment;Operate an exploration drilling machine, which may be mobile or stationary, to drill and extract cores. React quickly to auditory and other changes to determine the course of action.
communicate mathematical information;Use mathematical symbols, language and tools to present information, ideas and processes.
mentor individuals;Mentor individuals by providing emotional support, sharing experiences and giving advice to the individual to help them in their personal development, as well as adapting the support to the specific needs of the individual and heeding their requests and expectations.
handle honeycombs;Handle honeycombs carefully. Place combs into machine. Remove them when empty and place them in vacant supers. Care for the integrity of the honeycomb, and extract as much honey as possible.
check ride communications;Check and make sure that all the communication functions of an assigned ride operate properly.
multimedia systems;The methods, procedures and techniques pertaining to the operation of multimedia systems, usually a combination of software and hardware, presenting various types of media such as video and audio.
remove parts of fish;Remove guts, heads and tails for fish and seafood production.
study relationships between characters;Study characters in scripts and their relationships to each other.
comply with agricultural code of practice;Adhere to a decree which talks about a series of rules and practices in business transactions between horticultural growers and sellers.
clinical decision-making at advanced practice;Apply advanced practice with regard to clinical decision-making, managing the caseload for individual patients, families and communities.
apply plastic resin layers;Choose the appropriate plastic resin and apply it to surfaces or molds to form the basis for plastic products or enhance the stiffness of other materials such as graphite sheets. Repeat layers until products have the desired thickness.
draw up reference documents for performance;Create documents to guide the further production and execution of a performance. Create a performer cast list, cue sheets, choreographic notes, etc.
prepare service trolleys;Make service trolleys ready with food and beverages for room and floor service.
teamwork principles;The cooperation between people characterised by a unified commitment to achieving a given goal, participating equally, maintaining open communication, facilitating effective usage of ideas etc.
irrigate soil;Irrigate soil using portable pipes or ditches. Maintain ditches, pipes and pumps as required.
decide on wig making process;Decide on what materials and techniques to use for performance wigs, and document the decision.
maintain genetic registers;Maintain accurate genetic registers for a long period of time, as they continue to be relevant to patients` descendants` and succeeding generations.
coach during a sports competition;Support individuals or groups during a sports competition, advise them on how to improve their performance and support them as much as possible increasing their chances to perform successfully in the competition. This includes conducting substitutions in team sports.
handle financial overviews of the store;Monitor the financial situation, analyse the stores sales figures.
administer chemicals to starch production;Administer different chemicals to the production of starch in order to obtain different kinds of starches for a range of purposes.
collaborate with stakeholders in leading community arts;Collaborate with a chosen team, gathering artists from other disciplines, art mediation coordinator, and/or health workers, physiotherapists and learning support workers, etc. in order to maximise the community arts program’s impact. Be clear about your collective roles, and evaluate their performance as a whole combining reflexive and reflective in your practice.
analyse marketplace competition in rental industry;Stay informed about the activities and competitive advantages of the competitors in the rental industry.
create subtitles;Create and write captions that transcribe the dialogue on television or cinema screens in another language, making sure they are synchronised with the dialogue.
correct temporomandibular joint abnormalities;Correct joint abnormalities by realigning the teeth to improve the patient`s bite and help the jaw fit together properly.
lottery company policies;The rules and policies of a company involved in the lottery business.
train livestock and captive animals;Train animals to facilitate their routine husbandry, for treatment, and/or public demonstrations.
check price accuracy on the shelf;Ensure accurate and correctly labelled prices for the products on the shelves
monitor well costs;Compare current well costs with expenditure proposals. Develop cost-effective measures and strategies.
use intuition in booking projects;Be at the forefront of trends and take some risks to book artistic projects.
lubricate rolling stock wheels;Use oil to lubricate the wheels of rolling stock.
create soil and plant improvement programmes;Develop and advise on implementation of soil health and plant nutrition programs.
record jewel weight;Record the weight of finished jewellery pieces.
guide others;Lead, support, train and motivate a group of people, in order to reach a common goal.
place orders for textile materials;Select and purchase fabrics and textile products in accordance to stock availability.
carry out preparations for fish disease specialist;Prepare environment and equipment for fish disease specialist treatments, including vaccination treatments.
apply music therapy assessment methods;Apply specific music therapy procedures and methods for client evaluation and possible preliminary diagnosis.
operate drum device;Operate the drums performing the pedal depression to allow drums rotation and winding the plies around the drums in order to build pneumatic tires.
cut metal products;Operate cutting and measuring instruments in order to cut/shape pieces of metal into given dimensions.
understand written Galician;Read and comprehend written texts in Galician.
complete patient journey records;Record and report on the patients details related to the transportation of the patients within a given time framework.
identify problems;Identify and detect problems and issues and decide on the best course of action. Report problems accordingly when needed.
babysitting;Temporarily taking care of a child for a small remuneration.
perform safety inspections on spraying equipment;Conduct regular checks on all spraying equipment in order to make sure it is functioning properly.
cut gem stones;Cut and shape gemstones and jewellery pieces.
support childrens wellbeing;Provide an environment that supports and values children and helps them to manage their own feelings and relationships with others.
organise workshop space;Arrange the space of an equipment workshop for maximum efficiency, such as, install lighnting, install a workbench, etc. Decide on the activities and equipment to fit in, and the most convenient way to work. 
carry out shipping orders for parts;Transfer tools, materials and equipment to warehouse locations for shipping.
use painting techniques;Apply painting techniques such as trompe loeil, faux finishing and aging techniques.
tend electroplating machine;Tend a metalworking machine designed to coat metal surfaces by using electric current to form metal coatings on an electrode and on the workpiece, monitor and operate it according to regulations.
enforce chimney sweeping quality standards;Enforce and control the application of industry quality standards by chimney sweepers that are under your supervision.
materials of die;This includes metal materials most often used for die such as magnesium, copper, and brass.
optical components;The components and materials necessary for building optical instruments, such as lenses and frames.
supervise musicians;Guide musicians during rehearsals, live performances or studio recording sessions.
dry coated workpieces;Leave freshly coated workpieces to dry in a temperature-controlled and dust-proof environment.
forensic linguistics;The use of linguistic knowledge, methods, and insights to provide linguistic evidence during a criminal investigation.
maintain physical fitness;Adopt and apply preventive healthy behaviours, including regular physical exercise, a healthy sleep-routine, and a healthy diet.
demolish structures;Remove a structure in a safe and efficient manner and dispose of the debris in a correct and environmentally responsible manner. Use a variety of tools and methods to demolish the structure.
manage physical resources;Manage the physical resources (equipment, materials, premises, services and energy supplies) required to carry out planned activities in the organisation
tally lumber;Keep a tally of specified grades and board footage of checked lumber required to fill an order.
contact event speakers;Get in contact with different kinds of speakers for different kinds of events in order to book them and invite them to the event.
perform annual legal safety checks;"Ensure that all legal requirements for annual safety checks are followed; record safety procedures and inform customers."
understand spoken Albanian;Comprehend orally expressed ?Albanian.
prepare coffins for cremation;Handle coffins, remove any metal handles or ornaments and put the coffin in the cremation oven.
ensure compliance with purchasing and contracting regulations;Implement and monitor company activities in compliance with legal contracting and purchasing legislations.
diagnose patients with immunodeficiencies;Examine and diagnose diseases such as antibody deficiency, combined T- and B-cell deficiency, complement deficiency and phagocytic defects.
drive agricultural machines;Drive tractors, forklifts and other vehicles to transport crops. Move equipment in fields and around buildings, making the appropriate adjustments and maneuvers.
determine image composition;Determine image composition, select and adjust subjects, equipment and lighting to achieve desired effects.
analyse ship operations;Provide a snapshot of ship[ operations and the manner in which systems are operated and maintained. Provide information for action that could be taken to improve performance, or to correct weaknesses.
install ventilation equipment;Install equipment to enable the ventilation of a structure. Mount fans and install air inlets and outlets. Install ducts to permit the transfer of air. Configure the ventilation system if it is electronically controlled.
secure ships using rope;Use rope to secure and untie the ship before departure or upon arrival.
advise customers on hearing aids;Provide customers with advice on various types of hearing aids and inform customers on how to operate and maintain hearing devices.
protective measures related to swimming pool chemicals;Type of equipment used to protect oneself to the exposure to swimming pool chemicals such as chemical goggles, impervious gloves and boots for any chemical handling activities.
adjust projector;Adjust the controls of projection equipment to obtain a clear and well-positioned image.
process refunds;Resolve customer inquiries for returns, exchange of merchandise, refunds or bill adjustments. Follow organisational guidelines during this process.
medical oncology;The characteristics, development, diagnosis and treatment of tumors and cancer in human organisms.
ensure consistency of published articles;Ensure that articles are consistent with the genre and theme of the newspaper, journal or magazine.
operate hydraulic pumps;Operate hydraulic pumping systems.
hand gestures;The meanings of different hand gestures signifying or implying the act of something. For instance, swearing with a raised hand.
implement evaluation methods in music therapy;Implement methods for evaluating and measuring client progress and the effectiveness of therapeutic strategies.
leather chemistry;Chemical composition and chemical properties of hide/skin and chemicals used and their modification during the different tanning processes. Reactions between hide/skin or semi-finished leather and chemical products during the different phases of process and the factors affecting the performance of the reactions and of the process. Monitoring of the chemical indicators of processing and the characteristics of skins/hides/leather.
monitor the discharge of cargo;"Develop cargo discharge plan and monitor the performance of the cranes that offload cargo from the vessel; ensure that relevant occupational safety requirements are met at all times."
control animals in distress;Control distressed or panicked animals safely and without harm to the animal to be slaughtered.
manufacturing of pumps and compressors;The manufacture of different types of pumps, such as air, vacuum or engine pumps as well as hand pumps, and compressors.
adapt Pilates exercises;Suggest relevant Pilates matwork exercise adaptations or options to allow for individual client differences or needs and provide participants with advice on intensity and how to progress their individual performance and results.
maintain contract administration;Keep contracts up to date and organise them according to a classification system for future consultation.
graphics editor software;The field of graphical ICT tools which enable digital editing and composition of graphics, such as GIMP, Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Illustrator, to develop both 2D raster or 2D vector graphics.
operate small craft;Operate small craft used for transport and feeding.
install blinds drive systems;Install mechanical and electrical blinds drive systems such as cranks and tubular motors. If necessary, install and connect the computer control systems such as remote control, sun and wind sensors.
colour grade images with digital intermediate;Use a scanning device to scan film negatives in order to digitally fine-tune them using image editing software.
types of waste collection vehicles;Different types of heavy trucks used for waste collection such as front loaders, rear loaders, and side loaders.
mortgage loans;The financial system of acquiring money by property owners or prospective property owners, in which the loan is secured on the property itself so that the property can be repossessed by the lender in the absence of payments due by the borrower.
conduct geochemical research;Conduct both theoretical and applied geochemical and geological research.
inspect sewers;Inspect sewage drains in order to detect explosive gases using gas analysis equipment.
six sigma;Six Sigma is a method that provides organizations tools to improve the capability of their business processes.
decommissioning;Expertise in removing things from active service or dismantling objects such as power plants, weapons and ships.
handle payments in dentistry;Handle taxes, paychecks and insurance payments for the provided dental services.
livestock feeding;Food given to domestic animals in the course of animal husbandry. 
determine monetary policy actions;Identify the actions concerning the financial policy of a country to maintain price stability and controlling the money supply such as changing the interest or inflation rate.
provide home pet sitting services;Provide pet sitting services in the home or property of the animals owner. Account for the security and integrity of the premises and follow specific owner requirements for the care of the animal in the provision of the service.
coordinate rail services;Effectively manage a team within a variety of rail services such as rail information and communication systems, station and train accessibility, hygiene and cleanliness, safety, security, disruption and incident investigation, to permanently ensure high levels of customer satisfaction.
setup the bar area;Arrange the bar area such as the counter, equipment, side stations, side tables and displays, so that it is ready for the upcoming shift and in conditions which follow safe, hygienic and secure procedures.
maintain operations of vending machines;"Clean and maintain vending machines in order to keep them in a proper state. Perform minor adjustments and repairs if needed; repair jams and similar technical malfunctions. Call out service engineers in case of complicated malfunctions. Refill vending machines with goods."
create crop protection plans;Monitor crops for issues with crop protection. Design integrated control strategies. Assess the consequences of pesticide application. Keep up with developments in biotechnology to help reduce usage of chemicals. Manage pesticide resistance.
manage ethical issues within social services;Apply social work ethical principles to guide practice and manage complex ethical issues, dilemmas and conflicts in accordance to occupational conduct, the ontology and the code of ethics of the social services occupations, engaging in ethical decision making by applying standards of national and - as applicable - international codes of ethics or statements of principles.
thermal materials;Field of information which distinguishes different kinds of thermally conductive and interface materials such as thermal modules used in electronic instrumentation and several energy applications. Their intention is to dissipate heat.
define prop building methods;Decide on how to build the necessary props and document the process.
prepare fish holding units;Clean the holding unit before receiving fish. Determine the water volume and flow rate. Prevent leaks. Conduct swim through.
Havok Vision;The game engine that consists of integrated development environments and specialised design tools, designed for the rapid iteration of user-derived computer games.  
perform search and rescue missions;Assist in fighting natural and civic disasters, such as forest fires, floods and road accidents. Conduct search-and-rescue missions.
use warp knitting technologies;Use warp knitting machine technologies that enable the formation of fabrics. Able to set machines for warp knitting, colour and pattern for monitoring and controlling the warp knitting process on electronic automatic warp knitting machines equipped with multifunction microprocessor and software.
prepare desserts;Cook, bake, decorate and present hot and cold savoury and sweet pastry products, desserts and puddings.
separate by-products of pressed cocoa;Separates by-products of the cocoa pressing process, such as chocolate liquor and cocoa cakes, from the cocoa butter.
train staff in navigational requirements;"Plan and conduct ground training activities and airborne instruction; apply navigational methods to mission requirements."
supervise projects for the conservation of heritage buildings;Supervise protection and restoration projects of cultural heritage. Use your expertise to make sure the project runs smoothly.
validate amusement park tickets;Validate tickets for venues, amusement parks and rides.
apply reverse engineering;Use techniques to extract information or disassemble an ICT component, software or system in order to analyse, correct and reassemble or reproduce it.
thanatology;The interdisciplinary study of death and the dying.
clean warehouse;Maintain the work area of the warehouse in an organised and clean manner.
schedule regular machine maintenance;Schedule and perform regular maintenance, cleaning, and repairs of all equipment. Order necessary machine parts and upgrade equipment when necessary to ensure optimal performance.
conduct full-scale emergency plan exercises;Conduct and mobilise all efforts, support organisations, resources, and communications within the airport, to carry out prevention plan exercises in order to prepare and train airport personnel for real-life emergency situations.
manage tourist groups;Monitor and guide tourists ensuring positive group dynamics and address areas of conflict and concern where they occur.
shale gas;The type of natural gas that can be found in shale formations.
perform general maintenance on ship exteriors;Perform maintenance tasks on ship exteriors e.g. cleaning, painting, sanding, fibreglass restoration, varnishing, polishing, finishing, carpentry, etc.
understand written Yiddish;Read and comprehend written texts in Yiddish.
handle incoming insurance claims;Manage, process and evaluate submitted requests for insurance in case a problem, which is covered under an insurance policy, occurs. The claim may or may not be approved, based on assessment of the circumstances.
install cable TV services;Ensure that home or offices are properly wired to receive cable TV.
analyse own performance;Understand, analyse and describe your own performance. Contextualize your work in one or various styles, trends, evolution, etc. Self-evaluate your work in rehearsals and performances.
data storage;The physical and technical concepts of how digital data storage is organised in specific schemes both locally, such as hard-drives and random-access memories (RAM) and remotely, via network, internet or cloud.
apply airport standards and regulations;Know and apply the accepted standards and regulations for European airports. Apply knowledge to enforce airport rules, regulations, and the Airport Safety Plan.
develop online community plan;Create the communitys plan to grow the online community, build usage, retain recent users and increase the users participation.
monitor the conformance to the project methodology;Evaluate the activities carried out in the execution of a project (from initiating to closing) in order to ensure the compliance with a given methodology which aims to ensure that projects are run effectively within the defined constraints. It can be supported by the usage of a standard quality assurance checklists customized for the use of the specific organization.
medical furniture;The types medical furniture such as dentist chairs, hospital beds or cabinets and the type of materials used to create the furniture.
manage data collection systems;Develop and manage methods and strategies used to maximise data quality and statistical efficiency in the collection of data, in order to ensure the gathered data are optimised for further processing.
conduct on board safety inspections;"Conduct on board safety inspections; identify and remove potential threats to the physical integrity of the ship crew."
work independently in sales;Develop ones own methods of operating with little to no supervision. Sell products, communicate with clients, and coordinate sales while working independently of others. Depend on ones self to perform day-to-day tasks.
jewellery processes;Materials and processes involved in creating jewellery items like earrings, necklaces, rings, brackets, etc.
perform maintenance on eyewear;Conduct repair activities on eyewear, such as calibration, alignment and adjustments or replacement of frames, lenses and other parts.
ensure the privacy of guests;Develop methods and strategies to ensure maximum customer privacy.
perform ritual cleaning activities;Clean equipment and tools according to set traditions and rites, handling the materials as prescribed.
prepare equipment for navigation operations;Prepare and operate main and auxiliary equipment supporting the navigation operations. Set up and monitor checklists and follow implementation procedures.
ecology;The study of how organisms interact and their relation to the ambient environment.
supervise lighting crew;Supervise the crew responsible for setting up and operating lighting equipment during production of a motion picture or theatre production. Make sure they understand the creative vision and use the right equipment and settings.
handle stressful situations;Deal with and manage highly stressful situations in the workplace by following adequate procedures, communicating in a quiet and effective manner, and remaining level-headed when taking decisions.
legal requirements of ICT products;The international regulations related to the development and use of ICT products.
apply foot casts;Order, and cover patients legs, ankles and feet with foot casts and walking braces. These protect and support the lower leg and foot following fractures or injuries and reduce injury healing time.
educate customers on coffee varieties;Instruct customers about origins, characteristics, differences in flavours and blends of coffee products.
legal research;The methods and procedures of research in legal matters, such as the regulations, and different approaches to analyses and source gathering, and the knowledge on how to adapt the research methodology to a specific case to obtain the required information.
monitor concrete curing process;Monitor the process where the poured concrete cures or sets. Make sure the concrete does not dry too quickly, which may cause cracking. Rehumidify the concrete when called for.
advocate for consumer matters in production plants;Conduct regulatory oversight activities inside production plants concerning consumer matters, e.g. misbranding, consumer protection, etc.
produce piano components;Choose the appropriate materials and tools, and build the different piano parts such as frames, pedal mechanisms, keyboards and strings.
address potential aerodrome hazards;Address potential aerodrome hazards such as foreign objects, debris, and wildlife interference.
manufacture of wooden barrels;The processes involved in the production of wooden barrels such as material selection, shaping, toasting, fitting, planing and sanding.
interact with users to gather requirements;Communicate with users to identify their requirements and collect them. Define all relevant user requirements and document them in an understandable and logical way for further analysis and specification.
Litmos;The computer program Litmos is a e-learning platform for creating, administrating, arranging, reporting and delivering e-learning education courses or training programs. It is developed by the software company CallidusCloud.
develop advanced materials;Select materials for further exploration and conduct material synthesis experiments to support the development of advanced materials.
perform preliminary operations for oil extraction;Perform preliminary operations to raw materials such as cracking, shelling and dehulling before the oil extraction.
manufacturing of furniture;The manufacture of all types of office, shop, kitchen or other furniture such as chairs, tables, sofas, shelves, benches and more, in various types of material such as wood, glass, metal or plastic.
understand written Hungarian;Read and comprehend written texts in Hungarian.
manage data for legal matters;Collect, organise and prepare data for analysis and review during investigation, regulatory filings and other legal processes.
carry out order intake;Take in of purchase requests for items that are currently unavailable.
advise on furniture style;Provide advice to customers on fashionable styles of furniture and appropriateness of different furniture styles for particular locations, considering the customers taste and preferences.
identify stress points of customer interaction;Determine inefficiencies, anomalies or inconsistencies in the way customers see your brand, service or product.
synthesise research publications;Read and interpret scientific publications that present a research problem, the methodology, its solution and hypothesis. Compare them and extract the information needed.
tend thread rolling machine;Tend automated or semi-automated thread rolling machine creating threads, monitor and operate it, according to regulations.
tend boring machine;Tend a boring machine, monitor and operate it, according to regulations.
teach kindergarten class content;Instruct pre-primary students in basic learning principles, in preparation for future formal learning. Teach them the principles of certain basic subjects such as number, letter, and colour recognition, days of the week, and the categorisation of animals and vehicles.
sanding grits;Distinguish different grits of sandpaper in order to obtain a rougher or finer finish of the wood.
PostgreSQL;The computer program PostgreSQL is a free and open-source software tool for creating, updating and managing databases, developed by the PostgreSQL Global Development Group.
manage personal professional development;Take responsibility for lifelong learning and continuous professional development. Engage in learning to support and update professional competence. Identify priority areas for professional development based on reflection about own practice and through contact with peers and stakeholders. Pursue a cycle of self-improvement and develop credible career plans.
draft design specifications;List the design specifications such as materials and parts to be used and a cost estimate.
operate in a specific field of nursing care;Operate within an extended practice role in order to carry out advanced treatment, diagnostic and invasive interventions as related to the field of specialisation.
nanotechnology;Technologies, science, and engineering activities conducted on a nanoscale, where material or extremely small components are manipulated on an atomic, molecular, or supramolecular scale.
monitor field surveys;Monitor the progress and determine corrective actions such as adjusting the distribution of investigators according to the progress of the investigation. Transmit field survey data to the accounting or billing department.
design miniature props;Draw miniature prop sketches and define prop materials and building methods.
conduct research on trends in design;Conduct research on present and future evolutions and trends in design, and associated target market features.
pruning techniques;The techniques of selectively removing parts of trees and plants to foster better growth and regeneration.
shape corporate culture;Observe and define the elements in the corporate culture of a company in order to reinforce, integrate and shape further the codes, values, beliefs and behaviours aligned with the companys aims.
heat up vacuum forming medium;Switch on the medium heater to heat the vacuum forming medium to the right temperator before using the vacuum to press it onto the mould. Make sure the medium is at a high enough temperature to be malleable, but not so high as to introduce wrinkles or webbing in the final product.
make made-to-measure garments;Make garments and other wearing apparel according to specific measures and tailored patterns.
keep records of attendance;Keep track of the pupils who are absent by recording their names on a list of absentees.
operate dragline;Use large dragline excavators to remove overburden above coal, lignite, and other minerals. Drag a bucket attached to a line over the surface to collect material and remove it.
plan the stocking of products;Decide where and how the goods are to be stocked in the warehouse.
help customers with hair problems;Offer solutions for or ways to deal with hair problems, such as gray hair, hair loss, hair damage or greasy hair, or scalp problems such as dandruff or psoriasis.
assess others;"Assess, estimate and understand the feelings or temperament of others; showing empathy."
apply advanced driving techniques;Being capable to effectively steer a vehicle in extreme situations using defensive, evasive or offensive driving.
understand spoken Danish;Comprehend orally expressed Danish.
copyright and licenses related to digital content;Understand how copyright and licences apply to data, information and digital content.
develop mechatronic test procedures;Develop testing protocols to enable a variety of analyses of mechatronic systems, products, and components.
ensure hotel security;Guarantee the security of guests and the premises by monitoring the different hotel zones.
cut rubberized fabrics;Cut the fabric after each revolution of the belt.
geothermal power generation methods;Different ways to extract the thermal energy stored in the earth in order to produce electricity by extracting steam to activate turbines, by extracting hot water and converting it into steam, or by using a binary system that transforms a secondary liquid into steam.
assess HACCP implementation in plants;Assess the adequate implementation of HACCP in plants. Assure that plants are operating within the specifications of their written plans for HACCP, sanitation, and processing.
check quality of raw materials;Check the quality of basic materials used for the production of semi-finished and finished goods by assessing some of its characteristics and, if needed, select samples to be analysed.
write stress-strain analysis reports;Write down a report with all your findings encountered during the stress analysis. Write down performances, failures and other conclusions.
cooperate with professionals;Communicate with professionals of other organisations that support young people such as social care, health, police, education and local authorities in order to identify needs and areas of improvement in youth work, and to establish a collaborative relationship.
prepare board for soldering;Prepare the loaded printed circuit boards for solder operations. Clean the board and mark designated areas.
ensure student welfare;Ensure that the needs of students in educational organisations are met, and that any learning issues are addressed, as well as potential problems outside of an educational context.
monitor extraction logging operations;"Monitor logging operations and oversee formation testing and sampling operations; analyse and interpret results."
manufacturing of by-products from tobacco;The processes, materials, and techniques to manufacture by products using tobacco leaves as a base such as tobacco paste for the skin and insecticides.
provide psychological health assessment strategies;Provide strategies, methods and techniques of psychological health assessment in specific areas of activity such as of pain, illness and stress management.
review social service plan;Review social service plans, taking your service users views and preferences into account. Follow up on the plan, assessing the quantity and quality of services provided.
operate tractor;Operate a tractor, a heavy vehicle designed to deliver high torque at low speeds.
Sakai;The computer program Sakai is a e-learning platform for creating, administrating, arranging, reporting and delivering e-learning education courses or training programs. It is developed by the software company Apereo.
advise on public finance;Advise public organisations such as governmental organisations on their financial operations and procedures, to ensure optimal efficiency.
apply decision making within social work;Take decisions when called for, staying within the limits of granted authority and considering the input from the service user and other caregivers.
specify digital game scenes;Describe scenes of digital games by communicating and cooperating with artistic crew, designers and artists in order to define the scope of the games virtual environments.
steer vessels in ports;Direct the course of vessels in ports using information on the local weather, wind, water depths tides, etc. Ensure that vessels avoid hazards such as reefs through use of navigational aids.
manage cleaning activities;Oversee cleaning activities undertaken by employees.
perform park safety inspections;Inspect the park or part of the park. Note and report problems like blocked trails and risks like overflowing rivers.
detect flaws in bottles;Detect possible flaws in bottles and take decisions about the bottles and the lot being produced, and reject bottles that do not suit the production.
interact with airport stakeholders;Meet government officials, environmental experts, developers, special interest groups as well as the general public, airport users, and other stakeholders, in order to assess different services, facilities, and the usability of the airport.
follow environmentally-sustainable work practices;Apply principles, policies and regulations aimed at environmental sustainability in the workplace.
call witnesses;Call witnesses during court hearings at the appropriate time, when it is time for them to be questioned or present their story, compliant with court procedure regulations.
use precision tools;Use electronic, mechanical, electric, or optical precision tools, such as drilling machines, grinders, gear cutters and milling machines to boost accuracy while machining products.
separate tobacco shreds by size;Weigh tobacco for a specified number of cigarettes. Place it in an agitator equipped with a series of screens to sort shreds based on size.
biomedical techniques;The various methods and techniques used in biomedical laboratory such as molecular and biomedical techniques, imaging techniques, genetic engineering, electrophysiology techniques and in silico techniques.
anticipate logistics requirements for port operations;Anticipate port logistics according to vessel departure and arrival. Manage workforce to carry out port activities.
ski;The techniques related to skiing such as carve turn, parallel turn and jump turn and the equipment used in skiing.
train military troops;Train military troops or people in training to join the force in drill, combat techniques, weaponry, regulations, operation procedures, camouflage, and other military practices.
inspect climbing equipment;Check climbing equipment, keeping track of the usage history of the product, making sure the product is certified, verifying the presence of all parts and detecting signs of corrosion or chemical damage.
demonstrate specialisation in a dance tradition;Demonstrate an embodied understanding of dance and dance-making, and an informed artistic viewpoint of your chosen dance style, that enables you to reconstruct or create a choreographic work fully immersed in your selected dance tradition.
operate electronic measuring instruments;Tend a wide variety of devices for measuring electronic characteristics of system components, such as optical power meter, fibre power meter, digital power meter and multimeter.
insert wick;Cut the wick to specified length and insert it into the mould of the candle.
types of staining;Check the fabric for different kinds of stains such as invisible, perspirative, and oxidation stains. Understand the right way to deal with the defects by testing the nature of the stain, the type of fabric (absorbed, built up and compound staining) and the colour fastness of the dye.
manage localisation;Modify content or a product for the transference from one locale to another through the use of content translation or localisation service providers.
Code of Conduct for Responsible Fisheries;Food and Agriculture Organisation of the United Nations (FAO) Code of Conduct for Responsible Fisheries and the guidelines established for professional fishers.
impart business plans to collaborators;Diffuse, present, and communicate business plans and strategies to managers, employees making sure that objectives, actions, and important messages are properly conveyed.
conditions for professional practice of health psychology;The institutional, legal and psychosocial conditions for professional practice of health psychology with the aim to apply them in the exercise of the psychological profession in health care.
analyse stress resistance of materials;Analyse the ability of materials to endure stress imposed by temperature, loads, motion, vibration, and other factors using mathematical formulae and computer simulations.
execute conversion testing;Plan, execute and measure conversion tests and experiments to test the possibility to convert one data format  into another.
show social competences;Ability to interact effectively with other people.
manage procurement planning;Develop and implement procurement planning that translate the policy choices of the organisation into where and how public procurement should be used to cost-effectively purchase the required supplies, services or works in line with the desired policy impact.
examine sample garments;"Examine sample garments; alter designs of sample garments."
perform dosimetry measurements;Measure and calculate doses received by patients and other persons subjected to nonmedical imaging procedures using medical radiological equipment. Select and maintain dosimetry related instrumentation. Measure dose related quantities and input data in dose reporting and estimating devices.
schedule shifts;Plan staff time and shifts to reflect the demands of the business.
use logical reasoning;Use cognitive abilities to make decisions and to move logically from one idea to another.
teach languages;Instruct students in the theory and practice of a language. Use a wide range of teaching and learning techniques to promote proficiency in reading, writing, listening, and speaking in that language.
plan vehicle replacement;"Plan and organise the replacement of vehicles after evaluating the fleet; ensure that regular operations remain unaffected."
coordinate fish handling operations;Organise fish handling operations to avoid fish products deterioration. Check the cleanliness of the deck and fishing hole before loading and manipulation. Control that the headless, gutted, washed and sorted, if applicable, is performed taking into account health hygiene regulations.
perform curd processing of cheese;Perform curd processing of cheese whereby cheeses are drained, salted, and packaged. Cuts the curd into small cubes to allow water to drain from the individual pieces of curd. Apply heat for additional drainage of liquids.
Bosnian;The ?Bosnian language.
stabilise pH of starches;Stabilise pH of starches by performing pH tests, adding chemicals for the purpose in adequate quantities.
check tickets at venue entry;Ensure that all guests have valid tickets for the specific venue or show and report on irregularities.
advise patients on vision improvement conditions;Advise patients with low vision on strategies to enhance their sight, such as use of magnification and lighting equipment.
adhere to organisational guidelines;Adhere to organisational or department specific standards and guidelines. Understand the motives of the organisation and the common agreements and act accordingly.
show impartiality in an assessment situation;Assess candidates based on objective criteria and methods according to a pre-defined standard or procedure, taking into account prejudice or bias, to make or facilitate objective and transparent decisions.
handle carriers;Organise the transportation system through which a product is conveyed to its buyer, through which a product is sourced from a supplier, including customs.
animal positions;Possess information on the various positions animals take in a natural environment and in different circumstances. Not only the anatomy and figure of the animal is important, but especially the natural way of standing and moving.
install irrigation systems;Install and shift irrigation systems to distribute water according to needs.
pack vegetables or fruits;Sort and pack vegetables or fruits considering specific methods for the different products.
manage resources in food manufacturing;Managing resources to ensure sufficient and appropriate trained staff to ensure consistent performance.
rhetoric;The art of discourse that aims at improving the ability of writers and speakers to inform, persuade or motivate their audience.
Turkish;The Turkish language.
manage pharmaceutical production facilities construction;Manage the design and construction of pharmaceutical production facilities making sure the facilities and process validation are according to the planning and conform to FDA and GMP.
translate spoken language;Translate the dialogue between two speakers and the speeches of individuals into written text, oral or sign language in your mother tongue or in a foreign language.
position musicians;Position qualified musicians within musical groups, orchestras or ensembles, to obtain a correct balance among instrumental or vocal sections.
integrate marketing strategies with the global strategy;Integrate the marketing strategy and its elements such as the market definition, competitors, price strategy, and communication with the general guidelines of the global strategy of the company.
create advertisements;Use your creativity to draft advertiments. Keep in mind the costumers requirements, target audience, media and marketing objectives.
place concrete forms;Set up forms out of wood, plywood, various plastics, or other suitable materials to form concrete into supportive columns or walls. Place sheathing delineating the shape of the planned structure and use supportive constructions, usually incorporating wales, cleats and stakes, to keep the sheathing firmly in place as the concrete cures.
adjust rolling slide;Use manual switch for adjusting the rolling slide, which holds the die block, of a thread rolling machine.
reserve merchandise for customers;Reserve items for customers and make follow-up calls to ensure that reserved items are picked up within the reservation time frame.
participate in rabbinical court proceedings;Participate in proceedings of the Beth Din, a rabbinical court having authority over such matters as divorce, adoption, conversion and other communal ecclesiastical matters. With the consent of both parties, it may also try civil disputes.
laser types;The various types of lasers, their specific qualities and their applications, such as for cutting, engraving, welding, and others.
tend screw machine;Tend a metalworking machine designed to produce metal screws, by process of cold heading and thread rolling, monitor and operate it according to regulations.
repackage medical equipment after sterilisation;Re-assemble and package the newly sterilized medical equipment and devices, sealing and labelling them properly for further use.
develop microelectromechanical system test procedures;Develop testing protocols, such as parametric tests and burn-in tests, to enable a variety of analyses of microelectromechanical (MEM) systems, products, and components before, during, and after the building of the microsystem.
perform a feasibility study on biogas energy;Perform the evaluation and assessment of the potential of generating biogas from waste materials. Realise a standardised study to determine the total cost of ownership, and the pros and cons of using this form of energy, and conduct research to support the process of decision making.
train animals for professional purposes;Train animals for specific activities in order to help humans carry out their professional tasks.
monitor programming;Monitor whether programming schedules are met and ensure that the quality of the programs is adequate.
recognise abnormalities on board;Identify anomalies and abnormalities on board, evaluate them, and take appropriate actions to restore normal operation of ship. Check all (safety) systems for operational functions. Organise actions to be taken in the event of an identified problem.
components of a ship manifest;Know the different components comprising the ships manifest, in which information on the cargo, passengers, and crew are disclosed. Corroborate the written information with actual facts.
International Convention for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships;The fundamental principals and requirements laid in the International Regulation for the Prevention of Pollution from Ships (MARPOL): Regulations for the Prevention of Pollution by Oil, Regulations for the Control of Pollution by Noxious Liquid Substances in Bulk, prevention of Pollution by Harmful Substances Carried by Sea in Packaged Form, Prevention of Pollution by Sewage from Ships, Prevention of Pollution by Garbage from Ships, Prevention of Air Pollution from Ships.
teach braille;Instruct visually impaired or blind students in the theory and practice of braille, more specifically in the writing and understanding of braille, the alphabet, and the writing system.
offshore renewable energy technologies;The different technologies used to implement the marine renewable energy to an increasing degree, such as wind, wave and tidal turbines, floating photovoltaics, hydrocratic generators and ocean thermal energy conversion (OTEC).
deterioration of fish products;Process of decomposition and spoilage of fish products: physical, enzymatic, microbiological and chemical processes occurring after harvesting.
handle cargo space on sale;handle cargo spaces on sale, which can include both buying and selling cargo space on ships for commodities handled.
prevent technical problems with scenic elements;Anticipate possible technical problems with scenic elements.
report children unsafe behaviour;Report unsafe behaviour of children to parents, supervisors or school officials, depending on the location or situation.
sell orthopedic goods;sell a variety of orthopaedic tools and products of different sizes and styles, such as ankle braces, arm slings and back supports.
railway framework legislation;Know and apply railway framework legislation where requirements for railways in the EU are established. Know legislation that applies to the field of cross-border freight transit.
ensure safe arrival of trains;Ensure safe arrival of trains at their destinations. Utilise practical knowledge to signal trains on the railway network in order to ensure operations run smoothly.
prepare paint ingredients;Prepare the paint ingredients to be mixed such as thinner, solvent, paint or lacquer making sure they are correctly weighted and are accroding to the specified formula.
write Catalan;Compose written texts in ?Catalan.
manage rented goods returns;Organise the return of rented goods to the distributor.
interpret 3D plans;Interpret and understand plans and drawings in manufacturing processes which include representations in three dimensions.
analyse experimental laboratory data;Analyse experimental data and interpret results to write reports and summaries of findings
prepare building permit applications;Fill in the forms and prepare any additional documentation needed to file an application to receive the construction permit required for erecting, renovating, and modifying buildings.
hydrocarbon cracking techniques;Understand various techniques used to convert long-chained or heavy oil fractions, such as naptha, into more profitable lighter products. Be aware of processes like hydrocracking, fluid catalytic cracking, and visbreaking.
research family histories;Determine history of a family and its family tree by researching into existing genealogical databases, conducting interviews and performing qualitative research into reliable sources.
maritime law;Collection of domestic and international laws and treaties that govern behaviour on the sea.
solar thermal energy systems for hot water and heating;Use of solar tube collectors systems to generate and store domestic potable hot water and heating, and its contribution to energy performance.
psychosociology;The implications related to how an individual is behaving, depending on the group to which the individual belongs to and how this influences him/her.
write horoscopes;Write a horoscope in an engaging and informative style for an individual customer or for inclusion in a periodical.
forecast future levels of business;Predict how the business will perform in future, potential expenditures and revenues to project situations for future periods
monitor proper product handling;Supervise the handling of products in the store and storage area and issue instructions.
maintain records of clients prescriptions;Keep records of customers prescriptions, payments and work orders sent to the laboratory.
manage port operations improvement procedures;Manage all improvement procedures in port operations, including their development and implementation. Understand port activities, operations, and the way these are carried out, to manage improvement.
work with authorities related to mortuary services;Liaise with police, funeral directors, spiritual care personnel and the families of the deceased.
domestic cooling systems;The modern and traditional cooling systems such as air conditioning, ventilation, or radiant cooling, and their energy saving principles.
database management systems;The tools for creating, updating and managing databases, such as Oracle, MySQL and Microsoft SQL Server.
develop management plans to reduce risks in aquaculture;Develop a management plan to reduce the risks from pests, predators and diseases. Supervise implementation of plan, especially disease prevention measures, throughout the aquaculture facility.
evaluate cost of software products;Apply methods and techniques to estimate and evaluate the cost of software products during their life-cycle phases, including development and acquisition costs, cost of maintenance, incorporated cost of quality - compliance and non-compliance associated costs.
ensure safety in the production area;Take ultimate responsibility for the safety, quality and efficiency of the production area.
use different types of fire extinguishers;Understand and apply various methods of firefighting and various types and classes of fire extinguishing equipment.
install structural glazing;Assemble the support structures, fix them on the building facade, insert the chassis if necessary, and fit the glass panes into the structures. In case of large construction projects, fix pre-assembled modules on the facade using rigging equipment and power tools.
lift heavy weights;Lift heavy weights and apply ergonomic lifting techniques to avoid damaging the body.
test chemical samples;Perform the testing procedures on the already prepared chemical samples, by using the necessary equipment and materials. Chemical sample testing involves operations such as pipetting or diluting schemes.
film studies;The theoretical, historical, and critical approaches to films. This includes the narrative, artistic, cultural, economic, and political implications of cinema.
attach PEX pipe;Make attachments between PEX pipes and between PEX and other materials. Put a copper crimp ring around both ends. Insert a connector piece between the cable ends and use the appropriate size crimp tool to crimp the rings. Check the crimp operation using a go-no-go tool.
assemble wire harnesses;Build wire harness assemblies using wire harness boards.
maintain ICT identity management;Administer identification, authentication and authorisation of individuals within a system and control their access to resources by associating user rights and restrictions with the established identity.
manage fuel inventory;"Submit fuel orders in time; make sure fuel is delivered before reserves are depleted."
edit dictionary entries;Edit the work of fellow lexicographers to make sure information is correct and complete.
prepare workpieces for engraving;Prepare mechanical tools and workpieces for engraving by polishing their surface and bevelling the workpiece to remove sharp edges. Polishing is done using different sandpapers and sand films which applied from rougher ones to very fine ones.
supervise brand management;Supervise the promotion of a particular brand of goods, by liaising with the appropriate departments.
advise customers on body adornment;Provide customers with advice on the choice of body decoration or ornaments, such as paintings, piercings, ear stretches or tattoos, taking into account the customers wishes.
manage inventory;Control product inventory in balance of availability and storage costs.
design database backup specifications;Specify procedures to be performed on databases which ensure the copying and archiving of data for possible restoration in case of a data loss event.
manage securities trading;Administer and control the sale and purchase of tradable financial products such as equity and debt securities.
work in underwater chamber;Work from various types of underwater chambers such as bells, wet bells and underwater habitats. Distinguish the properties of the chamber and keep yourself and others in the chamber safe.
help set performance schedule;Take the necessary steps to develop a performance schedule. Help plan the schedule for a tour or performance venues. Respond to any unexpected events. Communicate the schedules to the persons concerned.
carry out work-related measurements;Use suitable units, tools and equipment to carry out calculations for length, area, volume, weight, time, geometric shapes and sketches.
maintain correspondence records;Sort correspondence and attach previous records or files of correspondence with incoming mails.
introduce artist to potential employers;Make sure the artists come into contact with potential employers so they can advertise themselves and their work.
accompany people;Chaperon individuals on trips, to events or appointments or to go shopping.
operate drilling jumbo;Operate a large, mobile mining machine equipped with pneumatic or hydraulic hammers to bore horizontal holes in hard rock to enable blasting. Drilling jumbos are used for mining development.
clinical examinations in dietetics;Methods used to evaluate clinical skills in dietetics.
principles of insurance;The understanding of the principles of insurance, including third party liability, stock and facilities.
licences regulation;The requirements and rules that must be compliant for a permit or licence.
purchase automotive equipment;"Purchase automotive equipment such as spare parts, supplies and materials; maintain and repair vehicles."
perform clerical duties;Perform administrative tasks such as filing, typing up reports and maintaining mail correspondence.
report major building repairs;Notify the supervisors or managers concerning the need to undertake major repairs or adjustments to the building.
follow given instructions;Follow instructions to achieve goals and meet deadlines.
search for explosive devices;Monitor and search the surroundings and insides of the client’s accommodation, work place and transport routes and detect explosive devices aimed at harming the client.
advertising techniques;The communication strategies intended to persuade or encourage an audience, and the different media which are used to achieve this goal.
heating, ventilation, air conditioning and refrigeration parts;The different parts constituing heating, air conditioning and refrigeration systems such as the different valves, fans, compressors, condensers, filters and other components.
inspect asphalt;Inspect the placement of asphalt concrete ensuring that the specifications are met and no flows are present.
operate digital printers;Handle inkjet and laser printers, allowing the operator to print documents in a single pass. Download or print the digital files to the digital printing machine using the correct machine and print download settings so that the correct fonts and substrates are used and the output meets the specifications and required quality standards.
tend press operation;Operate press that separates juice from pomace. Start up the conveyor that transports pomace to the disintegrating machine.
clean printed circuit board;Clean the printed circuit boards and components as necessary before, during, and after the assembly process.
add coils to ceramic work;Adjust the ceramic work and follow a sophisticated process of creation by adding coils to the work. Coils are long rolls of clay, which can be placed on top of each other in order to create various shapes.
write Estonian;Compose written texts in Estonian.
sign income tax returns;Revise, file, and act as a guarantee reference that the income tax returns are in order and according to the governmental requirements.
manufacturing of different chilled prepared meals;The different processes, procedures and technologies for manufacturing prepared meals and dishes such as pasta based, meat based, and specialties kept at cool temperatures.
operate projector;Operate projection equipment manually or with a control panel.
manage periodic calibration plans;Identify the measurement equipment, periodicity, and methodology for calibrating equipment considering an acceptable error margin.
maintain privacy;Work with clients on a confidential basis. Respect your clients privacy by not disclosing any personal information about them. Also do not disclose personal information about yourself to the clients. Make sure clear rules are set to maintain confidentiality.
manage gaming cash desk;To ensure compliance with company operating procedures and relevant legislation for cash desk activities.To apply the mandatory policies on anti money laundering and other financial frauds and actively control debt management and recovery within agreed parameters
coordinate components of the work;Select sequences of a work, and put them into a structure. Create transitions and/or modulations. Assess the organisation of the sequences. Rearrange them according to strong points and adjust them according to the desired structure.
manage chemical testing procedures;Manage the procedures to be used in chemical testing by designing them and conducting tests accordingly.
augmented reality;The process of adding diverse digital content (such as images, 3D objects, etc) on surfaces that exist in the real world. The user can interact in real-time with the technology by using devices such as mobile phones.
interact with an audience;Respond to the reactions of an audience and involve them in the particular performance or communication.
minerals prices;Prices of metals and minerals and associated production costs.
perform VATS;Perform video assisted thoracoscopic surgery or VATS, during which a lung is collapsed and the thoracoscope and surgical instruments are inserted into the thorax through any of three to four small incisions in the chest wall.
promote good habits to avoid communication disorders;Promote good habits to avoid communication disorders or malformations affecting communication, swallowing or hearing.
exude enthusiasm during the action sessions;Transmit enthusiasm through words and attitude toward the present people to the auction towards the goods to be auctioned.
demonstrate emergency procedures;Provide information on and demonstrate emergency procedures to passengers. Explain the use of emergency equipment and direct passengers to the nearest emergency exits.
make use of personal robots for practical support;Use semi-autonomous or autonomous machines which automatically carry out complex actions while being guided by digital or electronic software, such as driverless cars, drones and other machines.
facilitate compositional structures in dance;Recognise and facilitate dance compositional structures appropriate to a chosen dance style and dance making process, according to the programme design, participant and group needs. Include a groups ideas through a choreographic process.
conduct jewellery market research;Conduct market research in order to identify which types of jewellery items are popular at a specific time: earrings, rings, neckwear, wrist wear, etc.
calculate betting target odds;Calculate betting target odds to guarantee profitability for the house and fair share for the customers.
implement exercise activities for animals;Provide exercise opportunities that are suitable for respective animals and meet their particular physical requirements.
allocate badges;Register guests and give them badges to access the business quarters.
train planning;"Thoroughly understand the techniques, procedures, and tools used to compose a train timetable; know various types of train plans; identify possible constraints to be considered in planning activities."
write up a list of technical specifications;Determine the profile and size of the technical crew at performance venues, sound equipment needs, lighting needs, multimedia equipment needs, stage design needs, floors installation needs, and any other issue related to the performance of the work that should be supervised by repetiteur.
adjust tightness of pump components;"Tighten or unscrew pump parts using hand and power tools; maintenance of tubing, casing and pump rods."
form bed for glass;Form a bed for glass on the metal trays by spreading plasters of paris using rollers or pallete knifes.
negotiate land access;Negotiate with landowners, tenants, mineral rights owners, regulatory bodies or other stakeholders to obtain permission to access areas of interest for exploration or sampling.
optical manufacturing process;The process and different stages of manufacturing an optical product, from design and prototyping to the preparation of optical components and lenses, the assembly of optical equipment, and the intermediate and final testing of the optical products and its components.
create production schedules;Create the timeline for the production of a motion picture, broadcast program or artistic production. Decide how long each phase will take and what its requirements are. Take into account the existing schedules of the production team and create a viable schedule. Inform the team of the schedule.
transcribe ideas into musical notation;Transcribe/translate musical ideas into musical notation, using instruments, pen and paper, or computers.
types of pottery material;Types of clays and mud and their appearance, properties, reaction to fire, etc.
manage content development projects;Plan and implement the creation, delivery and management of digital or printed content, develop a system that describes the entire editorial content development and publishing process and use ICT tools to support the process.
develop a specific interior design;Develop a conceptual interior design fitting the global mood the room(s) must convey, according to the quality standards agreed on. Adhere to the order of a client for a domestic area or to the concept of an artistic production, such as a movie or a theatre play.
chase threaded hole;Chase the threaded holes that accept screws with a tap in order to restore them to their original dimension after the screws may have been bound together during, for example, the metalworking anodising process.
report casino incidents;Report incidents with casino customers occurring in gaming areas.
shape metal over anvils;Forge pieces of metal over an anvil using the appropriate hand tools and heating equipment.
supervise students in social services;Supervise social work students while they are on social work placement. Share expertise and train them to execute their responsibilities well.
carry out repair of motorcycles;Carry out repairs and routine maintenance checks for motorcycles such as engine tune-ups, oil changes, tire rotation, tire changes, engine failures and mechanical system malfunctions. Replace parts and components.
counsel clients;Assist and guide clients to overcome their personal, social, or psychological issues.
psychophysiology;The study that examines the relation between the mind and the body. In other words, this study investigates physical responses to thoughts and emotions.
prescribe corrective lenses;Prescribe eyeglasses and contact lenses, according to measurements and tests conducted.
study ancient inscriptions;Interpret, research and investigate ancient insciptions on stone, marble or wood such as Egyptian hieroglyphs.
keep up-to-date to design industry trends;Stay updated with new trends and developments in the design industry.
correct potentially harmful movements;Recognise when a particpant performs a movement that could cause short or long term damage to the body. Respond with verbal instructions and/or physical demonstration to ensure competence is achieved.
report on pest inspections;Provide written reports on all inspections carried out on buildings and all treatments applied and materials used to manage pests.
prepare screen printing;Prepare a screen for printing by applying the photo emulsion technique, where an original image is created on an overlay and the inked areas are not transparent. Select a screen, coat it with a certain emulsion by using a squeegee and expose the print after putting it in a dry room, leaving a negative stencil of the image on the mesh.
collect samples from animals;Obtain specimens of an animals body fluids, secretions, excretion or other tissues, in order to facilitate the diagnosis of health and disease.
plan nursing care in a specialised field;Lead and coordinate the treatment of patients in the field of specialisation to ensure continuous care of a consistent high quality.
identify fossils;Classify fossils by examining their age through radiometric dating and compare them to identified fossils in order to discover their environment, diet, and skeletal structure.
footwear machinery;Tthe functionality of the wide range of machines, and the basic rules of regular maintenance.
pharmaceutical chemistry;The chemical aspects of identification and synthetic alteration of chemical entities as they relate to therapeutic use. The way various chemicals affect biological systems and how they can be integrated in drug development.
define part requirements;Calculate and determine the functional, physical, structural, geometrical and size dimensions for the parts necessary to create machines or equipment.
manure aquaculture ponds;Manure aquaculture ponds
provide customised products;Make and develop custom-made products and solutions for customers specific needs.
advise on pregnancies at risk;Identify and provide advice on the early signs of risk pregnancies.
report to captain;Perform the responsibilities and tasks for the deckhand, and report information to the master of the vessel or the person in charge.
test accuracy of surgical instruments;Test the accuracy of meters, gauges, indicators or other recording devices used in surgical equipment, and locate defective parts or non-conformity with specifications.
provide performance feedback;provide performance feedback and observation remarks to third parties with regard to quality
complete report sheets of activity;Keep written records of the service provided on a regular or punctual basis, with explicit hours of work performed and signature.
implement a virtual private network;Create an encrypted connection between private networks, such as different local networks of a company, over the internet to ensure that only authorized users can access it and that the data cannot be intercepted.
adjust glass sheets;Adjust glass sheets` thickness, according to the gauge readings, using asbestos pads on the sides of the kilns` cooling jacket.
deliver aquatic products to customer specifications;Deliver aquatic products to customer specifications, with full understanding of customer requirements.
microoptics;Optical devices with a size of 1 millimeter or smaller, such as microlenses and micromirrors.
oversee clinical information system activities;Supervise and oversee day-to-day operational and clinical information system activities such as CIS, which are used for collecting and storing clinical information regarding the healthcare delivery process.
clinical science;The research and development of the techniques and equipment used by medical staff to prevent, diagnose and treat illness.
tend metal planer;Tend a planer machine designed to cut excess material from a workpiece in order to create a flat surface, monitor and operate it according to regulations.
perform virological test;Select, perform and interpret relevant virological tests related to eye infections, adenovirus, herpes simplex virus, chlamydia, etc.
advise on aquaculture products supply chain;Provide support and advice in aquaculture supply chain related activities such as packaging design and logistics.
manual cutting processes for leather;Cutting rules, variance of the leather properties on its surface and elongation directions of the footwear pieces.
monitor therapeutic progress;Monitor therapeutic progress and modify treatment according to each patients condition.
receive veterinary clients and their animals for appointments;Receive veterinary clients, making sure that they and their animals are prepared for appointments.
develop revenue generation strategies;Elaborate methodologies through which a company markets and sells a product or service to generate income.
evaluate pharmaceutical manufacturing process;Evaluate the ongoing pharmaceutical production process against the latest developments on the market regarding the mixing, compounding and packaging, ensuring the necessary updates are implemented.
battery testers;Electronic devices that test the state of batteries. Battery testers can test the charge present in battery cells, test the batterys capacity for accumulating charge and detect flaws that may influence the batterys performance, depending on the type of battery tester.
prepare medication from prescription;Prepare the pharmaceutical form of medicinal products according to the prescription received from the medical doctor.
interact verbally in Azerbaijani;Communicate orally in Azerbaijani.
apply prespotting;Remove stains in dry-cleaning by using the pre-spotting technique. Use a spotting board, which vacuums the garment attached to the spotting board through air suctions. Use a spotting gun to apply steam to loosen the stain and use a blow dryer to dry the fabric.
evolution in delivery practices in practiced dance tradition;Technical evolution of dance making, stylistic and aesthetic aspects of a dance tradition or style and its relation to technical evolution of dance making taking into account historic, ethnographic, ethnological, musicological and sociological aspects that can influence the selected dance style tradition or genre. Social customs, clothing evolution, any props present in the dance making process.
petroleum;The various facets of oil: its extraction, processing, constituents, uses, environmental issues, etc.
statistical analysis system software;Specific software system (SAS) used for advanced analytics, business intelligence, data management, and predictive analytics.
install mining machinery;Assemble, install and disassemble mining equipment. Outstanding eye-hand coordination and spatial awareness are required.
human psychological development;The human psychological development across the lifespan, theories of personality development, cultural and environmental influences, human behavior, including developmental crises, disability, exceptional behavior, and addictive behavior.
construct working platform;Attach working platforms which approach or touch the structure to be worked on when the structural elements of the scaffolding structure have been completed. Place decks on the platform and remove the guard rail that separates it from the main scaffolding deck.
repair vessel electrical systems;Execute on board repairs of vessel electrical systems. Resolve malfunctions without affecting the course of the journey.
manufacture prepared meals;Apply processes and procedures and use technologies to manufacture prepared meals and dishes such as pasta based, meat based, and specialties.
investigation research methods;The methods and strategies used to conduct police, government intelligence or military investigation research, as well as the research regulations specific to the operation.
organise shearing;Set up a woolshed for the shearing of sheep. Work with the shearers to reach standards described in the farm policy manual.
tourism sector policies;The public administration and regulatory aspects of the tourism and hotels sector, and requirements necessary to create policies.
synthesise clothing with accessories;Purchase new or second-hand clothing and a variety of accessory items, as is needed to complete designs.
drive chipper truck;Drive chipper trucks or vans, from which the machine is often controlled and operated. Use the vehicle for pickups of processed wood materials in forest job sites.
draft bill of materials;Set up a list of materials, components, and assemblies as well as the quantities needed to manufacture a certain product.
types of steam engines;The different types of heat engines which use steam as working fluid and are used to produce motion, such as steam turbines and stationary steam engines, and their various components.
apply risk management in sports;Manage the environment and athletes or participants to minimise their chances of suffering any harm. This includes checking appropriateness of venue and equipment and gathering relevant sport and health history from athletes or participants. It also includes ensuring appropriate insurance cover is in place at all times
maintain diving equipment;Perform maintenance actions, including small repairs, on diving equipment.
tend confectionery manufacturing equipment;Operate confectionery manufacturing and processing machinery such as boilers, baling presses, compressors, conveyor driven machinery, and storage silos, tanks and bins. They may also operate jar filling systems or wrapping machines.
install electrothermal de-icing systems;Install systems that use an electrical current to de-ice planes or parts of planes.
tend meat processing production machines;Operate production equipment and tools to process meat and meat products.
plant according to guidelines;Plant according to guidelines including instructions on digging, staking and maintenance.
assess nicotine levels in tobacco leaves;Assess levels of nicotine in tobacco leaves by referring to the curing and fermentation methods of the tobacco, by using different tools and equipment for testing, and by relying on his/her experience in sensorial testing.
solve problems;Find solutions to practical, operational or conceptual problems in a wide range of contexts.
use maritime English;Communicate in English employing language used in actual situations on board ships, in ports and elsewhere in the shipping chain.
test oil samples;Analyse oil samples in order to determine characteristics such as consistency, texture, viscosity or concentration. Operate measuring instruments such as pH meters, hydrometers and viscometers.
advise on machine maintenance;Advise on all issues related to machinery such as preventive maintenance operations, repair work and the acquisition of new equipment, to help the management team reach its goals and to ensure compliance with the legislation and the customers requirements.
administer lactic ferment cultures to manufacturing products;Add specified quantity of lactic ferment cultures to food preparations such as pasteurised milk to obtain starter for sour dairy products, such as buttermilk, cheese, and sour cream. Also, to dough making in bakery.
check in guests;Inscribe visitors and guests at the spa by entering the appropriate information and running necessary reports from a computer system.
manage healthcare staff;The managerial tasks and responsibilities required in a health care setting.
prepare notices to airmen for pilots;"Prepare and file regular NOTAM briefings in the information system used by pilots; calculate the best possible way to use the available airspace; provide information on the potential hazards that may accompany air shows, VIP-flights, or parachute jumps."
memorise lines;Memorise your role in a performance or broadcast, whether it is text, movement, or music.
maintain gas mileage records;Keep records of vehicle mileage and fuel consumption.
replace defective devices;Replace or repair defective equipment.
regulate the flow of substances in pipelines;Control of the flow of substances such as gases, chemicals, oils, and other materials transported via pipelines and pump stations.
operate hoists;Operate hoists in order to lift or lower loads.
clean wood surface;Use a variety of techniques on a wood surface to ensure it is free of dust, sawdust, grease, stains, and other contaminants.
prioritise tasks;Organise tasks according to their priority.
inspect casino floor;Monitor and inspect gaming activities on a casino floor.
treat exposure of dental pulp;Treat exposure of tooth pulp by pulp capping, removal of pulp from pulp chamber, or root canal, using dental instruments.
stomatology;Stomatology is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
manual draughting techniques;Techniques used for creating detailed drawings of designs by using specialised pencils, rulers, templates and scales.
clean the trimming box;Efficiently clean the trimming box.
integrate shareholders interests in business plans;Listen to the perspectives, interests, and vision of the owners of the company in order to translate those guidelines into pragmatic business actions and plans.
compare contractors bids;Compare proposals to award a contract in order to execute specified jobs within a prescribed frame of time.
commercial clothing glossary;The glossary used in the clothing industry to refer to different fabrics, material and techniques and that is employed along the supply chain.
counsel on communication disorders;Counsel patients and caregivers on how to cope with communication disorders.
provide customer information related to repairs;Inform customers about necessary repairs or replacements, discuss products, services and costs, include accurate technical information.
manage ICT virtualisation environments;Oversee tools, such as VMware, kvm, Xen, Docker, Kubernetes, and others, used to enable a virtual environments for different purposes such as hardware virtualization, desktop virtualisation, and operating system level virtualisation.
use sales forecasting softwares;Operate sale forecasting softwares in order to help in determining demand levels for products with higher levels of accuracy.
repair laminated structures;Inspect fiberglass laminated structures such as boat hulls and decks for deterioration or defects, and perform repair work accordingly.
prepare meat for sale;Prepare meat for sale or cooking which comprise the seasoning, larding, or marinating of the meat, but not the actual cooking.
interact verbally in Lithuanian;Communicate orally in Lithuanian.
photographic processing techniques;The different techniques to develop photographic film such as chromogenic positive, Kodachrome and autotype.
develop tourism destinations;Create tourism packages by discovering destinations and places of interest in cooperation with local stakeholders.
advise on sporting equipment;Provide customers with advice on specific types of sporting equipment, e.g. bowling balls, tennis rackets and skis.
perform security checks;Monitor and check individuals bags or personal items in order to make sure the individuals present no threats and that their behaviour is legally compliant.
wear protective equipment against industrial noise;Stand the exposure to sounds or noise levels that are distracting or uncomfortable. Use adequate protection equipment to mitigate the noise.
coordinate advertising campaigns;"Organise course of action to promote a product or service; oversee the production of TV advertisements, newspaper and magazine ads, suggest mail packs, email campaigns, websites, stands and other advertising channels"
develop food scanner devices;Design and develop food scanning technologies that provide information on the level of allergens, chemicals, nutrients, calories and on ingredients in food.
assess feeding behaviour of larvae;Monitor feeding behaviour in order to decide on suitability of feed composition, weaning larvae from live prey to dry feed or pellets.
safeguard biodiversity;Protect biodiversity among animals, plants and microorganism by adopting environmentally sustainable actions such as maintaining natural habitats and preserving nature.
maintain inventory of airport operations;Keep an up-to-date inventory of all aspects of airport operations.
understand written Romanian;Read and comprehend written texts in Romanian.
vacuum street debris;Use vacuum machinery to collect and remove waste or leaves in urban areas.
advise on wine quality improvement;Advise on wine quality improvement especially related to technical aspects of vineyard cultivation
assess the patients therapeutic needs;Observe and assess the patient`s behaviour, attitudes and emotions in order to understand if and how their therapeutic needs can be met with a specific kind of therapy, collecting and analysing information on how the client makes, responds to, and relates to artistic stimulae. Relate this information to other aspects of the patient`s life.
create innovative desserts;Develop new desserts that match with items on the current food and beverage menus.
analyse quality of nurse care;Analyse the quality of care in order to improve the own professional practice as a general care nurse.
sew underwear;Sew underwear striving for neat seams and aesthetical finishings. Combine good hand-eye coordination, manual dexterity, and physical and mental stamina.
grade tobacco leaves;Grade tobacco leaves to reflect their quality and suitability for different tobacco products.
arrange special events;Organise the necessary preparations for catering at special events such as conferences, large parties or banquets.
conduct ecological surveys;Conduct field surveys to collect information about the numbers and distribution of organisms.
repair household appliances;Following the manufacturers blueprints, perform parts replacement or repair of household devices such as stoves, boilers, washing machines, refrigerators and dish washers.
apply footwear uppers pre-assembling techniques;Prepare lasts and uppers, attach insole, insert stiffener and toe puffs, mould the upper on back part, and condition the uppers before lasting. Perform the above-mentioned operations both manually or by using machines. In case of using machines, adjust working parameters.
assemble microelectronics;Build microelectronics using microscopes, tweezers, or pick-and-place robots, such as SMT machines. Slice substrates from silicon wafers and bond components onto the surface through soldering and bonding techniques. Bond the wires through special wire bonding techniques and seal and encapsulate the microelectronics.
test instrumentation equipment;Check the instrumentation equipment for accuracy and performance using pneumatic, electronic, and electrical test and measuring equipment and hand tools.
maintain ambulance room stock;Check and maintain stocks of ambulance room supplies to ensure the effective provision of emergency services.
perform therapy sessions;Work in sessions with individuals or groups to deliver therapy in a controlled environment.
match people;Compare profiles of clients to see whether they have similar interests or have characteristics that would be a good match. Select the best matches and get people into contact with each other.
types of oaths;The various kinds of swearing such as testimonies on happenings, affirmation on the veracity of a declaration, professional oaths to become a doctor or veterinary, and royal oaths for official purposes.
advertise sport venue;Advertise and promote the venue or centre to increase usage, which may include commissioning and considering market research.
create furniture frames;Construct a strong frame out of materials such as wood, metal, plastic, laminated boards, or a combination of the materials for furniture.
maintain radio communications equipment;Perform testing or repairing activities on radio transmitting and receiving equipment, such as testing control circuits.
administer radiation treatment;Determine appropriate radiation dosage in cooperation with medical physicists and doctors, determining which body area is to be treated, in order to treat tumors or forms of cancer and minimising damage to surrounding tissues/organs.
interpret electroencephalograms;Analyse and interpret electroencephalography to provide evidence for the diagnosis and classification of epilepsy, helping investigation and management.
electrotherapy;The type of medical treatment using electrical stimulation.
hydrogenation processes for edible oils;Hydrogenation processes of different oils which reduce saturation and affect physical properties such as melting point and taste.
assemble instrumentation equipment;Build systems and instruments which measure, control, and monitor processes. Fit the instrument parts such as power supplies, control units, lenses, springs, circuit boards, sensors, transmitters, and controllers.
mechanics of trains;Possess basic knowledge of the mechanics involved in trains, understand the technicalities and participate in discussions on related topics in order to solve problems related to the mechanics.
prepare paychecks;Draft the statements where employees can see their earnings. Show gross and net salary, union dues, insurance and pension plans.
identify infestation source;Inspect buildings and surroundings to identify the source and extent of damage done to property by pests.
participate in vine preparation;Participates in vine preparation, harrowing, laying stakes, chains and pins, planting vines.
work with veterinarians;Consult veterinarians and assist them in the examination and nursing of animals.
repair wiring;Find faults in wires or cables by using specialised equipment and repair these faults depending on type of wiring.
design chassis;Devise and manufacture a series of custom chassis using design software. Apply compliance with own plans, creations and blueprints.
operate surveying instruments;Operate and adjust measuring instruments such as theodolites and prisms, and other electronic distance-measuring tools.
harvest live aquatic species;Prepare for harvesting live species. Harvest live aquatic species including shellfish for human consumption.
instruct on animal care;Provide employees in animal care with information on how to treat the animal, the animals eating habits, nutrition and medical condition and needs.
types of packaging used in industrial shipments;Know various types of packaging materials used for industrial shipments, according to the type of goods to be shipped. Comply with regulations on packaging of goods.
guidance, navigation and control;The engineering discipline that deals with the design and development of systems that can control the motion of automobiles, ships, space- and aircraft. It includes control over vehicles trajectory from its present location to a designated target and vehicles speed and altitude.
develop code exploits;Create and test software exploits in a controlled environment to uncover and check system bugs or vulnerabilities.
aircraft marshalling signals;The arm and hand gestures used to guide aircraft according to official marshalling procedures.
coordinate patrols;Coordinate the investigation and inspection of a certain area by assigning patrollers to routes and areas, establishing the area that needs patrolling, and coordinating the activities during the patrol.
operate broadcast equipment;Operate broadcast equipment to produce, switch, receive, record, edit, and reproduce television and radio signals.
products coding system;Packaging codes and markings required to implement proper handling procedures for goods.
prepare broadcasts;Decide on the time frame, the content, and organisation of a TV show or radio broadcast.
physical medicine;The diagnosis and treatment methods applied to individuals with physical impairments or disabilities in order to help them restore their body functions lost because of medical injuries or medical diseases.
coordinate technological activities;Give instructions to colleagues and other cooperating parties in order to reach the desired outcome of a technological project or achieve set goals within an organisation dealing with technology.
use Bing;Identify digital information via Bing search engines, judging its relevance and purpose.
evaluate interview reports;Assess the quality and plausibility of the interview results on the basis of the documentation while taking various factors into account such as the weighting scale.
decide on type of genetic testing;Find the appropriate tests for a particular patient, considering tests on molecular genetics, cytogenetics, and specialised biochemistry.
SPARK;The Java micro framework software development environment which provide specific features and components that support and guide web applications development.
recommend telecommunication equipment to customers;Recommend and provide advice on electronical and telecommunication equipment, taking into consideration factors such as capacity, cost and flexibility.
apparel manufacturing technology;Traditional and advanced apparel manufacturing technologies. Technologies including processes, machinery, etc. in order to compile and design pattern requirements, contribute to product costing and finalise assembly sequence and quality assurance criteria.
perform vehicle diagnostic procedures;"Perform diagnostic procedures on vehicle systems; determine and perform all required repair and maintenance operations."
assist multimedia operator;Take over tasks from the multimedia operator as required. Call cues for the multimedia operator or operate the multimedia equipment yourself.
evaluate casino workers;"Evaluate performance and achievements of staff members; prepare performance evaluations."
prune plants;Carry out pruning with relevant tools, related to the different purposes like maintenance pruning, pruning for growth, pruning for fruiting, debudding and volume reduction.
operate continuous miner;Operate a continuous miner, a machine with a large rotating steel drum equipped with tungsten carbide teeth that cut minerals from the seam. Operate the cutting drum and the continuous motion of the machine either remotely or seated on top.
apply holistic approach within social services;Consider the social service user in any situation, recognising the connections between micro-dimension, meso-dimension, and macro-dimension of social problems, social development and social policies.
cut page edges;Fit the cutting template, set the guillotine, load pages and trim the edges to obtain the desired shape while keeping production quality and quantity.
distribute programmes at the venue;Provide guests with leaflets and programmes related to the event taking place.
prepare compliance documents;Prepare documents with legal value which prove that an installation or a facility is conform to the regulations.
follow trends in sporting equipment;Follow material developments and trends within a specific sport. Keep up-to-date about athletes, gear and equipment manufacturers.
perform milk control tests;Conduct and report on quality tests on milk samples taking into account regulatory aspects.
consider the impact of material characteristics on pipeline flows;Consider the characteristics of goods in order to ensure that pipeline flows are uninterrupted. Anticipate the density of goods in the design of pipelines or in daily maintenance of pipeline infrastructures.
conflict management;The practices concerning the resolution of conflicts or disputes in an organisation or institution. It encompasses reducing the negative aspects of a conflict and increasing the positive outcomes of it by learning from the errors made.
Parrot Security OS;The operating system Parrot Security is a Linux distribution which performs penetration cloud testing, analysing security weaknesses for potentially unauthorised access.
coordinate operational activities;Synchronise activities and responsibilities of the operational staff to ensure that the resources of an organisation are used most efficiently in pursuit of the specified objectives.
agronomy;The study of combining agriculture production and protection and regeneration of natural environment. Includes the principles and methods of critical selection and adequate application methods for sustainability in agriculture.
conduct health related research;Conduct research in health related topics and communicate findings orally, through public presentations or by writing reports and other publications.
perform detailed tobacco manufacturing operations;Perform precise tobacco manufacturing operations with great attention and detail to all steps in the creation of a qualitative product.
analyse the credit history of potential customers;Analyse the payment capacity and credit history of potential customers or business partners.
use digital instruments;Use computers or synthesizers to compose and arrange music.
hydroponics;The cultivation of plants without the use of soil, by applying mineral nutrient solutions.
design application interfaces;Create and program application interfaces, their operations, inputs and outputs and underlying types.
delegate responsibilities;Delegate responsibilities, activities and tasks to others according to the ability, level of preparation and competence. Make sure that people understand what they should do and when they should do it.
market analysis;The field of market analysis and research and its particular research methods.
value-added tax law;Taxes imposed on the purchase prices of goods and the legislation that governs this activity.
enforce fuel storage regulations;Enforce fuel storage regulations, in accordance with governmental and environmental policies and regulations.
personal reflection techniques based on feedback;Self-evaluation and reflection processes based on 360-degree feedback from subordinates, colleagues, and supervisors that support personal and professional growth.
prepare land for turf laying;Coordinate the work involved in clearing and preparing sites ready for planting. Ensure that the working methods for site clearance and preparation are established and clearly communicated. Oversee site clearance and preparation in accordance with specifications and maintain the quality of work.
meet picking standards;Perform picking activities in a way that meets quality standards.
develop program ideas;Develop ideas for television and radio programs in accordance with the studios policy.
dispatch emergency personnel;Alert and dispatch rescue personnel to emergency calls and critical alarms.
impact of politics on sport delivery;The political context of current service delivery and the sources of possible external influence for the sport organisation.
manufacture metal additive manufacturing parts;Manufacture parts according to specifications and ensure compliance with quality requirements. This includes identifying issues and implementing corrective or preventive actions based on requirements and feedback received by metal additive manufacturing process engineers.
ensure proper water storage;Ensure that correct procedures are followed and the required equipment is present and functional for the storage of water prior to treatment or distribution.
maintain vessel steering mechanisms;Maintain and repair, if necessary, the mechanisms such as propellers that make the steering of vessels possible.
recognise signs of corrosion;Recognise the symptoms of metal showing oxidation reactions with the environment resulting in rusting, copper pitting, stress cracking, and others, and estimate the rate of corrosion.
manage closed-circuit television system;Oversee a system of cameras inside a facility which transmit a signal to a specific set of display devices.
massage types;Techniques used and types of massage therapies such as shiatsu, deep tissue massage, Swedish, hot stone and Thai massage.
inspect project regulations;Inspect projects for regulation and specification compliance. Formulate recommendations to existing specifications and plans.
advise on timber harvest;Provide guidance on how to apply the most appropriate timber harvesting method: clearcut, shelterwood, seed tree, group selection or single-tree selection.
review closing procedures;Review the documentation and gather information on the closing process of assets trading, the step in which the ownership is officially transferred from one party to another, in order to verify whether all the procedures were compliant with legislation and that all contractual agreements were followed.
Unreal Engine;The game engine Unreal Engine which is a software framework that consists of integrated development environments and specialised design tools, designed for the rapid iteration of user-derived computer games.
explain quality of carpets;Provide customers with information related to the composition, fabrication process and product quality of various carpets and rugs.
analyse business requirements;Study clients needs and expectations for a product or service in order to identify and resolve inconsistencies and possible disagreements of involved stakeholders.
kinesitherapy;The use of therapeutic muscle movements in treating disease and illness.
operate thickness planer machine;Feed wood materials into the thickness planer, after which a surfaced board is retrieved. Avoid sniping by using an additional piece of wood with the same thickness.
content marketing strategy;The process of creation and share of media and publishing content in order to acquire customers.
produce sales reports;Maintain records of calls made and products sold over a given time frame, including data regarding sales volumes, number of new accounts contacted and the costs involved.
develop beverage manufacturing procedures;Outline the work routines, procedures, and activities required to be performed for the manufacturing of beverage aiming at reaching the production objectives.
test fragrances against customer satisfaction;Test a new set of fragrances on a chosen group of volunteer customers in order to check how they react on the new products and which is their level of satisfaction.
grain dehydration recipes;Grain dehydration formulas and techniques according to requirements and product. Regulation of temperature, dehydration times and handling of the grains before and after dehydrating.
evaluate schools of fish;Interpret the information provided by electronic equipment and other aid about fisheries to evaluate the characteristics of a school of fish.
instruct on circus rigging equipment;Instruct in detail about the intended use, place, requirements and safety issues of circus rigging equipment in order to ensure safe and accurate assembly and fit-up of the equipment.
create lifecasts;Use specialised products such as silicones to create moulds of a persons hand, face, or other body parts in a process called lifecasting. Use moulds or other materials to create medical devices in the prosthetic and orthotic field.
monitor stock market;Observe and analyse the stock market and its trends on a daily basis to gather up-to-date information in order to develop investment strategies.
read engineering drawings;Read the technical drawings of a product made by the engineer in order to suggest improvements, make models of the product or operate it.
use communication and collaboration software;Use simple digital tools and technologies for communicating, interacting and collaborating with others.
exert expenditure control;Analyse expenditure accounts against the income and usages of different company units, companies, or organisms at large. Recommend usage of financial resources in efficient manners.
construction equipment related to building materials;Equipment required for handling building materials in all stages of construction, from foundation work to external and internal finish.
understand written Arabic;Read and comprehend written texts in Arabic.
handle waste;Handle and dispose of bio and chemical wastes in accordance with regulations.
online analytical processing;The online tools which analyse, aggregate and present multi-dimensional data enabling users to interactively and selectively extract and view data from specific points of view.
sell books;Provide the service of selling a book to a customer.
Synfig;The computer program Synfig is a graphical ICT tool which enables digital editing and composition of graphics to generate both 2D raster or 2D vector graphics. It is developed by Robert Quattlebaum.
verify laser beam measurement;Safely carry out power measurement, including power stability. Carry out beam profiling in different areas of the build platform and use other measurement equipment to determine other laser beam properties.
develop account strategy;Create the strategic goals and actions for future interaction with an account for the organisation.
install carpet gripper adhesive;Nail carpet grippers at regular intervals into the surface, or use adhesive if the floor is too hard for nailing. Leave space between the equipment and the wall or skirting to tuck the carpet into.
spread fertiliser;Spread fertiliser solutions to enhance plant growth.
create fragrances formulae;Create chemical fromulae for the already reseached new fragrances.
use séance tools;Utilise tools to communicate with spirits of the dead, such as Ouija boards, spirit tables or cabinets.
envelope cutting standards;The quality of output cutting standards for the making of envelopes. These requirements cover the shape, cleanness of cuts and minimum or maximum height of knives.
relaxation techniques;The various methods and techniques used to alleviate stress and bring peace and relaxation to the body and mind. This includes activities such as yoga, qigong or t`ai chi.
analyse costume sketches;Determine which materials to buy to make or finish costumes by studying the costume sketches. Familiarise yourself with the colour scheme and style.
rewire electronic musical instruments;Rewire any lose wiring or solder any loose ends of electronic musical instruments.
ICT system programming;The methods and tools required to develop system software, specifications of system architectures and interfacing techniques between network and system modules and components.
carry out repairs and maintenance of vehicle bodies;"Execute repair and maintenance tasks to damaged vehicle bodies; follow customers individual requests and instructions."
promote cancer preventive information;Promote awareness of cancer, providing preventive information and health advice.
perform field research;Participate in field research and evaluation of state and private lands and waters.
components of air conditioning systems;Know the different components that constitute air conditioning systems such as condensers, compressors, evaporators and sensors. Identify and repair/replace malfunctioning components.
administer spray tans;Spray clients with tanning airbrushes or airguns. Take care to blend in the sprayed areas and offer tips and recommendations for long-lasting tans.
biomass conversion;Conversion process whereby biological material becomes heat through combustion or biofuel through chemical, thermal, and biochemical methods.
tend CNC laser cutting machine;Monitor and operate a computer numerical controlled (CNC) laser cutting machine according to regulations.
vessel safety equipment;Gain theoretical and practical knowledge of safety equipment used in vessels, including devices such as lifeboats, life rings, splash doors and fire doors, sprinkler systems, etc. Operate equipment during emergency situations.
e-commerce systems;Basic digital architecture and commercial transactions for trading products or services conducted via Internet, e-mail, mobile devices, social media, etc.
use traditional toolbox tools;Use tools found in a traditional toolbox, such as hammer, plier, screwdriver, and wrench. Observe safety precautions while operating these instruments.
store film reels;Store film reels safely after projection and after removing the markings.
prepare compressed gas cylinders;Position the full keg or gas cylinder. Check that the new keg or gas cylinder contains the correct product and shows the correct date. Connect it and check that it is working properly. Disconnect used keg or gas cylinder and store it ready for dispatch. Perform all these procedures with care and regard to safety and established techniques. Deal with leakages in keg or gas cylinders effectively and inform the appropriate person if necessary.
manage environmental management system;Develop and implement an environmental management system.
operate distilling equipment;Operate the different parts of distilling equipment such as the pot, the distillation column, the lyne arm, the condenser, the distillate, and the aging barrels.
dust usage for forging;The qualities and applications of frit dust, sawdust, coal dust, and others, in the process of hot forging when strewn into dies to ensure the metal workpiece does not stick to the die.
occupational science;The study of everyday activity including the behaviours, characteristics, and patterns of behaviour and productivity.
assembling processes and techniques for goodyear footwear construction;Technology, equipment, machines and tools for assembling Goodyear footwear construction types.
apply house wrap;Cover exterior surfaces with house wrap to prevent moisture from entering a structure, while allowing it to exit. Securely fasten the wrap with staples, often button staples. Tape seams.
adjust ICT system capacity;Change the scope of an ICT system by adding or reallocating additional ICT system components, such as network components, servers or storage to meet capacity or volume demands.
Open source model;The open source model consists of principles and fundamentals of service-oriented modelling for business and software systems that allow the design and specification of service-oriented business systems within a variety of architectural styles, such as enterprise architecture.
Jboss;The open-source application server JBoss is a Linux based platform which supports Java applications and large websites.
work with video and motion picture production team;Work with the cast and crew members to establish requirements and budgets.
make improvements to work activities;Make recommendations for improvements to work activities.
operate sandblaster;Operate an abrasive blaster using sand to erode and smoothen a rough surface.
sequence explosions;Time specified sequences/patterns of explosions.
hydraulic press parts;The qualities and applications of various parts of a hydraulic press, such as a priston, hydraulic cylinder, hydraulic fluid, ram, upper and lower die, and others.
create brand guidelines;"Develop and implement guidelines for strategic brand handling by all stakeholders; discuss relevant content such as future expectations and brand guidelines; be prepared to face challenges."
preserve crop;Assess the quality of the crop taking into account the preserving and storing conditions and criteria.
build team spirit;Build a relationship of mutual trust, respect and cooperation among members of the same team.
value properties;Examine and evaluate land and buildings in order to make valuations about their price.
manage safety standards for maritime water transport;Manage and maintain safety standards and procedures for maritime transport. Ensure that before dispatching any vessel, all regulations and standards are met. May also be required to operate as a member of an Emergency Response Team.
design materials for multimedia campaigns;Draft and develop materials to be produced for a multimedia campaign, keeping in mind budgeting, scheduling and production.
environmental engineering;The application of scientific and engineering theories and principles aimed at improving the environment and sustainability, such as the provision of clean habitation necessities (such as air, water, and land) for humans and other organisms, for environmental remediation in the event of pollution, sustainable energy development, and improved waste management and waste reduction methods.
ensure adherence to the constitution;Inspect compliance from organisations and individuals to constitutionally defined legislation, and take the appropriate measures if there are breaches against the constitution.
brief staff on daily menu;Inform staff on changes to the menus to ensure they have a good understanding of the dishes, their ingredients and possible allergens.
european food safety policy;"Assurance of a high level of food safety within the EU through coherent farm-to-table measures and adequate monitoring, while ensuring an effective internal market. The implementation of this approach involves various actions, namely:   assure effective control systems and evaluate compliance with EU standards in the food safety and quality, within the EU and in third countries in relation to their exports to the EU;   manage international relations with third countries and international organisations concerning food safety;   manage relations with the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) and ensure science-based risk management.  "
store kitchen supplies;Keep delivered kitchen supplies for future use in a safe and hygiene place according to guidelines.
reduce dots;Use a contact frame or automatic film processor to reduce the size of dots in printing plates by increasing or reducing colour.
maintain fish harvesting equipment;Clean and store fish harvesting equipment after use.
perform playground surveillance;Observe students recreational activities to ensure student safety and well-being and intervene when necessary.
perform on-farm product processing;Transform the primary farm product by tools and/or machinery into elaborated food products, respecting the quality objectives, hygiene and security legislation or rules.
textile measurement;Textile measurement units, such as mommes, thread count (the degree of coarseness of a fabric), picks per inch (PPI) and ends per inch (EPI).
draft legislation;Undertake the drafting of pieces of legislation in order to make areas of law which need reform more harmonized and clear.
develop foot orthoses;Manufacture customised orthotic devices which support, align, prevent, protect or correct deformities of the feet.
perform in a public space;Use bodily actions to interrupt and interact with the structure of the public space.
security in commercial buildings;Security procedures, characteristics, tasks and risks in commercial areas and institutions such as banks, malls, tourist spots, hotels and restaurants.
secure goods;Fasten bands around stacks or articles prior to shipment or storage.
design a music show;Take the necessary steps to create a musical show: decide on which musical pieces will be played, decide on how the venue will be used, and prepare decoration and lighting if applicable.
operate money-processing machine;Tend and monitor the machines that count and sort the notes and coins, verify their authenticity and good condition for circulation.
install machinery;Build the pre-assembled components of a machine on site, adjust it according to specifications and put it into operation.
approve the design of aircraft parking areas;Approve the design of aircraft parking areas.
supervise work;Direct and supervise the day-to-day activities of subordinate personnel.
assess environmental parameters at the workplace for food products;Assess environmental parameters such as temperature and humidity at the workplace for food products. Assure suitable conditions for production processes, plants, laboratories, as well as storages.
instruct in military duties;Give theoretical and practical classes to future soldiers concerning their military duties and activities.
teach first aid principles;Instruct students in the theory and practice of first aid, more specifically in emergency treatments of minor injuries or illness including respiratory failure, unconsciousness, wounds, bleeding, shock, and poisoning.
prepared animal feeds contamination hazards;Contamination and spoilage hazards related to animal feeds. Prevention and reaction.
decide on providing funds;Take into account the potential risks involved in providing an organisation or project with funding, and which benefits this may deliver the funder, in order to decide on whether to provide the necessary funds or not.
communicate with customer service department;"Communicate with customer service in a transparent and collaborative manner; monitor how service is operating; relay real-time information to customers."
make artistic processes explicit;Explain the artistic creation endeavour as an intellectual and/or sensitive process being part of a cultural environment, and as a valuable pursuit of individual development.
ensure cross-department cooperation;Guarantee communication and cooperation with all the entities and teams in a given organisation, according to the company strategy.
monitor vehicle maintenance activities;Supervise and perform vehicle maintenance activities, which can be either mechanical, electrical or computerized. It consists of replacing a number of vehicle parts and checking instrumentation and liquid levels.
medical informatics;The processes and tools used for the analysis and dissemination of medical data through computerized systems.
assess project resource needs;Test ideas and purposes of the program against available financial and human resources to work out if the idea is realistic. Take an active role in creating work situations and ensure that the available skills match with the needs of the end user/participant.
pathological anatomy;Pathological anatomy is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
collect statistics on medical records;Perform statistical analysis of various medical records of the healthcare facility, referring to the number of hospital admissions, discharges or waiting lists.
implement contingency plans for escapees;Carry out contingency plans for cage escapees. Carry out fish capture escape operations.
understand spoken Arabic;Comprehend orally expressed Arabic.
identify necessary human resources;Determine the number of employees needed for the realisation of a project and their allocation in the creation, production, communication or administration team.
apply fabric tape;Apply fabric tape around closures and ferrules to wrap rubber goods.
follow research on special needs education;Keep up to date with new studies and related upcoming regulations concerning education for students with special needs.
develop a choreographic language;Develop movements by defining physical research parameters and use improvisational skills. Ensure that dancers and performers fully understand the selected choreographic elements and make full use of unique qualities of each performer. Develop a vocabulary based on instructions and the use of codified movements. Create a vocabulary based on a gestual signature, based on improvisations, based on creative parameters and production constraints.
promote innovative infrastructure design;Throughout the coordination of an engineering project, promote the development of infrastructure that is innovative and sustainable, in line with the latest developments in the field.
operate shuttle car;Operate a shuttle car, a diesel or electric-powered, vehicle equipped with an armoured conveyor belt system used to haul mineral from the face to the intermediate haulage system in room-and-pillar systems.
conserve natural resources;Protect waters and natural resources and coordinate actions. Work with environmental agencies and resource management personnel.
micromechanics;The design and production of micromechanisms. Micromechanisms combine mechanical and electrical components in a single device that is less than 1mm across.
manage documentation for dangerous goods;Review and complete all required documentation relating to the transportation of dangerous materials. Review the units, placarding, dimensions, and other important information.
monitor railway vehicles documentation;Inspect all documents produced during or after rolling stock assembly to ensure operations were done according to regulations and standards.
preserve meaning of original speech;Translate speech without adding, changing or omitting anything. Make sure the original message is conveyed and do not express your own feelings or opinions. Work to keep the intended meaning.
air transport law;The rules and regulations governing air transport, including international law.
inspect dry cleaning materials;Check which items are suitable or unsuitable for dry-cleaning by interpreting care labels and decide which dry cleaning processes may be required.
analyse weather forecast;Analyse weather forecasts and the information provided on meteorological conditions, such as wind forces, atmospheric structures, clouds, and visibility. Provide analyses depending on the requirements of various different industries and service providers.
adapt teaching to target group;Instruct students in the most fitting manner in regards to the teaching context or the age group, such as a formal versus an informal teaching context, and teaching peers as opposed to children.
install wall coverings;Install curtains, wall panels, window shields and other wall coverings by taking the correct measurements, cutting the fabric or material at the appropriate length and using hand and power tools to fix them to the walls.
develop manufacturing recipes;Describe in detail the set of activities necessary for the proper operation and management of processes (amount of chemical products, planning of timing and processing, monitoring). 
care for the new-born infant;Take care of the newly born baby by performing actions such as feeding him/her at regular hours, checking his/her vital signs and changing diapers.
operate chainsaw;Operate mechanical chainsaw powered by electricity, compressed air or gasoline.
biofilter systems;The techniques used to control pollution via biofiltration processes.
identify energetic meridians;Identify and locate energy meridians, the paths in the body through which, according to Traditional Chinese medicine, the life-energy “Qi” flows.
perform pill branding;Perform the printing of the institution identity on pills using the pill branding laptop.
Georgian;The Georgian language.
write Hindi;Compose written texts in Hindi.
operate scaler;Operate a scaler, consisting of a drill mounted on a vehicle, used to take down loose material from the roof, face and rib in hard rock mining.
obtain concert funding;Collect funding for the concert and create a budget.
animal therapy;The involvement of animals in a treatment in order to improve the social, emotional or cognitive functioning of the patient.
snowboard;The techniques related to snowboarding, the styles such as apline snowboarding, free ride, jibbing and the equipment used in snowboarding.
advise on corporate social responsibility;Inform others about the social responsibility of companies and organisations in society and advise about matters to prolong their sustainability.
follow ethical code of conduct;Carry out workplace activities according to accepted principles of right and wrong, including fairness, transparency and impartiality in work practices and conduct towards other people.
convert into animated object;Convert real objects into visual animation elements, using animation techniques such as optical scanning.
adjust bag inside tyres;Adjust the pressure of the air bag inside the tyres.
monitor waste treatment equipment;Monitor the operations of equipment used for the treatment and disposal of hazardous or non-hazardous waste to ensure that it is functional, compliant with legislation, and to check for faults.
archive scientific documentation;Store documents such as protocols, analysis results and scientific data using archiving systems to enable scientists and engineers to take methods and results from previous studies into account for their research.
train staff on recycling programs;Train employees on the type of recycling methods and programs available for a company and all its procedures and policies that should be taken account of.
provide amusement park information;Inform park visitors about entertainment facilities, rules and regulations.
follow directions of the artistic director;Follow the instructions of the director while understanding his creative vision.
operate biogas meter;Use measuring equipment which is capable of measuring in a biogas atmosphere in order to measure biogas emissions, more specifically of methane and carbon dioxide levels.
sell audiovisual equipment;Sell audio and video devices such as TVs, radios, speakers, amplifiers, tuners and microphones.
repair dental instruments;Repair or modify dental instruments and supportive devices according to the specifications.
demonstrate when teaching;Present to others examples of your experience, skills, and competences that are appropriate to specific learning content to help students in their learning.
design well for petroleum production;Design sections of the well that communicates with the reservoir fluids and rock to extract petroleum.
select immobilisation device for radiation therapy;Select and construct the most appropriate immobilisation device for the individual patient.
organise job search workshops;Organise group sessions for job seekers to teach them application techniques and to help them optimise their résumés and improve their interviewing skills.
advise  customers on audiovisual equipment installation;Explain and demonstrate to customers installation procedures of TV sets and audio equipment.
follow a tech pack;Apply the specific product to provide information about materials, accessories, seams, artwork and label. Distinguish and apply the different steps to elaborate a detailed tech pack.
convey medical routine information;Convey routine information to patients, relatives, and members of the public.
use CAD software;Use computer-aided design (CAD) systems to assist in the creation, modification, analysis, or optimisation of a design.
advise on nature conservation;Provide information and suggested actions relating to the conservation of nature.
assemble video tape footage;Assemble all raw video footage, with camera shots either recorded or transferred onto video tape in preparation for inputting into the computer.
apply blended learning;Be familiar with blended learning tools by combining traditional face-to-face and online learning, using digital tools, online technologies,  and e-learning methods.
manage internal process of a sport organisation;Plan and implement the management of teams or groups within a club or organisation. ?Coordinate human resources and communication.
allergies;"alergies; alergy"
weigh animals for food manufacturing;Weigh and classify bodies of animals and assign the carcass to a slaughterhouse customer.
conduct leather finishing operations;Conduct finishing operations to produce leather. These operations give the product necessary solidity or flexibility, lubricate the fibers by replacing the natural oils lost in tanning, dye or colour the stock and give the surface one of the various finishes associated with leather.
precision measuring instruments;Instruments used for precision measuring or manufacture, such as micrometers, calipers, gauges, scales, and microscopes.
air traffic control operations;"Understand the tasks performed by air traffic controllers, including Interaction and effective communication between aircraft and air traffic controllers; execution of follow-up activities, and ensuring smooth operations during flights."
heat materials;Put the materials in an oven and heat them for a certain amount of time and to a specific temperature to shape or cure the material.
patient record storage;Field of information which monitors regulatory and legal changes regarding patient record compilation and storage.
Lithuanian;The Lithuanian language. Lithuanian is an official and working language of the EU.
lead claim examiners;Select claim examiners and assign them to cases, assist them and give them advice or information when needed.
define set painting methods;Define painting methods and materials.
configuration of the tote room hardware;The functions of various pieces of tote room hardware, the settings and their usage cases.
prepare rubber sheets;Prepare the sheets of rubber with the help of the calendar and autoclave machine.
property law;The law and legislation that regulates all the different ways to handle property, such as the types of property, how to handle property disputes and property contract rules.
provide advice to clients in terms of export restrictions;Inform clients about the export restrictions, which consist of regulations about limitations on the quantity of exported goods imposed by a specific country or government.
manage production systems;Organize, manage, and maintain all aspects of production, including product design, production planning, and production control systems (for example by the use of the computer program WFM).
assemble scenic elements on stage;Assemble scenic elements, dance and stage floors and stage cloths, based on written documents
follow stock control instructions;Stack items according to the stock control instructions received.
attract gamers;Attract customers to the casino games and engage with them.
identify characteristics of music;Identify the elemental, structural, and stylistic characteristics of music from various periods and cultures.
maintain heat sealing machinery;Maintain machinery and equipment for sealing materials together, to ensure that it is clean and in safe, working order. Perform routine maintenance on equipment and adjust when necessary, using hand and power tools.
identify innovative concepts in packaging;Develop creative ideas for materials, packaging formats and printing technologies.
configure ICT system;Set up and customise an ICT system to meet requirements during initial implementation as well as when new business needs arise.
grade wheat for milling;Grading wheat to be milled based on several factors, the most important of which is the protein content. The wheat is stored in silos with wheat of the same analytical parameters until needed for milling.
write job descriptions;Prepare a description of the required profile, qualifications and skills for a specific function, by doing research, analyse the activities to be performed and get information from the employer.
clean ventilation system;Clean combustion and ventilation systems and related equipment. Eliminate combustion residues and deposits by knocking, scraping, and burning.
handle forest products;Gather, package, and deliver forest products to buyers.
tourist resources of a destination for further development;The study of touristic resources in a specific area and its potential for further development of new touristic services and events.
labour law;The field of law that is concerned with the regulation of the relationship between employers, employees, trade unions, and the government.
develop puppet shows;Develop shows with puppets.
helminthology;The scientific discipline that studies parasitic worms.
types of satellites;Understand the variety of satellites that exist and their different functions. Know the different types of satellites used for communications, streaming services, surveillance, and scientific research.
advise customers on type of computer equipment;Provide customers with professional advice on computers and software.
supervise landscape projects;Supervise larger projects carried out by landscape architects.
history of musical instruments;The historical background and chronology of various musical instruments.
improvise;Be able to improvise and react immediately and without planning ahead to situations that you did not know before.
harvest aquatic resources;Grade fish, molluscs, crustaceans manually and using equipment in preparation for harvesting. Harvest shellfish for human consumption. Harvest live fish for live transport. Harvest all species in a humane manner. Handle harvested fish in a manner which maintains flesh quality.
employ assessment techniques to anticipate translation efforts;Oversee the work needed to complete a translation by employing assessment techniques to measure the length and degree of difficulty.
aluminium alloys;The specific characteristics and applications of alloys with aluminium as the predominant metal.
fertiliser catalysts;The description, composition and action of the catalysts used in fertilisers industry such as nitric acid, sulfuric acid or ammonia production.
snow removal safety hazards;Range of dangerous situations faced when conducting snow-removing activities such as falling from heights and roofs, frostbite, eye injuries, and other injuries associated with the use of snowblowers and other mechanical equipment.
develop grape growing techniques;Develop growing techniques for wine grapes to improve wine quality and returns. Work on trellis design, canopy and fruit management, plant physiology, growth regulators, vine capacity and crop load determinations.
advise on environmental remediation;Advise on the development and implementation of actions which aim to remove sources of pollution and contamination from the environment.
restrict bridge traffic;Following investigations, restrict the operation of traffic over a bridge depending on its present condition or state of repair.
check system parameters against reference values;Make sure that the measurable factors which define the operation of a system correspond to the predetermined norms.
identify poisons;Identify poisons, or any chemical that kills or injures an organism. This includes toxins, poisons produced by living organisms, such as microorganisms, plants, or animals.
sell building materials;Sell building materials and construction equipment like glass, bricks, floor tiles and roofing.
handle requests for new product items;"Pass end user requests for new products to the relevant business function; update catalogue after approval."
maintain dredging equipment;Keep the dredging equipment in good condition. Regularly inspect suction elements, pumps, cables, cutterheads and other elements and take the necessary steps to repair any damage or wear.
celestial navigation;Understand the science of celestial navigation and position fixing by using specialised measuring equipment.
supervise the wine cellar;Inspect regularly to ensure your staff are following established procedures for wine cellars and dispense counters. Store wine and dispense counter stock under the right conditions. Minimises damage to bottles, containers, packaging or their content from handling by you or your staff.
document sharing procedures;The internal procedures concerning the circulation of documents in large organisations.
provide pregnancy termination care;Strive to accommodate the physical and psychological needs of a woman undergoing an abortion.
design advocacy campaigns;Create campaigns to support the realization of political, economic or social changes.
use painting equipment;Use brushes, rollers, spray guns and other painting equipment in accordance with the work.
interact verbally in Italian;Communicate orally in Italian.
provide palliative care;Provide care to improve the quality of life of patients and their caregivers confronting life-threatening illness, preventing and relieving suffering by means of early identification and adequate intervention.
operate gas extraction equipment;Operate the equipment used for oxygen and nitrogen extraction equipment such as compressors, fractionating columns, heat exchangers and purifying towers.
install gas heaters;Install gas heaters, which burn fossil fuels such as methane, butane, or LPG to heat air. Attach an exhaust vent if required. Configure the gas heater if it features electronic control.
maintain telephony system;Prevent telephone faults. Report to the electricians for changing of the equipment and manage telephone installations and moves. Maintain voice-mail system which includes adding, deleting mailboxes and managing security codes and provide voicemail instruction for staff.
research improvement of crop yields;Study crop production in order to discover the best way to plant, gather, and cultivate crops to increase productivity.
auction characteristics;"Specifications of auctions and different auction types, e.g. open vs. closed auctions; bidding strategies such as chandelier bids, bid shading, etc."
migration;The movement of people from one geographical location to another, and the commensurate impact on social, cultural, political and economical aspects.
adapt training to labour market;Identify developments in the labour market and recognise their relevance to the training of students.
repair ICT devices;Maintain and repair ICT related equipment such as laptops, desktops, tablets, mobile devices, communications equipment, printers and any piece of computer related peripheral. Detect faults, malfunctions and replace parts if necessary.
install air conditioning device;Install air conditioning devices, which remove heat, and often moisture, from the air through a variety of mechanisms. Create the necessary openings through walls and floors and place the device. Connect it to a power supply. Configure the device.
evaluate older adults ability to take care of themselves;Assess the condition of an older patient and decide if he or she needs assistance in taking care of him- or herself to eat or to bathe and in meeting his/hers social and psychological needs.
debt systems;The processes needed to obtain goods or services before payment and when a sum of money is owed or overdue.
adjust oven temperature;Adjust the oven temperature level and uniformity by correcting the fuel feed.
carry out maintenance on cage equipment and machinery;Carry out maintenance on cage equipment and machinery, such as containment systems, lifting gear, transportation gear, disinfection equipment.
manage enrolment;Decide on the number of available places and select pupils or students on the basis of set criteria and according to national legislation.
aeronomy;Branch of atmospheric physics dealing with the parts of the atmosphere where reactions of ionization and dissociation are predominant, and with the atmosphere of other planets.
finish shells;Gauge finished shells by using acceptance jigs. Use a stamping press to record the shell data on the cartridge as well as on the projectile. Finalize the tubes by dipping them in molted parrafin and packing the tubes in crates.
write Sardinian;Compose written texts in ?Sardinian.
blast masonry;Blast the surface of construction materials used in masonry such as bricks, stones and concrete with abrasive blasting equipment to smoothen or texture surfaces.
sell textiles fabrics;Sell textile fabrics such as cotton, wool, linen and synthetic fabrics.
local geography;The range of physical and geographical properties and descriptions of a local area, by street names and not only.
food storage;The proper conditions and methods to store food to keep it from spoiling, taking into account humidity, light, temperature and other environmental factors.
tufting technology;Know how to produce pile fabrics such as carpets using tufting technology.
protect game;Prevent unlicensed hunting by patrolling the area at night.
determine cause of death;Determine the cause of death of a recently deceased individual in order to assess whether the death was from natural or abnormal causes, and to aid government officials in investigations related to the individual or circumstances of their death.
send medical samples;Send samples containing the accurate information to the medical laboratory for testing.
advertise an art collection;Write catalogues, research documents, articles, reports, policies, standards and project grant proposals.
operate railway communication systems;"Operate railway communication systems; make announcements over the public address system or communicate with central train administration."
apply veterinary epidemiology;Analyse animal and zoonotic disease morbidity and mortality in a given population and relate findings to the norm. This includes collection and analysis of data and information for use in individual animals, groups or more widely as part of a network of disease surveillance. Implement intervention and control measures.
write headlines;Write titles to accompany news articles. Make sure they are to the point and inviting.
work independently as an artist;Develop ones own ways of doing artistic performances, motivating oneself with little or no supervision, and depending on oneself to get things done.
book cargo;Book cargo for shipment following customer specifications.
interact verbally in Bihari;Communicate orally in Bihari.
fertilisation principles;The study of plant, soil structure, climatic and environmental issues in agronomical production.
tend compression moulding machine;Tend the compression machine used to mould plastic and other powder products such as copper, graphite or carbon.
AJAX;The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in AJAX.
provide radio services in emergencies;Provide radio services in emergencies such as when the ship has to be abandoned, when fire breaks out on board the ship, or when radio installations break down partially or fully. Take preventive measures to protect the safety of the ship and personnel against hazards related to radio equipment, including electrical and non-ionising radiation hazards.
transplantation;The principles of organ and tissue transplantation, the principles of transplant immunology, immunosuppression, donation and procurement of tissue, and indications for organ transplantation.
use weaving machine technologies;Operate machines that enable weaving processes turning threads into fabrics. Setup weaving machine programmes for the machine to produce fabrics with the adequate pattern, colour and fabric density.
operate paper drying cylinders;Set up and monitor the heated rollers that move the paper sheet forwards while drying it.
produce customised tools;Elaborate the technical drawings and build special tools needed for a particular purpose such as creating traditional tools for artisanal crafting or restoration purposes.
manage volunteering programmes;Manage programmes focused on recruiting, matching and deploying volunteers in different roles and organisations, locally, nationally or internationally.
histology;The microscopic analysis of cells and tissues.
document museum collection;Record information about an objects condition, provenance, materials, and all of its movements within the museum or out on loan.
blood product storage conditions;The refrigeration conditions under which the blood can be properly stored, the length of time and measures applied against contamination.
transfer soap chips;Transfer the soap chips through the conveyor belt into the drying room.
call quality assurance management;Recording systems and monitoring procedures used in keeping track of call quality and methods for improvement.
passenger transport regulations;Have knowledge of passenger transport conventions and regulations.
coordinate electricity generation;Communicate the current demand of electricity generation to electricity generation workers and facilities in order to ensure that the generation of electrical power can be increased or decreased accordingly.
evaluate vehicle ecological footprint;Evaluate the ecological footprint of vehicles and use various methods to analyse green-house gas emissions such as CO2 emissions.
identify damage to buildings;Monitor the state of building exteriors in order to identify any possible damage and to assess the nature of the damage and treatment methods.
examine conservation issues;Assess the nature of the object to be conserved or restored, and examine the causes of any deterioration.
work in a multicultural environment in health care;Interact, relate and communicate with individuals from a variety of different cultures, when working in a healthcare environment.
construct cores;Construct cores for the casting of objects in plaster, clay or metal. Use casting machines and materials such as rubber, plaster or fibreglass.
apply coating to patterns;Provide a protective painted or sprayed layer, of, for example, lacquer, to a pattern.
identify the healthcare user’s personal capacity;Identify the healthcare users personal capacity to act in all spheres of life taking account of environmental factors with regard to the social, cultural, physical and institutional setting, identifying biomechanical, motoric, sensory/perceptive, cognitive and psychosocial skills and competences of the healthcare user.
treat neurological disorders;Diagnose and treat patients with neurological diseases such as brain damage, spinal cord disorders, peripheral neuropathy, stroke, Alzheimer`s disease, headache, epilepsy, Parkinson`s disease, sleep disorders, multiple sclerosis, pain or tremor.
surface engineering;The engineering discipline that studies ways to counteract environmental deterioration, such as corrosion and deformation of surfaces of materials, by altering the properties of the surfaces and making them resistant to the environment in which they will be used.
gemstone grading systems;Systems used by different institutes to analyse and grade gemstones e.g. Gemological Institute of America, Hoge Raad voor Diamant and European Gemological Laboratory.
cut clay;Cut clay column by operating the already set up automatic cutoff knives aiming to obtain brick and tile products.
perform sample testing;"Examine and perform tests on prepared samples; avoid any possibility of accidental or deliberate contamination during the testing phase. Operate sampling equipment in line with design parameters."
methods of drying timber;Be acquainted with methods of chamber drying timber, such as air and artificial drying.
distribute meals to patients;Provide meals to patients or residents, following the dietary requirements and medical prescriptions.
safe work practices in a veterinary setting;Safe work practices in a veterinary setting in order to identify hazards and associated risks so as to prevent accidents or incidents. This includes injury from animals, zoonotic diseases, chemicals, equipment and working environment.
set up drilling rigs;Build up the drilling rig and prepare it for use after selecting an appropriate drilling location. Dismantle the drilling rig after the operations have finished.
communicate with youth;Use verbal and non-verbal communication and communicate through writing, electronic means, or drawing. Adapt your communication to children and young people`s age, needs, characteristics, abilities, preferences, and culture.
orthopaedic conditions;The physiology, pathophysiology, pathology, and natural history of common orthopaedic conditions and injuries.
operate audio equipment;Apply technologies for re-creation or recording of sounds, such as speaking, sound of instruments in electrical or mechanical form.
repair shoes;Reshape shoes, restitch worn seams, attach new heels or soles. Polish and clean shoes afterwards.
brief volunteers;Brief volunteers and introduce them into the professional work environment.
database quality standards;Techniques and methods of estimation and evaluation of system quality and overall database quality, as well as the set quality standards and regulations.
repair slitting machinery;Repair broken components or systems of slitting machinery and equipment, using hand and power tools.
draft accounting procedures;Lay down standard methods and guidelines to regulate bookkeeping and accounting operations, including determining the bookkeeping system used to record financial transactions.
process dairy farm products;Carry out on-farm processing of diary products using appropriate methods and equipment, following food hygiene regulations.
prepare Pilates exercise session;Plan and prepare the exercise environment for a pilates session. Arrange the environment to be non-competitive and supportive of the principles of Joseph Pilates.
develop audio system designs;Develop designs that meet customer functional and budgetary requirements.
air force operations;The operations, procedures and compliant behaviour of a military air force, and of a specific air force base.
select adequate ingredients;Select adequate ingredients based in their technological function to execute ideas. Strive for consistent good quality of the ingredients and use them adequately to obtain a satisfactory final product.
log changes in choreography;Indicate any changes in choreography during a production and correct errors in notation.
work with authors;Consult with the author of the text to be translated in order to capture and preserve the intended meaning and style of the original text.
use fruit and vegetables processing machinery;use various types of processing machines to peel, cut and process fruits and vegetables
advise on tax policy;Advise on changes in tax policies and procedures, and the implementation of new policies on a national and local level.
write Chinese;Compose written texts in Chinese.
assemble plastic parts;Align and arrange plastic parts in order to assemble complete products, using the appropriate hand tools.
perform radiation treatments;Apply radiation treatments to the affected area of the patient. Use a wide range of equipment and techniques.
administer additives to tobacco;Administer additives to tobacco, including flavouring. Use adequate quantities and equipment for these procedures, and take into account regulations for additives and other products in the tobacco.
apply radiological health sciences;Use and apply radiological health sciences according to the situation and patients response to treatment.
comply with regulations;Comply with and respect the rules, regulations and guidelines relating to a specific domain or sector and apply them in your daily work.
negotiate on asset value;Negotiate with asset owners or parties involved in handling the asset on the monetary value of the asset for selling, insurance, usage as collatoral, or other purposes, in order to secure the most financially beneficial agreement for the client.
check straightness of brick;Use tools such as the level or the masons line to check if the wall is straight and flush, and take action it isnt.
unbind books;Use machines or manual techniques to remove the covering holding paper pages together in order to replace it, repair it or to scan its contents.
C++;The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in C++.
schedule fishing;"Design and implement more effective fishing manoeuvres; given the meteorological conditions and the extractive system."
provide guidelines for content development;Develop standards and structures for content development such as formats, styles, layout, structures, content types, terminology, XML and DITA. Implement them in document type definitions and apply them during work process and evaluate results in light of established standards.
develop plans related to the transfer of care;Organise transfer of care, when applicable, across a range of healthcare settings, communicating effectively and ensuring that the patient/client and carers are involved in the decision making process.
write Urdu;Compose written texts in Urdu.
operate tower crane;Operate a tower crane, a tall crane used to lift heavy weights. Communicate with the rigger over radio and using gestures to coordinate the movement. Make sure the crane is not overloaded, and take into account weather conditions.
provide psychological interventions to chronically ill persons;Provide psychological interventions to patients and their family members associated with chronic illnesses such as cancer and diabetes. Intervention and treatments may include management of pain, stress and other symptoms, anxiety reduction, and adjustment to illness or dementia.
interpret geophysical data;Interpret data of a geophysical nature: Earths shape, its gravitational and magnetic fields, its structure and composition, and geophysical dynamics and their surface expression in plate tectonics.
restore old guns;Bring back old or dilapidated guns to their original condition by repairing or replacing defect components, cleaning and oiling parts and conserving them in that state.
cold drawing processes;The various kinds of metalworking drawing processes performed at room temperature, such as wire drawing, tube drawing, ironing, embossing, sheet metal drawing, spinning, stretch forming, and others.
monitor roasting;Monitor the roasting of coffee beans and grains for proper degree of roasting to produce the desired flavours and colours.
install utility equipment;Install equipment which is used for the provision of utility services through various energy means, such as heat, steam, power, and refrigeration, and ensure correct and safe installation of the equipment and machinery in facilities and residential properties.
challenge patient behaviour by means of art;Constructively challenge the behaviour, attitude and mind-set of patients through art therapy sessions.
organise library material;Organise collections of books, publications, documents, audio-visual material and other reference materials for convenient access.
photographic lenses;The types of lenses used for photographic purposes, such as telephoto lenses, with a larger focal length and shallower angles of refraction for a magnified view, and landscape lenses, with a shorter focal length and sharper angles of refraction for a wider view.
take artistic vision into account;Take the artistic and creative vision of the organisation into account when selecting a project.
care for horses;Provide the basic requirements to keep horses healthy , such as feed, water, shelter, space and exercise, company, health care, and treatment of illness or injury.
respond to nuclear emergencies;Set in motion the strategies for reacting in the event of equipment malfunctions, errors, or other events which may lead to contamination and other nuclear emergencies, ensuring that the facility is secured, all necessary areas are evacuated, and further damages and risks are contained.
advise on livestock productivity;Advise on improving livestock health and productivity, strengthening efficiency and value of the livestock by using appropriate methods and taking into account the livestock species.
coating machine parts;The various parts, qualities and applications of a manufacturing machine designed for providing workpieces with a, sometimes protective, finishing coat, such as the drum unloader, feed hopper, rotary sieve, spray booth, (powder) spray guns, dry cartridge collector, final filters, high voltage power supply point, and others.
label stamps;Cut, store, and issue revenue stamp labels.
collaborate in the development of marketing strategies;Work together with a group of professionals to develop marketing strategies performing market analysis and financial viability while staying aligned with the companys goals.
demonstrate functionality of video games;Demonstrate to customers the features and functionalities of video games.
research visitor tours;"Research various topics such as site history and environmental conditions; plan appropriate expeditions; prepare guidance along with instructions and commentaries."
understand written Norwegian;Read and comprehend written texts in Norwegian.
work safely with mobile electrical systems under supervision;Take the necessary precautions while providing temporary power distribution for performance and art facility purposes under supervision.
sell footwear and leather goods;Sell footwear items and leather products by highlighting their features.
diagnose diseases of ear, nose, and throat;Examine affected organs using equipment such as audiometers, prisms, nasoscopes, microscopes, x-ray machines, and fluoroscopes in order to diagnose specific diseases, identifying nosebleeds, adenoidectomies, infected mastoids, tonsillectomies, and sinusitis, infections, balance disorders, nerve pain, ear noise (tinnitus), and cranial nerve disorders, swallowing and voice disorders.
advise customers on leather footwear maintenance;Provide customers with advice on how to maintain and protect leather footwear and leather accessories. Suggest maintenance products to apply.
tend spice mixing machine;Weigh out each variety of spice and transfer them to the mixing machine to be blended.
assist clients with special needs;Aid clients with special needs following relevant guidelines and special standards. Recognise their needs and accurately respond to them if needed.
identify patients behaviours;Analyse and identify patient`s functional and dysfunctional behaviours.
move objects;Perform physical activities to move, load, unload or store objects or to climb structures, by hand or with the aid of equipment.
maintain chemical mixers;Tend the equipment and mixers used for chemical substances mixing having as the end products goods used in cleaning, bleaching, finishing carpets or other textiles.
manage open licensing;Manage the process of licensing research outputs, taking into considerations how licences work, how to apply them, and how they may affect research output reuse.
maintain prosthetic-orthotic devices;Ensure that all prosthetic-orthotic devices are properly stored and taken care of so they maintain their functionality and appearance.
ensure parts packaging;"Implement and monitor the packaging process; ensure that parts are processed and packed in compliance with production requirements."
understand spoken Irish;Comprehend orally expressed Irish.
apply food technology principles;Apply food science methods and technology for the processing, preservation and packaging of food, taking into account safety standards and quality control procedures.
develop digital educational materials;Create resources and instructional materials (e-learning, educational video and audio material, educational prezi) using digital technologies to transfer insight and awareness in order to improve learners’ expertise.
assess nature of injury in emergency;Assess the nature and extent of injury or illness to establish and prioritise a plan for medical treatment.
apply liquid chromatography;Apply the knowledge of polymer characterization and liquid chromatography in the development of new products.
represent national interests;Represent the national governments and industries interests concerning various matters such as trade, human rights, development aid, environmental issues and other aspects of the political, economic or scientific cooperation.
sport games rules;The rules and regulations of sport games such as football, soccer, tennis, and others.
terminology;The study of terms, their etymology, and their use. The study of the meaning of words depending on the context in which they are used, the origin of the word, and its evolution over time.
advise on trial strategies;Advise lawyers or other court officials in their preparation for a court trial by helping them prepare legal arguments, researching the jury and judge, and advising on strategic decisions which may help to influence the case to the clients favoured outcome.
keep up to date on costume design;Visit textile showrooms, read fashion magazines, keep up-to-date with trends and changes in the world of fabrics and designs.
toxicology;The negative effects of chemicals on living organisms, their dose and exposure.
provide fitness customer service;Welcome clients/members, keep records and bookings of their activities, and direct them to other fitness instructors for technical assistance or to appropriate members of staff for guidance and support.
smooth burred surfaces;Inspect and smooth burred surfaces of steel and metal parts.
critically reflect on artistic production processes;Critically reflect upon processes and outcomes of the artisitc production process in order to ensure quality of experience and/or product.
perform feasibility study on geothermal energy;Perform the evaluation and assessment of the potential of a geothermal energy system. Realise a standardised study to determine the costs, restrictions, and available components and conduct research to support the process of decision making. Investigate the best type of system in combination with the available heat pump type.
tie tobacco leaves in hands;Tie tobacco leaves in a bundle called a hand taking care that each hand contain an equal quantity, calculate weight of the hand and safe tie procedure, and prepare hands before curing or inspection processes.
prepare ready-made dishes;Prepare snacks and sandwiches or heat up ready-made bar products if requested.
evidence-based nursing care;The nursing principles that require to apply quality decision-making and nursing care based on proven clinical expertise as well as the most recent research developments in the field.
work with respect for own safety;Apply the safety rules according to training and instruction and based on a solid understanding of the prevention measures and risks to your own personal health and safety.
dance therapy;The implementation of dance in a therapeutic treatment in order to improve the self-esteem and body image of the patient.
understand spoken Gujarati;Comprehend orally expressed Gujarati.
design optical systems;Design and develop optical and imaging systems, products, and components, such as lasers, microscopes, optical fibre, cameras, and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) machines.
inorganic chemistry;The chemistry of substances that do not contain hydrocarbon radicals.
assess reliability of data;Implement procedures and techniques that could help determine the level of reliability of the information in the sense of reducing risks and increasing infallibility in the decision making.
support athletes with the maintenance of their condition;Instruct and support athletes within the context of their general and sport-specific condition and fitness.
work with pre-production team;Consult with the pre-production team about expectations, requirements, budget, etc.
present menus;Hand out menus to guests while assisting guests with questions using your mastery of the menu.
gather information to substitute parts;"Gather information from sources such as manuals and manufacturers; identify appropriate replacements for broken, rare or obsolete parts."
probability theory;The branch of mathematics concerned with the analysis of random phenomena.
repair medical devices;Repair or modify medical appliances and supportive devices according to the specifications.
manage digital documents;Manage various data formats and files by naming, publishing, transforming and sharing files and documents and transforming file formats.
identify risk of flooding;Identify the areas which are most at risk to be damaged by floods, such as areas close to rivers, as well as identifying the events which would cause floods such as changes in the weather.
geological factors in airport construction;Know geological characteristics affecting soil conditions and foundations in an airport, for planning and potential construction and development purposes.
take measurements of performance space;Measure the performance space in order to calculate the amount of lighting equipment needed and where to place them.
contribute to public health campaigns;Contribute to local or national public health campaigns by evaluating health priorities, the government changes in regulations and advertising the new trends in relation to health care and prevention.
staff game shifts;Monitor staffing levels to ensure that all games and tables are adequately staffed for every shift.
communication disorders;The malfunction in a persons ability to comprehend, process and share concepts in various forms, such as verbal, non verbal or graphical during language, hearing, and speech communication processes.
work with virtual learning environments;Incorporate the use of online learning environments and platforms into the process of instruction.
ensure compliance with civil aviation regulations;Ensure best practice standards are adopted and all regulatory requirements met
manage product testing;Oversee the testing procedures to ensure that the end-product complies with the quality and safety requirements.
maintain wind turbines;Perform all required activities to maintain the wind turbines in functional order. Lubricate moving parts such as gearboxes and bearings, check connections within the system, and resolve any major issues that may develop.
bathymetry;The scientific discipline that studies underwater topography.
instrumentation engineering;The science and engineering discipline that attempts to control process variables of production and manufacturing. It also focuses on the design of systems with desired behaviours. These systems use sensors to measure the output performance of the device that is being controlled.
adjust the work to the venue;Adjust the physical, practical and artistic components of the work to the realities of the performance venue. Check the material parameters and technical conditions of the venue, such as scenery and lighting. Check the seating arrangements. Assess the impact of the environment and space on the work.
plan carpet cutting;Plan the cuts to be made to minimise the number of seams and the amount of waste materials. Leave a safe surplus around the edges to accommodate fitting.
transfer designs;Transfer designs into specific materials.
ensure client orientation;Take actions which support business activities by considering client needs and satisfaction. This can be translated into developing a quality product appreciated by customers or dealing with community issues.
pharmacokinetics;The body interaction with a specific drug after administration, the mechanisms of absorption and distribution and the substance chemical changes in the body.
maintain gardening equipment;Perform daily maintenance on tools and equipment and report major faults to a superior.
diagnose disorders of the urogenital system;Diagnose diseases or disorders of genitourinary organs and tracts such as erectile dysfunction, infertility, incontinence, prostate cancer, urethral stones, bladder cancer, premature ejaculation, and kidney stones.
develop licensing agreements;Compose the conditions and terms related to assigning limited use rights for properties or services.
operate pumping systems;Operate pumps and piping systems, including control systems. Perform routine pumping operations. Operate the bilge, ballast and cargo pumping systems. Be familiar with oily-water separators (or-similar equipment).
prepare offset printing machine;Adjust, set, and prepare machines for offset printing by calibrating each part of the machine.
analyse supply chain trends;Analyse and make predictions about trends and evolutions in supply chain operations in relation to technology, efficiency systems, types of products shipped, and logistical requirements for shipments, in order to remain at the forefront of supply chain methodologies.
assist in will writing;Help people to write their will in order to define how assets such as estate, businesses, savings and life insurance are divided after the individual has passed away.
use positive language;"Express oneself using positive language in conversation; the way in which language is used may persuade customers."
identify external risks to bridge integrity;Inspect the area of the bridge to identify any possible external risk to its integrity. Make sure body of waters present no dangerous debris. Identify loose rocks or avalanche risks. Estimate whether usage strain on a bridge is within the limits.
defibrillation;The use of semiautomatic defibrillators and the cases where it applies.
test edge crush;Use the Mullen Test or Edge Crush Test to determine the stacking or crushing of a piece of corrugated board, testing the force or weight needed to crush the containerboard standing on an edge.
work in inclement conditions;Work outdoors in hot or cold circumstances.
formulate dietetic intervention;Select types and amounts of food for therapeutic diets based on indicated physiological and psychological needs of the patient, developing an individualised nutrition plan for the patient.
aviation meteorology;Understand aviation meteorology to deal with the impact of weather on air traffic management (ATM). Understand how thorough changes in pressure and temperature values at airports can create variations in head and tail-wind components, and may impose low visibility operating conditions. Knowledge of aviation meteorology can help to reduce negative impact on the ATM system by diminishing disruption and the consequent problems of disturbed flow rates, lost capacity and induced additional costs.
apply aromatherapy;Use the therapeutic benefits of essential oils to produce massage blends, cream or lotions and help improve the physical and emotional health and well-being.
provide emergency advice;Provide advice in first aid, fire rescue and emergency situations for employees on the site.
synthetic materials;The production and characteristics of synthetic materials such as synthetic fibres, synthetic paper, synthetic resins or synthetic rubber.
teach computer science;Instruct students in the theory and practice of computer science, more specifically in the development of software systems, programming languages, artificial intelligence, and software security.
paint surfaces;Use brushes and rollers to apply a coat of paint to a prepared surface evenly and without leaving drops.
ensure adherence to organisational ICT standards;Guarantee that the state of events is in accordance with the ICT rules and procedures described by an organisation for their products, services and solutions.
assess new farming technologies;Evaluate the development of new farming technologies and ideas in light of their use and appropriateness to a given farming situation.
carry out local anesthesia in dental procedures;Achieve local anaesthesia for dental procedures, managing complications related to anaesthesia.
analyse transport business networks;Analyse various transport business networks in order to organise the most efficient setting of modes of transport. Analyse those networks that aim to achieve lowest costs and maximum efficiency.
deal with departures in accommodation;Handle departures, guests luggage, clients check-out in line with company standards and local legislation ensuring high levels of customer service.
conceptualise healthcare user’s needs;Get an idea of what the healthcare use needs are and visualise the case, the possible solutions, and treatments to be applied.
molecular gastronomy;The analysis of scientific research applied to food preparation. Understanding how the interaction between ingredients can modify the structure and appearance of food, for example by creating unexpected tastes and textures and by developing new types of dining experiences.
operate a chain hoist control system for entertainment;Operate a chain hoist control system for live stage performances.
process incoming optical supplies;Receive incoming optical supplies, handle the transaction and enter the supplies into any internal administration system.
disseminate information on tax legislation;Provide advise on the possible implications for companies or individuals on decisions regarding tax declaration based on tax legislation. Advise on the favourable tax strategies that could be followed depending on the needs of the client.
dismantle the rehearsal set;Take apart all prepared scenic elements after the rehearsal.
limit load to prevent damage;Limit the size of the load on a skidder to avoid instability of the machine, loss of load, and damage to the product and the environment, including roads and tracks.
participate as a performer in the creative process;Clarify the extent to which the performer, as a member of the team, should be involved in the creative process, adapting yourself to different leadership styles. Understand choreographers/directors sources of inspiration, the tone of the piece, and the approach to physicality. Identify the elements the director would like to incorporate into the work. Ask key questions and verbally reformulate the choreographers/directors artistic intent to ensure being in the same page.
present artistic design proposals;Prepare and present detailed design suggestions for a specific production to a mixed group of people, including technical, artistic and management staff.
write situation reports;Write reports according to specifications and regulations of an organisation on the situation which needs to be reported on, such as the status of an investigation, of intelligence gathering, or of missions and operations.
plant harvest methods;The various methods, timing and equipment involved in harvesting different crops and plants.
operate tobacco drying technology;Operate tobacco drying technology that dries the tobacco at higher temperatures and therefore more quickly than conventional dryers. Shorter drying times reduce tobacco degradation and energy consumption.
stock market;The market in which shares of publicly held companies are issued and traded.
understand spoken Javanese;Comprehend orally expressed Javanese.
dentistry science;The sciences on which dentistry is based and an understanding of scientific methods, such as the principles of measuring biological functions, the evaluation of scientifically established facts and the analysis of data.
perform import of commodities;Oversee the activities for buying and importing products and commodities by obtaining the right import permits and tariffs. Perform any other follow-up actions.
identify cross-curricular links with other subject areas;Recognise correlations and overlaps between your subject of expertise and other subjects. Decide on a levelled approach to the material with the teacher of the associated subject and adjust lesson plans accordingly.
packaging engineering;The processes of packaging or protecting products for distribution, storage and sale.
conduct fire tests;Conduct tests on a variety of materials such as building or transportation materials in order to determine their physical properties against fire such as flame resistance, surface burning characteristics, oxygen concentration or smoke generation.
operate letterpress;Operate machine which produces printed materials by applying ink on specific raised sections of a surface, which is then pressed against desired print output media.
preserve original text;Translate texts without adding, changing or omitting anything. Make sure the original message is conveyed. Dont express your own feelings and opinions.
measure temperature;Use a temperature measuring device to measure the temperature of people.
microelectromechanical systems;Microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) are miniaturised electromechanical systems made using processes of microfabrication. MEMS consist of microsensors, microactuators, microstructures, and microelectronics. MEMS can be used in a range of appliances, such as ink jet printer heads, digital light processors, gyroscopes in smart phones, accelerometers for airbags, and miniature microphones.
perform vision rehabilitation;Maximise the remaining sight in people with low vision using rehabilitation strategies and magnification aids.
operate fishing equipment;Operate and maintain equipment used recreationally for fishing or in fisheries such as various kinds of nets and fishing gear.
manage signoff of an installed system;Make sure an installed technical system is adequately transferred and signed off for.
mobile device software frameworks;The API (Application Program Interfaces), such as Android, iOS, windows phone which enables programmers to quickly and easily write applications for mobile devices.
drive mobile heavy construction equipment;Drive movable heavy equipment used in construction. Load the equipment onto low loaders, or unload it. Judiciously drive equipment on public roads when required.
apply nail polish;Remove previously applied nail polish, using liquid remover or swabs, clean customers nails and apply undercoat and clear or colored polish onto nails with brushes.
fell trees;Fell trees safely and effectively to specification.
select photographic equipment;Select appropriate photographic equipment and background properties, and adapt it according to subjects, materials, and conditions.
operate SMT placement equipment;Operate surface-mount technology (SMT) machines and equipment to place and solder surface-mount devices (SMD) onto the printed circuit board with high precision.
teach principles of law;Instruct students in the theory and practice of legislation, and more specifically in the various national law systems, the interpretation of laws, and legal terminology.
perform cerebrospinal fluid analysis;Perform and interpret a group of laboratory tests that measure chemicals in the fluid that surrounds and protects the brain and spinal cord.
hepatology;The characteristics of the liver, biliary tree, gallbladder, and pancreas, as well as management of their disorders.
design rigging plots;Draw, design and calculate rigging plots.
perform religious rituals;Execute the rites and traditions which are involved in a religious service and leading communal worship.
Filemaker (database management systems);The computer program FileMaker is a tool for creating, updating and managing databases, developed by the software company FileMaker Inc.
manage portfolio;Maintain a personal portfolio by selecting your best photos or work and regularly adding new ones in order to show your professional skills and development.
estimate budget for interior design plans;Estimate the budget for interior design plans. Keep track of total costs and material requirements.
record the outcome of psychotherapy;Keep track of and record the process and results of the treatment used in the psychotherapy process.
lead technology development of an organisation;Develop activities surrounding innovation and research in the field of technology within an organisation based on its strategic direction and growth goals. Provide guidance to colleagues how to best implement them.
operate computerised control systems;Operate electronic or computerised control panels to monitor and optimise processes, and to control process start-up and shut-downs.
assess potential oil yield;Estimate the potential oil yield based on input from a variety of methods, such as analogy, volumetric measurement, decline analysis, material balance calculations, and reservoir simulation.
use measurement instruments;Use different measurement instruments depending on the property to be measured. Utilise various instruments to measure length, area, volume, speed, energy, force, and others.
repair equipment on site;Identify malfunctions and repair or replace multi-media, audio-visual and computer systems, hardware and equipment on site.
tend textile washing machines;Operate textile washing machines keeping efficiency and productivity at high levels.
assess hydrogenation levels of edible oils;Assess levels of hydrogenation of edible oils. Make them appealing to the consumer, convenient to use, easy to store, and resistant to deterioration.
set up lathe compound;Set up the compound of a lathe by tying it in place to a steady position and feed the work material to the compound by hand. Use both hands while turning the lever, setting up the compound, to maintain constant speed for an optimal smooth cutting process.
ensure safety regulations in dealing with infectious diseases;Ensure hygiene and safety regulations in clinic or hospital whenever a contagious patient is brought in, dealing with infectious diseases and patient quarantine procedures.
preserve milk samples;Preserve milk samples for butterfat testing using preserving chemicals and heating an cooling techniques. If the laboratory cannot start work on a sample immediately after sampling, the sample must be cooled to near freezing point quickly and be kept cool till the work can start.
pump products;Operate pumping machines according to specific procedures and depending on the kind of product. Ensure correct quantities and adequate feeding for the process.
calculate chemical concentration;Measure and define the concentration of a chemical element in a substance or preparation.
provide animal related information for legal proceedings;Prepare and/or present evidence and/or opinion in support of a legal dispute or prosecution in relation to animals.
water reuse;Principles of water re-use processes in complex circulation systems.
sell souvenirs;Exchange souvenirs for money by displaying them in an attractive way and communicating with customers.
drive metal sheet piles;Operate a vibratory pile driver or press-in pile driver to drive sheets of metal into the ground to form a wall for retaining either water or soil. Position the pile driver and sheets to obtain a good fit between the sheet piles. Take care not to damage the sheet piles while driving them.
electric drives;Electromechanical systems that utilise electric motors to control the movement and processes of electrical machinery.
refraction of the eye;The way to perform clinical tests by using a phoropter to identify the eyes refractive error.
examine trusts;Examine documents relating to relationships between settlors and trustees in which the trustee holds property for the beneficiaries of the trust, in order to ensure the property is properly controlled and the contract agreements are complied with.
act for an audience;Act in front of an audience, according to an artistic concept.
design warp knit fabrics;Developing structural and colour effects in warp knitted fabrics by using the warp knitting technique.
coordinate shipments of waste materials;Organise the transportation of hazardous or non-hazardous waste from a client to a waste treatment, storage, or disposal facility, and ensure that all procedures are compliant with environmental legislation.
manage archive users guidelines;Establish policy guidelines on public access to a (digital) archive and the cautious use of present materials. Communicate the guidelines to archive visitors.
implement sales strategies;Carry out the plan to gain competitive advantage on the market by positioning the companys brand or product and by targeting the right audience to sell this brand or product to.
advise on safety measures;Provide advice to individuals, groups or organisation on safety measures applicable for a specific activity or in a specific location.
model optical systems;Model and simulate optical systems, products, and components using technical design software. Assess the viability of the product and examine the physical parameters to ensure a successful production process.
collaborate with choreographers;Collaborate with choreographers in order to learn, develop or to redefine and/or modify dance moves and choreographies.
utilise economies of scale in projects;Consider the totality of projects that a company is developing in order to draw economies of scale by using volumes as needed in order to increase efficiency, reduce costs, and promote overall profitability.
clean amusement park facilities;Eliminate dirt, rubbish or impurities in park facilities such as booths, sporting equipment, vehicles and rides.
undertake genetic risk assessment;Investigate patients or their relatives for genetic risks and recurrence risks.
maintain internet protocol configuration;Apply Internet Protocol Configuration (ipconfig) to gather data on Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol (TCP/IP) configuration values in order to identify devices and their IP addresses.
psychological interventions;The characteristics of the methods and procedures meant to instigate change in human behaviour.
give constructive feedback;Provide founded feedback through both criticism and praise in a respectful, clear, and consistent manner. Highlight achievements as well as mistakes and set up methods of formative assessment to evaluate work.
identify legal requirements;Conduct research for applicable legal and normative procedures and standards, analyse and derive legal requirements that apply to the organisation, its policies and products.
cut tiles;Cut tiles to the right size and shape using a wet tile saw. Set up the wet saw and attach it to a water source if called for. Mark the desired shape and size on the tile. Push the tile against the rotating carbide blade of the saw to make a straight cut. For curved cuts, make straight incisions at right angles along the desired curve. Snap off the resulting fingers and finish the curve with a diamond file.
dispose of dead animals;Dispose of dead animals which are not considered a source of meat. Bury or cremate the animal based on the wishes of the owners or on other criteria.
perform virtual simulation;Perform all the steps of a virtual simulation, including the correct positioning and immobilisation of the patient, acquisition of the necessary images and recording reference points and other marks.
inspect taxation documents;Inspect files and documentation dealing with taxation cases to ensure no faulty or fraudulous activity is present, and to ensure the procedure is compliant with legislation.
address problems critically;Identify the strengths and weaknesses of various abstract, rational concepts, such as issues, opinions, and approaches related to a specific problematic situation in order to formulate solutions and alternative methods of tackling the situation.
store crops;Store and preserve crops in accordance with standards and regulations to ensure their quality. Ensure that storage facilities are kept according to hyginic standards, regulating temperature, heating and air conditioning of storage facilities.
waste and scrap products;The offered waste and scrap products, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
read books;Read the latest book releases and give your opinion on them.
understand spoken Kazakh;Comprehend orally expressed ?Kazakh.
coordinate the procurement of organs for transplantation;Manage all the required services and administrative tasks required to handle and obtain cells, tissues or organs for transplantation purposes.
BlackBerry;The system software BlackBerry consists of features, restrictions, architectures and other characteristics of operating systems designed to run on mobile devices.
maintain suspension system;Maintain the system that creates the motion of wheels of motor vehicles such as shock absorbers, springs and linkages. Repair them if necessary by using hand and power tools.
post-process medical images;Perform post-processing on medical images, or develop X-ray films, checking processed images to determine if further care is necessary.
ensure cage safety requirements are followed;Ensure that personnel comply with cage safety requirements.
develop company strategies;Envision, plan, and develop strategies for companies and organisations aimed at achieving different purposes such as establishing new markets, refurbishing the equipment and machinery of a company, implementing pricing strategies, etc.
electrolytic passivation process;The electrolytic passivation process in an anodising tank, including process elements such as negative cathodes, oxygen off-gassing, hydrogen off-gassing, gass removal by a low pressure air supply and a fume collection vent, and others.
refine edible oils;Refine edible oils to make them suitable for human consumption. Remove impurities and toxic substances performing processes such as bleaching, deodorisation and cooling.
maintain electronic equipment;Check and repair electronic equipment. Detect malfunction, locate faults and take measures to prevent damage.
develop concepts for city marketing;Work on innovative ideas to promote a positive image of a city or region to attract residents, investors, and tourists, such as regenerating the city centre by creating a pedestrian zone or offering cultural events.
assess energy consumption of ventilation systems;Calculate and evaluate the total energy use of the ventilation system regarding electrical power consumption, heat loss of the system and the building, on a yearly base, in order to select a fitted concept.
apply music therapy methods;Apply existing music therapy methods, techniques, materials, and equipment in line with the patient`s therapeutic needs and the treatment plan already created.
set sales promotions;Reduce the selling price of products, in order to maximise revenue at various periods of the year.
secure cargo on ships;Secure or tie cargo to ship using ropes or other pieces of equipment.
perform aromatisation of wines;Use equipment and techniques to infuse wines with botanicals for adding or improving flavours of special wines.
monitor banking sector development;Observe changes in the national and international banking industry such as the introduction of new laws, innovative trends and products, or the level of cooperation between banks.
conduct polysomnography;Perform a sleep study in order to diagnose sleep disorders, recording measures of the sleep cycles and stages, including air flow in and out of the lungs, the level of oxygen in the blood, brain waves, electrical activity of muscles, and eye movement.
understand rigging work orders;Read work orders, work permits and safety instruction to determine nature and location of work, job instructions, safety requirements, hazard information and evacuation plan.
advise customers on seafood choices;Provide advice on the available seafood and on ways of cooking and storing it.
prescribe treatment for musculoskeletal injuries;Prescribe non-invasive procedures for injuries, immobilising fractured bones with the use of braces, splints, and casts and recommending therapeutic exercises, medication and nutritional supplements.
vehicle type-approval;The process for certifying that a vehicle or its systems and components meet the requirements set by the applicable environmental, administrative and technical standards and regulations.
social security law;Legislation concerning the protection of individuals and the provision of aid and benefits, such as health insurance benefits, unemployment benefits, welfare programs and other government-provided social security.
conduct web searches;Search data, information and content through simple searches in digital environments.
imitation jewellery;The materials and processes used to create imitation jewellery, and how to manipulate the materials.
understand written Sanskrit;Read and comprehend written texts in Sanskrit.
develop a pedagogical concept;Develop a specific concept that describes the educational principles on which the organisation is based, and the values and behaviour patterns it advocates.
compare property values;Obtain information on the value of properties comparable to a property which is in need of valuation in order to make more accurate appraisals and assessments, or to set or negotiate the price at which the property can be sold or leased.
place V-belts on rack;Place the V-belts on rack after collapsing the drum where the belts were cut.
hardware industry;Different tools and brands in the hardware industry such as power tools.
risks associated to physical, chemical, biological hazards in food and beverages;Interpretation of laboratory tests for parameters affecting food safety taking into account risks associated with physical, chemical, and biological hazards in food and beverages.
design prototypes;Design prototypes of products or components of products by applying design and engineering principles.
manage location logistics;Make sure cast, crew, and equipment reach the location on time and in an organised manner. Organise catering, power sources, parking, etc.
engage in debates;Construct and present arguments used in a constructive debate and discussion in order to convince the opposing party or a neutral third party of the debaters stance.
write security reports;Compile data on inspections, patrols and security incidents into a report for management purposes.
create GIS reports;Use relevant geographic informations systems to create reports and maps based on geospatial information, using GIS software programmes.
understand spoken Macedonian;Comprehend orally expressed Macedonian.
nanomaterials;The characteristics of engineered nanoparticles that conform to a specific set of properties such as being manufactured at nanoscale, being composed of nano-objects as defined by ISO. Some of the well known nanomaterials could be carbon nanotubes,quantum dots gold or titanium dioxide.
install refrigeration equipment;Install refrigeration, air condition or heat pump equipment, connect components and piping, attach equipment to the electrical network and secondary sources of heat transfer if required.
identify origin of typed documents;Link typed documents to a specific machine or computer by examining the printing process.
establish contact with potential donors;Approach individuals, local authorities, commercial organisations and other actors in order to obtain sponsorship and donations for the projects of the charity.
Samurai Web Testing Framework;The linux environment Samurai Web Testing Framework is a specialised penetration testing tool which tests security weaknesses of websites for potentially unauthorised access.
test electronic units;Test electronic units using appropriate equipment. Gather and analyse data. Monitor and evaluate system performance and take action if needed.
interpret tramway traffic signs;Observe traffic signs, understand their meaning, and act accordingly in the tramway infrastructure.
provide information on trade-in options;"Inform customers who consider a trade-in of their used car about their options; discuss all required documents and signatures; negotiate prices."
check for flaws in scanned material;Check for colour consistency and possible flaws in the scanned material.
adjust surveying equipment;Ensure accuracy of measurement by adjusting surveying equipment.
construct canal locks;Install lock systems in sections of canals for the raising and lowering of vessels from one level to another. These are used for their passage over canals as well as for the control of the water level.
handle returns;Manage goods that have been returned by customers, following the applicable goods return policy.
develop statistical software;Participate in the various development stages of computer programs for econometric and statistical analysis, such as research, new product development, prototyping, and maintenance.
implement anti-virus software;Download, install and update software to prevent, detect and remove malicious software, such as computer viruses.
degum liquids;Remove gums from water and oils. Use equipment to separate hydratable gums and other soluble that exude from certain plants.
monitor aviation meteorology;Monitor and interpret the information provided by weather stations to anticipate conditions that may affect airports and flights.
develop production line;Develop the production line of a designed product. This corresponds to a sequence of mechanical or manual operations involved within a production process of a manufactured product.
silvering;Process of evaporating aluminium or silver in a vacuum chamber containing glass objects, such as mirrors or optical instruments, to obtain a reflective coating. Some methods also use pure oxygen or a layer of quartz.
manage visitor flows in natural protected areas;Direct visitor flows in natural protected areas, so as to minimise the long-term impact of visitors and ensure the preservation of local flora and fauna, in line with environmental regulations.
train operators in using mine machinery;Demonstrate mining equipment features and functions to machine operators.
develop defence policies;Develop strategies for the development and implementation of defence policies, for national or international defence organisations and operations, to improve security and to better operate in dangerous situations and against threats.
define ICT network design policies;Specify policies, principles, rules, processes and criteria for the design, planning and realisation of ICT networks.
use lift bags;Use bags filled with air to help carry objects underwater, or send them to the surface. Choose the right capacity lift bag for the object to be carried and attach it securely to the object. If multiple bags are used, make sure the lifting capacity is distributed evenly.
issue permits;Issue construction, renovation or demolition permits after thorough inspection.
restock toilet facilities supplies;Make sure that toilet supplies such as soap and toilet paper are always available for customer use.
plan health and safety procedures;Set up procedures for maintaining and improving health and safety in the workplace.
run preventive simulations;Run preventive audits or simulations with new signalling systems. Assess operability and detect flaws for improvement.
understand written Italian;Read and comprehend written texts in Italian.
operate hydraulic machinery controls;use correctly the controls of specialized machinery by turning valves, handwheels, or rheostats to move and control flow of fuels, water, and dry or liquid binders to machines.
use culinary finishing techniques;Apply culinary finishing techniques including garnishing, decorating, plating, glazing, presenting and portioning.
protect trees;Preserve trees taking into account the health and conditions of the tree(s) and plans for preservation and conservation of the area. This includes the cutting of trees or branches on trees applying knowlege of the biology of the tree.
wood cuts;Different ways of cutting wood, across the grain or parallel with it, and radial or tangential to the core. The behaviour of cuts of wood under different circumstances and the optimal cut for a given purpose. Influence of special attributes of the wood, like knots or defects.
mix live images;Follow different video streams of a live event and mix them together using specialised equipment and software.
food product ingredients;Technical features of the formulation of ingredients for food products.
SAP R3;The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in SAP R3.
polish clay products;Use abrasives to smoothen the surface of clay products such as sculptures, dolls and models working with sanding papers, manual or power tools.
operate presses, dryers and control systems;Operate presses, dryers and control systems, ensuring maximal operation of the dryer.
assess vessel capability;"Assess vessel capability utilising different methods and drawing on information from the deck crew; determine specific measurements and gather data for further calculations on the capability of vessels."
model hardware;Model and simulate computer hardware using technical design software. Assess the viability of the product and examine the physical parameters to ensure a successful production process.
perform ultrasound;Use ultrasound and sonography imaging techniques to look at the inside of the patients body.
lead the sustainability reporting process;Oversee the process of reporting on the sustainability performance of the organisation, according to established guidelines and standards.
manage airport workshops;Manage airport workshops to organise operations and ensure completion of all necessary tasks. Prepare maintenance activities according to the requirements and needs of the airport.
report on building damage;Report on deterioration or disturbances of a buildings exterior so that the correct authorities are aware of the problem and plans can be made for treating the damage.
conduct performance tests;Conduct experimental, environmental and operational tests on models, prototypes or on the systems and equipment itself in order to test their strength and capabilities under normal and extreme conditions.
prepare the floor for performance;Check the state of the floor, making sure that its absorption of impact, restitution of energy and adherence properties are adequate. Check the surface for cleanliness, any sharp edges, level differences, holes. Take into account these conditions when planning the rehearsal and training sessions in order to avoid health problems. Notify the appropriate person or people of any problems. Remove unwanted or unnecessary material. Clearly indicate the performance area. Position the props. Determine the optimal viewpoint.
ensure incident free execution of voyages;Ensure incident free execution of the voyages of international charter ships carrying crude, chemical and/or clean oil cargos, and optimise chartered vessel performance. Anticipate any potential incidents and plan measures to mitigate their impact.
prepare audit schemes for ships;Plan and prepare defined period audit schemes for vessels. Envision the requirements and procedures to be undertaken, and translate these into necessary activities and actions.
interact verbally in Catalan;Communicate orally in Catalan.
street art history;History of street performance and street art traditions.
operate tram system monitoring equipment;Monitor tram services, ensuring that trams are running safely and at the scheduled frequency.
assist the homeless;Work with homeless individuals and support them with their needs, taking into consideration their vulnerability and isolation.
vegetation control;Spray vegetation by the sides of roads to control its encroachment on forest roads.
conduct research on food waste prevention;Research and evaluate methods, equipment and costs for reducing and managing food waste. Monitor recorded measurement data and identify areas for improvement relating to food waste prevention.
stages of normal development;The main sequential stages of normal development, the cognitive, emotional and social measures of maturation through the human lifespan.
coordinate music with scenes;Coordinate the selection of music and sounds so they match the mood of the scene.
types of sawing blades;Types of cutting blades used in the sawing process, such as band saw blades, crosscut blades, plytooth blades and others, made from tool steel, carbide, diamond or other materials.
mould chocolate;Mould chocolate to make chocolate pieces that are of a certain shape. Pour liquid chocolate into a mould and let it harden.
fisheries legislation;The study and analysis of different fisheries management approaches taking into account international treaties and industry norms in order to analyze fisheries management regulations. 
use e-procurement;Use digital procurement technologies and e-procurement applications and tools in order to reduce administrative burden, improve efficiency, and strengthen transparency and accountability of procurement procedures.
conduct aviation fuel servicing operations;Perform refuelling and defueling activities, such as receiving fuel by tank truck or rail car, and preparing and checking documentation, in support of aviation refuelling objectives.
manage digital identity;Create and manage one or multiple digital identities, be able to protect ones own reputation, deal with the data that one produces through several digital tools, environments and services.
understand spoken Greek;Comprehend orally expressed Greek.
install tunnel segments;Set the reinforced concrete tunnel segments in place after the tunnel boring machine has excavated sufficient space. Base the position of the segments on the plans or calculations for optimal placement.
extract coppice;Cut coppice to promote healthy re-growth of the coppice stool. Extract cut coppice using methods appropriate to the site and amount of material.
nanoelectronics;Quantum mechanics, wave-particle duality, wave functions and inter-atomic interactions. Description of electrons on a nanoscale. Use of nanotechnology in electronic components on a molecular scale. 
grind gemstones;Shape gemstones using equipment such as diamond or silicon carbide wheels to obtain a rough though more regular form called the preform.
propose settlements;Take into account the damage appraisal or incident and injury reports in order to suggest a settlement to insurance professionals which would settle the claim with the claimant, such as estimating repair costs for damages or a reimbursement of medical costs.
apply requirements concerning manufacturing of food and beverages;Apply and follow national, international, and internal requirements quoted in standards, regulations and other specifications related with manufacturing of food and beverages.
metal thermal conductivity;The property of metals to conduct heat.
recognise indicators of problem betting;Recognise and react adequately to signs of problem betting, such as obsession, irrational behaviour and borrowing money.
apply socially just working principles;Work in accordance with management and organisational principles and values focusing on human rights and social justice.
operate shotcreter;Operate a shotcreter, a mechanised shotcrete spraying system used for ground support applications. Pneumatically project concrete at high velocity through a hose to cover a surface or fill holes for a variety of purposes.
Urdu;The Urdu language.
conduct field work;Conducts field work or research which is the collection of information outside of a laboratory or workplace setting. Visit places in order to collect specific information about the field.
provide protective escort;Protect the client when he is outside of his accommodation or workplace at an event or on the move, using strategies and meeting all necessary security measures in order to defend the client of possible threats such as assassination or abduction attempts.
create architectural sketches;Create architectural sketches for the design and detail specifications of interiors and exteriors to scale.
prepare simple meals on board;"Prepare simple meals using healthy ingredients; work hygienically."
understand spoken Latvian;Comprehend orally expressed Latvian.
handle scenic elements during rehearsal;Handle and assemble equipment and scenery material during rehearsal or on stage.
plan measures to safeguard cultural heritage;Prepare protection plans to apply against unexpected disasters to reduce the impact on cultural heritage as buildings, structures or landscapes.
teach driving theory;Use didactic ways to educate on road traffic laws, on the appropriate driving behaviour, on authorisation requirements for vehicles and trailers, on the operation of different types of vehicles, and on the dangers of road travel.
determine crane load;"Calculate weight of crane loads; compare weighing results to lifting capacities in order to prevent overload and ensure safety."
innovation in nursing;The methods and tools used to bring about innovative changes and quality improvement in the nursing field.
types of toy materials;Field of information which distinguishes the nature and different types of toy materials, such as wood, glass, plastic, steel, etc.
audiovisual products;The different types of audiovisual products and their requirements, such as documentaries, low budget movies, television series, records, CDs, and others.
manage allocation of tourism services;Oversee allocation of rooms, seats and tourism services by negotiating with involved parties.
diagnose abnormalities of dental-facial structures;Assess abnormalities in jaw development, tooth position, and other structures of the teeth and face.
braiding technology;Development, manufacturing requirements, properties and evaluation of braided fabrics.
analyse route possibilities in pipeline projects;Analyse sufficient route possibilities for developing pipeline projects. Ensure that crucial elements such as environment, the features of a location, purpose, and other elements are considered. Analyse the best route possibilities while attempting to maintain a balance between budget and quality.
environmental aspects of inland waterway transportation;Consider ecological aspects of the operation of ships in order to use vessels in an efficient and environmentally friendly manner. Understand environmental aspects when navigating inland waterways.
tracking principles;The various components to specifying an animal or persons whereabouts by reading and interpreting the trails and signs left behind by them such as foot or paw prints, faeces, or the disturbance of the direct environment. Another important element is the age and the size of the tracks.
keep up-to-date on manufacturers policies;"Stay up-to-date on manufacturer warranty and policy procedures; communicate with factory representatives."
manage fruit juice extraction processes;Use presses and filters to extract juice from fruit.
manage outdoor resources;"Recognise and relate meteorology to topography; apply the principal of ‘Leave no trace."
track train delays;"Identify train delays; ensure movement of priority trains; coordinate protection of wide/high loads or special railway operations."
modern portfolio theory;The theory of finance that attempts to either maximise the profit of an investment equivalent to the risk taken or to reduce the risk for the expected profit of an investment by judiciously choosing the right combination of financial products.
affix memorial plaques;Attach memorial plaques to the right gravestones as requested by the deceased persons will or by their relatives.
develop membership strategies;Create proposals for membership strategies such as options for alternative membership models, membership rules and financial modelling.
assist children with special needs in education settings;Assist children with special needs, identifying their needs, modifying classroom equipment to accommodate them and helping them participate in school activities.
help the programmer define an artistic vision;Help the programmer or director describe their artistic vision for the institution, programming season, venue, project, etc. Verbally help them to formulate their artistic intent and articulate it in writing.
use audio reproduction software;Operate software and equipment that transform and reproduce digital, analogue sounds and sound waves into the desired perceivable audio to be streamed.
ensure quality assurance standards for vehicles;Implement and monitor the maintenance, repair and/or recondition of vehicles ensuring all quality assurance standards are met.
work with nursing staff;Work together with nurses and other health professionals in supporting the delivery of basic patient care.
food service operations;The various aspects, such as procedures and techniques, of serving food to customers.
promote inclusion;Promote inclusion in health care and social services and respect diversity of beliefs, culture, values and preferences, keeping in mind the importance of equality and diversity issues.
promote the air transport operator at events;Promote and represent the air transport operator at national and international events, exhibitions, and conferences in order to raise the profile of the company in the aviation industry.
classify library materials;Classify, code and catalogue books, publications, audio-visual documents and other library materials based on subject matter or library classification standards.
clean up after an event;Make the premises neat and orderly during event-free periods.
test tightness and pressure of refrigeration circuits;Perform system pressure tests on refrigeration, air condition or heat pump equipment using pressurised gas and vacuum pump to check tightness of the refrigeration circuit and its parts.
assess customer credibility;Communicate with customers to assess whether their true intentions are in line with what they claim in order to eliminate any risks from a potential agreement with the customer.
understand different types of locks and their operation;Master various engineering constructions and functions of bridges and locks in the field of navigation. Conduct locking and entering procedures.
demonstrate trustworthiness;Demonstrate honesty, integrity and credibility in the workplace. Show loyalty to your team and organisation and prove trustworthiness.
tai chi;The traditional medicine practice, originally conceived as a martial art, which is based on Chinese philosophical principles and is known for its defense training and health benefits.
handle communications in the food processing industry;Interact with food processing professionals to obtain correct information about their work and actions.
install monitors for process control;Plan and deploy a system of monitors for controlling specific processes in an organisation or a system.
sporting events;Possess an understanding of different sporting events and conditions that can affect a result.
ensure health and safety of dive teams;Monitor the safety of the dive teams. Ensure that the operation is carried out from a safe, suitable location as per diving operation manual. When necessary, decide whether it is safe to proceed with the dive.
cloud technologies;The technologies which enable access to hardware, software, data and services through remote servers and software networks irrespective of their location and architecture.
maintain records of work with service users;Maintain accurate, concise, up-to-date and timely records of the work with service users while complying with legislation and policies related to privacy and security.
integrate building requirements in the architectural design;Interpret clients’ requirements for building projects and integrate them into the design of the construction while considering feasibility and budget constraints.
engage artistic staff;Search for and engage appropriate staff for upcoming artistic events and productions by recruiting talented and competent employees in order to carry out high-quality artistic projects.
package purchases in bags;Packet purchased items and place them in shopping bags.
ensure diving operations conform with plan;Ensure that the dive adheres to the operational plan and the contingency plan.
cover V-belts with fabric;Cover V-belts drawing fabric through the crimping device while the machine is rotating the guide roll on which the belt is set.
maritime meteorology;The scientific field of study that interprets meteorological information and applies it to ensure the safety of marine traffic.
dye candles;Apply a dye to the candle wax to obtain the desired colour.
advise on lesson plans;Advise on the ways in which lesson plans for specific lessons can be improved in order to reach education goals, engage the students and adhere to the curriculum.
advise customers on bread;Give advice to customers at their request concerning the preparation and storage of bread.
troubleshoot cosmetics formula issues;Troubleshoot the unstable formulas, scalling-up issues in order to ensure stability and a high quality end product that conforms to specifications.
accurately estimate work hours;"Assess the necessary work hours, equipment, and skills required to successfully complete a task.;"
apply specialised veterinary knowledge;Resolve problems which are beyond the competence of a general practice veterinarian.
ensure correct metal temperature;Ensure the necessary, usually constant, temperature of processed metal workpieces during metal fabrication processes.
business strategy concepts;The terminology related to the design and implementation of major trends and aims which are taken by an organisations executives, while keeping in mind its resources, competition and environments.
coordinate environmental efforts;Organise and integrate all environmental efforts of the company, including pollution control, recycling, waste management, environmental health, conservation and renewable energy.
manage occupational therapy students;Supervise and manage the work of occupational therapy students, students from related professions and assistants.
shiatsu;The complementary medicine massage therapy which is based on the theoretical framework of traditional Chinese medicine and it is performed by finger massages on clients to reduce their stress and pain according to the shiatsu principles.
draw up artistic project proposals;Write project proposals for art facilities, artist residencies and galleries.
create risk reports;Gather all the information, analyse the variables and create reports where the detected risks of the company or projects are analysed and possible solutions are suggested as counter actions to the risks.
respiratory medicine;Respiratory medicine is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
ensure compliance with policies;To ensure compliance with legislation and company procedures in respect of Health and Safety in the workplace and public areas, at all times. To ensure awareness of and compliance with all Company Policies in relation to Health and Safety and Equal Opportunities in the workplace. To carry out any other duties which may reasonably be required.
aquaculture cultivation equipment;Understand aquaculture cultivation equipment drawings and plans
operate carpet centrifugal machine;Set up and operate a machine which unwinds, spins and dries the rug, extracting the majority of the water out of it. Hang it up to dry afterwards.
use curing room equipment;Use tools and equipment in curing rooms such as ropes, hangers, brooms, and wrenches. Maintain equipment in place and ready to be used in production.
monitor fuel storage tanks;Monitor on site above ground diesel or gasoline. Location and management according to commonly accepted industry practice. Ensure underground storage tanks are regularly tested and found to be leak-proof. In case of leaks prepare a remedial plan to remove tanks and clean contaminated soils.
develop codified movements;Identify codified movements to be used. Use and demonstrate codified movements to the performers.
follow industry codes of practice for aviation safety;Follows industry codes of practice relating to aviation safety. Follow guidance material to adhere to the requirements of the International Civil Aviation Organization’s Standards (ICAO), other aviation safety requirements, and the identified best practices.
health technology assessment;The assessment of the properties, performance and effects of health technologies aimed at detecting the direct and indirect effects of health technologies and their desired and undesired consequences.
install kerbstones;Strengthen the edges of the road by installing gutters and by laying concrete blocks or natural stone slabs to form a kerb.
mashing process;Managing the mashing process and understanding its influence on wort quality and character of the finished fermented beverage.
process payments;Accept payments such as cash, credit cards and debit cards. Handle reimbursement in case of returns or administer vouchers and marketing instruments such as bonus cards or membership cards. Pay attention to safety and the protection of personal data.
operate compression rollers;Set up and monitor the piece of machinery that applies pressure on material in order to flatten it and reduce its volume.
show entrepreneurial spirit;Develop, organise and manage an own business venture, identifying and pursuing opportunities and mobilising resources, keeping in mind a profitability perspective. Demonstrate a proactive attitude and determination to achieve success in business
operate varnish production equipment;Operate the equipment that melts, cooks and mixes ingredients used in varnish production. The ingredients that are to be mixed are usually gums, naphtha and oils.
agricultural sector policies;The public administration and regulatory aspects of the agricultural sector, and requirements necessary to create policies.
manage student admissions;Assess students’ applications and manage correspondence with them concerning their admission, or rejection, pursuant to the regulations of the school, university or other educational organisation. This also includes obtaining educational information, such as personal records, on the student. File the paperwork of the admitted students.
theology;The study of systematically and rationally understanding, explaining, and criticising religious ideas, concepts, and all things divine.
provide care for the mother during labour;Actively manage women in labour, prescribing and administer pain relief medication as needed and providing emotional support and comfort for the mother.
operate pressure washer;Operate a mechanical sprayer which makes use of high pressure to clean surfaces and rid them of contamination, paint residue, dirt and grime, and mould.
interact verbally in Swedish;Communicate orally in Swedish.
maintain photographic equipment;Execute maintenance tasks to keep photographic equipment functioning properly.
teach geography;Instruct students in the theory and practice of the subject geography, and more specifically in topics such as volcanic activity, the solar system, and population.
interpret traffic signals;Observe lights on the road, road conditions, nearby traffic, and prescribed speed limits to ensure safety. Interpret traffic signals and act accordingly.
manage fundraising activities;Initiate fundraising activities managing the place, teams involved, causes and budgets.
assess structural integrity of ship for maritime usage;Assess the structural integrity of a ship and determine its suitability for continued use in maritime activities.
measure software usability;Check the convenience of the software product for the end user. Identify user problems and make adjustments to improve usability practice. Collect input data on how users evaluate software products.
rescue bathers;Help swimmers or water sport participants out of the water when they get into difficulties at a beach or a swimming pool.
Frostbite (digital game creation systems);The game engine Frostbite which is a software framework that consists of integrated development environments and specialised design tools, designed for the rapid iteration of user-derived computer games.
appraise gemstones;Assess and analyse cut and polished gemstones, determine if they are natural or synthetic and verify their worth. Look at the gems colour, clarity, and cutting properties in order to grade their value.
take emergency measures in pregnancy;Perform the manual removal of placenta, and the manual examination of the uterus in emergency cases, when the doctor is not present.
business loans;Loans which are intended for business purposes and which can either be secured or unsecured depending on whether a collateral is involved. The different types of business loans such as bank loans, mezzanine finance, asset-based finance, and invoice finance.
develop technological improvement strategies;Create plans for the development and implementation of strategies which facilitate improvements in technological projects and in the efficiency of the projects procedures, taking into account analyses and relevant regulations.
prepare cleaning materials for window cleaning;Ensure the appropriate preparation of the cleaning products and equipment such as ladders, cradles and rope access equipment required to clean windows at heights.
spelling;The rules concerning the way words are spelled.
provide written content;Communicate information in written form via digital or print media according to the needs of the target group. Structure the content according to specifications and standards. Apply grammar and spelling rules.
types of audiovisual formats;Various audio and video formats, including digital.
design greeting cards;Design the illustrations on greeting cards.
interpret technical requirements;Analyse, understand and apply the information provided regarding technical conditions.
construct coquilles;Construct coquilles for the casting of objects in plaster, clay, or metal. Use casting machines and materials such as rubber, plaster or fibreglass.
ensure aircraft compliance with regulation;Ensure that every aircraft complies with applicable regulation and all components and equipment have officially valid components.
create 3D texture map;Add detail, colour or surface texture to a computer-based 3D-model or graphic.
interact verbally in Korean;Communicate orally in Korean.
prepare doses of medication according to patient needs;Ensure the patient receives the appropriate dose and form of medication.
oversee granulation operations;Oversee the operations performed within the granulation process, in order to detect any deviations or problems, ensuring the quality standards are kept.
clean optical components;Clean optical components after every cycle in the manufacturing process.
test system accessibility for users with special needs;Examine whether software interface complies with standards and regulations so that the system can be used by people with special needs.
report facts;Relay information or recount events orally.
horticultural design;Design of horticultural areas taking into account factors, such as climate and microclimates, topography and orientation, site drainage and groundwater recharge, municipal and resource building codes, soils and irrigation, human and vehicular access and circulation, etc.   
carry out statistical forecasts;Undertake a systematic statistical examination of data representing past observed behaviour of the system to be forecast, including observations of useful predictors outside the system.
coat seams with putty;coat seams between planks of boats with putty to make them watertight.
react to events in time-critical environments;Monitor the situation around you and anticipate. Be ready to take quick and appropriate action in case of unexpected events.
Swift (computer programming);The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in Swift.
maintain prosthetic-orthotic laboratory equipment;Check the condition of the prosthetic-orthotic laboratory equipment used. Clean and perform maintenance operations as necessary.
apply insulation strips;Apply insulation strips, which prevent air exchange between outdoors and indoors areas.
provide advice to clients in terms of import restrictions;Inform clients about import restrictions such as import tariffs, licenses, quotas, currency restrictions, prohibition and other related regulations.
principles of combustion engines;Basic knowledge and understanding of different types of engines and their construction and performance.
handle bar equipment;Use bar equipment such as cocktail shakers, blenders and cutting boards.
medical sales industry;Suppliers, target audience, products and competitors on the medical sales market.
respond to burglar alarm systems;Monitor the received signals from a burglar alarm system and react promptly to investigate the issues.
support patients to understand their conditions;Facilitate the process of self-discovery for the healthcare user, helping them to learn about their condition and become more aware of and in control of moods, feelings, thoughts, behaviour, and their origins. Help the healthcare user learn to manage problems and difficulties with greater resilience.
attend to childrens basic physical needs;Tend to children by feeding them, dressing them, and, if necessary, regularly changing their diapers in a sanitary manner.
teach hospitality principles;Instruct students in the theory and practice of serving customers, with the aim of assisting them in pursuing a future career in this field, more specifically in an accommodation or in a food and beverage service setting.
manufacturing of heating equipment;The manufacture of electrical ovens and water heaters by metalworking processes.
civil aviation regulations;Know civil aviation regulations, rules and signals, including marshalling signals.
ICT project management methodologies;The methodologies or models for planning, managing and overseeing of ICT resources in order to meet specific goals, such methodologies are Waterfall, Incremental, V-Model, Scrum or Agile and using project management ICT tools.
auriculotherapy;Alternative medicine therapy which has as its basis the idea that the ear is a microsystem which represents the entire body. Thus the physical, mental or emotional health conditions can be treated from the ear surface by means of reflexology and acupuncture.
manage canopy;Manage the parts of the vine visible above ground to improve grape yields, quality, and vigour. Prevent grape diseases, uneven grape ripening, sunburn, and frost damage.
wildlife projects;Wildlife and animal conservation projects, which aim to protect and preserve ecosystems and habitats of a wide range of animals under threat from urbanisation.
Moodle;The computer program Moodle is a e-learning platform for creating, administrating, arranging, reporting and delivering e-learning education courses or training programs.
design hardware;Design and develop new computer hardware systems and components. Draft blueprints and assembly drawings specifying how the computer equipment should be build.
monitor airspace planning;"Process airspace data to monitor and improve airspace planning; improve flight efficiency and reduce operational costs."
consult shipping rates;Seek information about shipping rates and compare these rates between different providers of goods or commodities.
serve beverages;Provide a variety of alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages such as soft drinks, mineral waters, wine and bottled beer over a counter or using a tray.
stow cargo;"Stow cargo in a secure manner; operate handling gear and lashing equipment."
follow organisational guidelines in the cleaning industry;Apply and follow all protocols or guidelines described by the company within your specific cleaning area. It can also involve wearing the foreseen uniform or piece of clothing at all times or using specific equipment or materials.
keep records of merchandise delivery;"Keep records of goods deliveries; report discrepancies to control costs in order to maintain correct inventory levels."
perform kiln fermentation of tobacco leaves;Place tobacco leaves in the kiln with the lid shut. Control heat and humidity. Kiln fermenting lasts about 4 to 6 weeks.
manipulate stainless steel;Manipulate the shape, size and properties of stainless steel.
interact verbally in Portuguese;Communicate orally in Portuguese.
observe mixture characteristics;Observe the characteristics such as colour, homogeneity or viscosity of the boiling mixture in the tank.
landscaping materials;Field of information which distinguishes certain required materials, such as wood and wood chips, cement, pebbles and soil for landscaping purposes.
organise information;Arrange information according to a specified set of rules. Catalogue and classify information based on the characteristics of that information.
manage aircraft support systems;Perform data capture, process and control to manage aircraft support systems.
investment analysis;The methods and tools for analysis of an investment compared to its potential return. Identification and calculation of profitability ratio and financial indicators in relation to associated risks to guide decision on investment.
history of fashion;Costumes and the cultural traditions around clothing.
control engineering;Subdiscipline of engineering that focuses on controlling the behaviour of systems through the use of sensors and actuators.
music literature;Literature about music theory, specific music styles, periods, composers or musicians, or specific pieces. This includes a variety of materials such as magazines, journals, books and academic literature.
support fishery training procedures;Support colleagues progress in their line of work by increasing their job specific know-how.
manage software localisation;Organise the transference process of a certain software from one locale to another, in order to expand the number of users, by modifying content through the use of user interface translation, while taking into consideration the properties of the future country the software will be introduced into.
plan weapon use on stage;Prepare a plan of how weapon props will be used during a live performance.
perform blending operations;Perform powdered ingredients blending adding the correct binding ingredient according to the formula: gelatin, water, alcohol or starch paste.
participate in medical inventory control;Monitor the condition of a medical inventory. Ensure the materials are stored safely. Re-order supplies when needed.
test safety strategies;Test policies and strategies related to risk and safety management and procedures, such as testing evacuation plans, safety equipment, and carrying out drills.
pump paint;Pump, from the central station, the paint, in order to spray booths.
security panels;The internal logic of the security panel, where security sensors send their data for processing. The different components of the panel, such as the wire contact points, motherboard and transformer.
identify market niches;Analyse the composition of the markets, segment these into groups, and highlight the opportunities that each one of these niches represent in terms of new products.
pneumatics;The application of pressurised gas to produce mechanical motion.
analyse texts to be illustrated;"Analyse texts to be illustrated; researching and checking sources."
manage the store image;Ensure the stores concept is properly advertised through different channels, and that the image is consistent with the product display and staff behaviour.
philosophical schools of thought;The various sets of philosophical ideas and styles throughout history up to the present such as Calvinism, hedonism and Kantianism.
interpret artistic intentions;Interpret the artistic intentions of the author.
optoelectronic devices;Electronic devices, systems, and components that possess optical features. These devices or components may include electrically driven light sources, such as LEDs and laser diodes, components that can convert light into electricity, such as solar or photovoltaic cells, or devices that can electronically manipulate and control light.
apply basic programming skills;List simple instructions for a computing system to solve problems or perform tasks at a basic level and with appropriate guidance where needed.
draw blueprints;Draw layout specifications for machinery, equipment and building structures. Specify which materials should be used and the size of the components. Show different angles and views of the product.
promote social awareness;Promote the understanding of dynamics of social relationships between individuals, groups, and communities. Promote the importance of human rights, and positive social interaction, and the inclusion of social awareness in education.
operate heat sealing machinery;Operate machines and equipment used for sealing products, packaging or other thermoplastic materials using heat.
mill operations;Details of milling operations related to grind size, particle size distribution, heat evolution. Milling processes for different cereals and grains.
develop professional network;Reach out to and meet up with people in a professional context. Find common ground and use your contacts for mutual benefit. Keep track of the people in your personal professional network and stay up to date on their activities.
Vietnamese;The Vietnamese language.
use colour printing programs;Use colour printing programs, such as the CMYK colour (ink) model for various pressing machines.
real-time computing;The ICT hardware and software systems which are bound to respond to input within precisely tight constraints of time
types of orthopedic supplies;Various types of orthopaedic supplies such as braces and arm supports, used for physical therapy or physical rehabilitation.
apply GMP;Apply regulations regarding manufacture of food and food safety compliance. Employ food safety procedures based on Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP).
palliative settings;The arrangement of the surrounding environment to alleviate the pain of patients in need of palliative care.
handle cargo;Manage safely the mechanical elements in the loading and unloading of cargo and stores. Stowing and unstowing of products following instructions.
implement ICT network diagnostic tools;Use software tools or components that monitor ICT network parameters, such as performance and throughput, provide data and statistics, diagnose errors, failures or bottlenecks and support decision making.
tend cigarette making machine;Tend cigarette making machine assuring fluent operations and sufficient equipment of materials in the machine such as leaves, filters, and glue. Put the cut and conditioned tobacco, known as cut filler, it is wrapped in cigarette paper by machine to produce a continuous cigarette. This is then cut to the appropriate length and the filter is added and wrapped to the cigarette rod with tipping paper.
apply extensive study of beer styles;Study and analyse beer styles from different countries and consult companies and people in the industry. 
program a CNC controller;Set up the desired product design in the CNC controller of the CNC machine for product manufacturing.
build networks;Demonstrate the ability to build effective relationships, to develop and maintain alliances, contacts or partnerships, and to exchange information with others.
report accounts of the professional activity;Recount events and facts which happened in professional contexts.
prepare purchasing reportings;Prepare documentation and files related to product purchases.
evaluate integrated design of buildings;Use goals and targets as means of measuring success of design proposals. Apply, combine and evaluate advanced methods for analysis of the interplay between energy systems, architectural concepts, building design, building use, outdoor climate and HVAC systems.
extract fatty acid;Extract fatty acid obtained through the conversion of creamy latex into coagulated slurry which is further processed in the soap conversion tanks.
inspect crane equipment;Inspect the suitability of cables, pulleys, and grappling devices that form parts of cranes. Ensure the ongoing maintenance of this equipment.
build miniature props;Build miniature props from a variety of materials, working with the design staff to create the appropriate prop for the production.
cleaning of reusable packaging;Methods of cleaning and disinfecting reusable packaging to prevent or remove deposits of organic or inorganic nature of the packaging.
preset miniature sets;Arrange miniature sets in preparation of shooting.
interact verbally in French;Communicate orally in French.
mix construction grouts;Mix construction materials with water and other materials based on the appropriate recipe. Mix thoroughly to prevent lumps. Avoid contamination, which will adversely affect the properties of the mixture.
select new library items to acquire;Select new library items to acquire by exchange or purchase.
types of strabismus;The characteristics of the various types of strabismus such as esotropia and hypertropia.
psychology;The human behaviour and performance with individual differences in ability, personality, interests, learning, and motivation.
assess patients after surgery;Examine and assess the patient after the surgical procedure, checking the patient`s condition and helping with transferring the patient from the operating room.
keep up-to-date to current customs regulations;Follow the latest developments and changes occurred in customs regulations and government policies related to international trade.
oversee delivery of fuel;Oversee fuel deliveries to service station.
define artistic approach;Define your own artistic approach by analysing your previous work and your expertise, identifying the components of your creative signature, and starting from these explorations to describe your artistic vision.
develop appropriate health and safety measures in accordance with available resources;Develop measures to enhance health and safety matters, considering the available resources. Carry out a cost benefit analysis to find the proper balance between ensuring health and safety and the cost of these measures.
chemical constitution of apples;Chemical constitution of apples: sugars, water content, proteins, acidity, and vitamins. Constituents of apples which contribute to better quality, so the apple production can be used in obtaining healthy juice and pulp.
prepare the restaurant for service;Make the restaurant ready for service, including arranging and setting tables, preparing service areas and ensuring the cleanliness of the dining area.
use aquacultural heating equipment;Operate water heating and pump equipment as appropriate such as electrical heaters, heat exchangers, heat pumps, and solar pumps.
maintain event records;Maintain records of every administrative aspect of an upcoming event, including financial details.
park vehicles;Park motorised vehicles without compromising the integrity of vehicles and safety of people.
types of metal manufacturing processes;Metal processes linked to the different types of metal, such as casting processes, heat treatment processes, repair processes and other metal manufacturing processes.
design microelectromechanical systems;Design and develop microelectromechanical systems (MEMS), such as microsensing devices. Make a model and a simulation using technical design software to assess the viability of the product and examine the physical parameters to ensure a successful production process.
prepare visual data;Prepare charts and graphs in order to present data in a visual manner.
cure composite workpiece;Take the necessary steps to let a composite workpiece cure. Switch on heating components like infrared lamps or heated moulds, or introduce the workpiece into a curing oven.
place mirrors;Set different types of mirrors onto walls, doors, cupboards or other surfaces. Make sure the mirror is set firmly in place.
guide learners in using assistive technologies;Instruct and guide learners on how to use assistive technologies appropriate to their specific learning challenge: such as word prediction, text-to-speech or speech recognition. Explain the features of the technology and its benefits for the learner.
deputise for the mine manager;Deputising for the mine manager in case of absence.
create media schedule;Determine the pattern of advertising timing when ads must appear in the media and the frequency of these advertisements. Follow scheduling models such as Continuity and pulsing.
adhere to the ALARA principle;Apply the ALARA (as low as reasonably achievable) principle during image acquisition in radiation therapy.
SQL Server;The computer program SQL Server is a tool for creating, updating and managing databases, developed by the software company Microsoft.
smooth glass surface;Smooth glass or lens surfaces of optical instruments with grinding and polishing tools, such as diamond tools.
issue sales quotations for repairs or maintenance;Issue sales quotes, allowing potential customers to see which costs would be involved for the work or services they would like to have done.
adapt existing designs to changed circumstances;Adapt an existing design to changed circumstances and ensure that the artistic quality of the original design is reflected in the final result.
train cleaning procedures;Field of knowledge which distinguishes different types of equipment and their processes for cleaning and maintaining the interior of trains.
perform risk assessment for fight actions;Assess risks involved in fight scenes. Factor in the type of fight, the type of weapons used, the mastery of performers in the fighting discipline, and any environment conditions such as the stage, scenery and costumes.
music therapy processes;The development stage of a music therapy process which includes receiving patients referred to from healthcare professionals, educational professionals, completing an assessment through the study of medical or education records, interviewing the patient and observing the patient`s responses to music therapy techniques.
anticipate change in car technology;Stay up-to-date with latest trends in car technology and anticipate change in the field.
wide web flexographic printing press;Methods and restrictions of printing on flexographic printing presses, which use wide width of printing, can achieve high run speeds and utilise fast drying solvents.
manage the handling of promotional materials;Plan and prepare the production of promotional materials with third parties by contacting printing companies, agreeing on logistics and delivery, and making sure that deadlines are met.
assess art therapy sessions;Evaluate the effectiveness of art therapy sessions to aid the planning of subsequent sessions.
liaise with the transported goods workers;Communicate and work with the relevant parties involved regarding the transportation of goods.
cryopreservation;Cyropreservation deals with procedures, risks and conditions applied to cells or tissues in order to prevent contamination and damage. It refers to the preservation of embryos, eggs, semen and testicle tissue by cooling to very low temperatures (typically -80 or -196°C).
work with broad variety of personalities;Be flexible and work with a broad mix of personalities.
blasting abrasives;The various types and properties of fine, abrasive materials used for abrasive blasting, such as white aluminium oxide, white aluminium oxide, steel grit, silicon carbide, and others.
evaluate events;Evaluate the success of recently organised events, making recommendations to improve future events.
liaise with board members;Report to the management, boards of directors and committees of an organisation.
sizes of paper;Different kinds of paper sizes such as folio, quarto, octavo, and sixteen-mo. Each type indicates how many times the paper has to be folded. While these are older, they are nowadays connected with ISO standards such as the A paper sizes.
achieve sales targets;Reach set sales goals, measured in revenue or sold units. Reach the target within a specific timeframe, prioritise sold products and services accordingly and plan in advance.
manage customer service;Manage the delivery of customer service including activities and approaches that play a vital part in customer service by seeking and implementing improvements and developments.
monitor plant production;Monitor plant processes and efficiency set-up to ensure the maximum output of production levels.
identify music with commercial potential;Identify if music has commercial potential or not by listening to demos. Make a decision based on your expertise and market trends.
teach ergonomics in work place;Teach employees how to use their bodies properly in relation to machinery and equipment without harming themselves.
remove embryos from animals;Collect embryos, under veterinary instruction, ensuring that the health status both of the donor animal and the embryo is maintained at all times.
provide domiciliary eyecare;Provide in-home eyecare for patients.
operate hot glue gun;Operate the electric machine used to apply hot melt adhesive to join two pieces of material.
implement efficiency plans for logistics operations;Implement efficiency plans developed by managers in facilities. Use techniques, resources, and training in order to improve workplace efficiency.
tend hoses;Use hoses to wash centrifuge, caring for the integrity of the machine and minimising waste of water.
methods of differential diagnosis;The procedures used to differentiate between conditions having similar symptoms.
assist audiologists with screening;"Prepare basic hearing tests and audiological screenings; examine ear canals using an otoscope; provide assistance during more complex audiology tests."
abide by regulations on banned materials;Comply with regulations banning heavy metals in solder, flame retardants in plastics, and phthalate plasticisers in plastics and wiring harness insulations, under EU RoHS/WEEE Directives and China RoHS legislation.
compile wine lists;Create and update wine lists ensuring it complements the food menu and brand characteristics
operate pyrotechnical control;Take the necessary steps to operate pyrotechnical effects during a performance.
interact verbally in Estonian;Communicate orally in Estonian.
use public space as a creative resource;Adapt the public space for a street arts performance.
integrate content into output media;Compile and integrate media and text content into online and offline systems, such as websites, platforms, applications and social media, for publishing and distribution.
link data between all inland business units;Link data between all divisions and inland business units - such as harbour docking, ship assist and barge shifting - to inland barge transportation, towing, and launch services.
provide security in detention centres;Ensuring security and to some extent intercultural communication in detention centres holding individuals for crimes, illegal immigration or refugees.
monitor merchandise delivery;"Follow up logistical organisation of products; ensure that products have been transported in a correct and timely fashion."
research market prices for antiques;Perform research to stay informed on the market prices of antique items, in order to set correct prices for antique merchandise.
perform gross post mortem examination on animals;Perform gross examination of an animals corpse to diagnose the aetiology and pathophysiology of disease or death of animals and for the safety and quality of animal products entering the food chain.
repair furniture machinery;Repair broken components or systems of machinery and equipment used for making furniture, using hand and power tools.
report touristic facts;Write a report or announce orally about national/regional/local tourism strategies or policies for destination development, marketing and promotion.
keep grant applicant informed;Inform grant applicants such as individuals, charities, community groups or university research departments about the progress of their grant application.
perform minor repairs to equipment;Conduct routine maintenance on equipment. Recognise and identify minor defects in equipment and make repairs if appropriate.
recommend product improvements;Recommend product modifications, new features or accessories to keep customers interested.
prepare specialised meat products;Prepare specialised meat products, minced meat, salt-cured meat, smoked meat, and other meat preparations such as pickled meat, sausages, crumbed meat, veal olive, and chipolata.
initiate contact with buyers;Identify buyers of commodities and establish contact.
compose music;Compose original pieces music such as songs, symphonies or sonatas.
chemical aspects of sugar;Chemical aspects and constitution of sugar to alter recipes and provide customers with experiences of pleasure.
control the opening and closing of train doors;Control the opening and closing of train doors during stops. Ensure and enforce security measures for passengers entering and leaving the train. Ensure that equipment, train doors and controls are functioning properly.
demonstrate intercultural competence;Understand and respect people who are perceived to have different cultural affinities, and respond effectively and respectfully to them.
control taxi schedules;Control the plans and schedules for organising taxi operations in urban areas.
use localisation tools;Employ a variety of translation tools aimed at helping the localisation and adaptation processes for translation works.
Buddhism;The rites, traditions and history of the Buddhism.
comply with factory specifications in engine repair;Ensure that all engine components comply with factory standards and specifications.
deliver Pilates exercises;"Deliver Pilates exercise sessions to individuals or groups; adapt sessions according to individual and collective abilities and needs."
assess seizable goods;Assess the nature, quality and value of assets that can be taken by force, in possession or custody, by lawful authority.
sales department processes;The different processes, duties, jargon, role in an organisation, and other specificities of the sales department within an organisation.
bakery products;The varieties of bread, pastry and other bakery products, their ingredients and manufacturing techniques.
implement cloud security and compliance;Implement and manage security policies and access controls on cloud. Differentiate between the roles and responsibilities within the shared responsibility model.
prepare radiopharmaceuticals;Prepare radiopharmaceuticals for use in patient treatment. Prepare the amounts necessary.
carry out hatchery production processes;Collect naturally spawned fish eggs, eliminate egg adhesiveness, incubate eggs until hatching, hatch and maintain newly born larvae, monitor larvae status, carry out early feeding and rearing techniques of the cultured species.
colour glass;Apply colouring to glass through a range of glass colouring techniques, such as adding colouring ions, striking or applying heat treatment, using coloring inclusions, applying light scattering techniques or colour coatings.
tend laser beam welding machine;Tend a metalworking machine designed to join metal pieces by use of a laser beam exuding a concentrated heat source, monitor and operate it according to regulations.
legal environment in music;Laws and regulations related to music creation, distribution and performance.
reflect on practice;Routinely evaluate own practice, critically evaluating and monitoring the practice methods and outcomes in consistent, coherent and appropriate ways, being aware of relevant methodologies and utilising feedback from managers, supervisors, other professionals, and patients/clients, in order to adapt the practice accordingly.
monitor end-product drying process;Let the end-products to cool and dry during the correct amount of time. If necessary, hasten the drying process using kilns or delay it by allowing water to humidify the products.
provide advice on trademarks;Provide advice to individuals and businesses on how to properly register trademarks and on the use and originality of the trademark.
provide advertisement samples;Show clients a preview of the advertising format and features.
clean engraved areas;Polish and clean engraved etching areas considering the kind of material the area is made of.
arrange permits;Arrange permits for shooting a film on location. Consult with owners and local authorities.
monitor growth rates of cultivated fish species;Monitor and assess growth rates and biomass of cultivated fish species, taking mortalities into account. Calculate and forecast growth rates. Monitor and assess mortalities.
radiological photography;The characteristics and methods applied to X-rays, which are used in medical field to detect diseases or fractures.
inspect animal welfare management;Monitor animal health and welfare management and husbandry, and analyse risk factors in relation to animal health, disease and welfare status.
ingredients for ice cream manufacturing;Ice cream manufacturing ingredients from a blend of dairy products such as cream, condensed milk, butterfat, as well as sugar, flavourings, eggs, legally approved additives, and non-dairy bases such as soy milk, rice milk or coconut milk.
smoke sensors;A variety of devices that detect the optical qualities, air composition or ionisation patterns of smoke, fire and carbon monoxide, usually to prevent fire or illicit smoking. The different advantages, disadvantages, usage cases and price points of each type.
create new recipes;Combine innovative and creative ideas to come up with new recipes and preparations to extend the product of range of a company. Make modifications to recipes in order to enhance taste, reach productivity goals, develop and improve products.
monitor the production of eggs;Measure control of temperature and humidity in incubators and keep records of egg production.
modern brewing systems;The most updated systems and best available techniques in the brewing industry.
manage emergency evacuation plans;Monitor quick and safe emergency evacuation plans.
differentiate nuance of colours;The talent to analyse, mix and match colours. Be able to pass a colour acuity test.
museum databases;The tools and processes involved in working with museum databases.
assist pilot in execution of emergency landing;Assist aircraft pilot during emergency situations and emergency landing procedures.
metalogic;The subdiscipline of logic that studies the languages and systems that humans use to communicate truths. It studies the properties of these logical systems.
develop optical test procedures;Develop testing protocols to enable a variety of analyses of optical systems, products, and components.
prepared meals;The industry of prepared meals and dishes, the manufacuring processes, the technology required for manufacturing, and the market that it targets.
use hair removal techniques;Use techniques and handle tools to remove hair from body parts, such as electrolysis, IPL, waxing, lasering, threading or plucking.
types of pipelines;Know various types of pipelines and their different usages. Differentiate between pipelines used to transport goods over short and long distances, and understand their respective feeding systems.
shift energy demands;Accommodate a temporary shutdown of electric power generation systems by shifting energy demands. The goal is to limit power disruptions for customers while a certain problem is identified and dealt with.
analyse ICT technical proposals;Compare and assess technical requirements of an ICT product, service or solution in terms of quality, costs and compliance to specifications
oil rig legislation;The governmental and environmental rules regarding oil rigs.
advise on legal services;Provide legal advice to clients based on their needs in terms of legal services and the specialisation of the professional or legal firm.
pack soap;Pack finished soap products such as soap flakes or soap bars into boxes
food allergies;The types of food allergies within the sector, which substances trigger allergies, and how they can be replaced or eliminated (if possible).
manage hospitality revenue;Oversee a hospitality revenue by understanding, monitoring, predicting and reacting to consumer behaviour, in order to maximise revenue or profits, maintain budgeted gross profit and minimise expenditures.
manage online content;Ensure the website content is up to date, organised, attractive and meets the target audience needs, the requirements of the company and international standards by checking the links, setting the publishing time framework and order.
evaluate spatial information;Manipulate, organise, and interpret spatial information to better determine the layout and placement of objects within the given space.
set window;Place a window in a prepared position such as a wall or floor, in case of full height glass. Use measurement tools to ascertain that the window is straight and plumb.
preheat kiln car;Preheat the already loaded kiln car by transferring it from drier into the preheating chamber by using a car puller.
manage mineral processing plant;Manage plant and equipment designed to extract products from raw minerals. Monitor the flow of materials through the processing plant.
stamp refractory products;Stamp products with the specified pattern or code prior to curing using handtools.
select sustainable technologies in design;Produce a holistic design, which includes passive measures that are complemented by active technologies in a sensible way.
compile data for navigation publications;"Compile data for navigational publications; gather and process authentic and valid data."
press soap into sheets;Paint liquid soap onto water soluble paper. Dry them and cut them into small pieces. The sheets are supposed to be a light, non-liquid soap solution.
edit recorded sound;Edit audio footage using a variety of sofware, tools, and techniques such as crossfading, speed effects, and removing unwanted noises.
carry out checks of production plant equipment;Carry out checks of the machinery and equipment used in the production plant. Ensure that the machinery is working properly, set machines before usage, and assure continuous operability of the equipment.
provide ICT support;Resolve ICT-related incidents and service requests from customers, clients or colleagues including password resets and updating databases such as Microsoft Exchange email.
handle metal powder;Safely handle the metal powder in an additive manufacturing system. This includes sieving, loading, part de-powdering, measuring, and safe storage. Characterise feedstock according to instructions from engineers.
advise clients on interior design options;"Provide clients with detailed advice on interior design options and possibilities; discuss fittings and furniture, fabrics and colour schemes."
behavioural therapy;The characteristics and foundations of behavioural therapy, which focuses on changing patients` unwanted or negative behaviour. It involves studying the present behaviour and the means by which this can be un-learned.
ensure proper document management;Guarantee that the tracking and recording standards and rules for document management are followed, such as ensuring that changes are identified, that documents remain readable and that obsoleted documents are not used.
analyse seismic risk;Study data acquired from seismometers and other equipment in order to detect seismic risks in specific areas of planned construction.
write an architectural brief;Draft a brief that discusses the requirements of the client. This brief outlines design specifications and instructions as to what is expected of the architect such as costs, technique, aesthetic, social and environmental contexts, and time frame.
age alcoholic beverages in vats;Follow adequate procedures to place certain alcoholic beverages (e.g. wine, spirits, vermouth) in vats and age them for the required period. Use techniques to give them special characteristics.
attach lift motor cables;Install the electric motor which will hoist the lift up and down in the machine room at the top of the shaft. Securely attach the lift hoist and governor cables to the lift car, its pulleys and the installed motor.
enforce customers debt repayment;"monitor customers to pay all debts and amounts due; negotiate return of merchandise."
immunotherapy;The type of therapy used to treat cancer by increasing the bodys immune systems ability to fight it.
military combat techniques;The fighting techniques specific to military operations, using military weapons and equipment, and the regulations concerning military combat actions.
log times of taxis;Log the time and number of each cab as they check in onto the dispatch sheet. Use mathematical and organisational skills to correctly monitor the time of cabs.
manufacturing of door furniture from metal;The manufacture of metal items that can be attached to a door in order to support its function and appearance. The manufacture of padlocks, locks, keys, hinges and the like, and hardware for buildings, furniture, vehicles etc.
meat industry;Meat industry and the suppliers on the market. Global trading and other relevant developments.
follow ethical code of conduct of journalists;Follow the ethical code of conduct of journalists, such as freedom of speech, right of reply, being objective, and other rules.
capacity building;The process of developing and strengthening human and institutional resources, by acquiring and sharing new skills, knowledge or training to strengthen the skills of people and communities. It includes human resources development, organisational development, strengthening of managerial structures and regulatory changes and improvements.
advise on grants application;Inform the receiver of the grant how to apply for grants.
review drafts;Proofread and give feedback to technical drawings or drafts.
work as a team;To recognize the importance of team work, building and maintaining effective working relationships with all colleagues and within the business.
monitor radiation levels;Use measuring and testing equipment and techniques to identify the levels of radiation or radioactive substances in order to control exposure and minimise health, safety, and environmental risks.
maintain silk worm breeding room;Ensure health, safety and hygiene in the room where the cocoons of silk worms are stored.
style sheet languages;The field of computer language that conveys the presentation of structured documents such as Cascading Style Sheets (CSS). These documents have to adhere to style sheets, a set of stylistic rules such as font, color and layout.
keep up with innovations in food manufacturing;Latest innovative products and technologies to process, preserve, package and improve food products.
dairy manufacturing specifications;Specifications, regulations and standards to be followed in the field of dairy manufacturing. Safety of products from raw materials through to packaged state.
work independently;Develop ones own ways of doing things, motivating oneself with little or no supervision, and depending on oneself to get things done.
dispose non-food waste within the food industry;Dispose non-food waste within the food industry applying environmentally accepted procedures to dispose it.
think innovately;Develop ideas or conclusions that lead to the creation and implementation of innovations or changes.
conduct airport security screening;"Monitor passenger flow through the screening checkpoint and facilitate the orderly and efficient processing of passengers; inspect luggage and cargo following screening procedures."
treat medical conditions of elderly people;Provide treatment to elderly patients affected by the diseases that are common in this age group such as Alzheimer`s disease, cancer (ovarian cancer, prostate cancer), dementia, diabetes, epilepsy, heart disease, osteoporosis, Parkinson`s disease, sleep disorders, and stroke.
anthropology;The study of development and behaviour of human beings.
heat metals;"Heat steel and metals in fire; adjust and regulate heat controls to reach appropriate pouring temperature."
manage carriers;Manage carriers and help customers in assessing route, performance, mode, and costs.
design dolls;Create a model of the doll using creativity and computer skills.
belay techniques;Various methods for safely fastening yourself during (rock) climbing activities using equipment such as carabiners, quickdraws, and harnesses.
implement spam protection;Install and configure software that supports email-users to filter messages that contain malware or that are unsolicited.
interact verbally in Berber;Communicate orally in Berber.
plan act lighting;Lay out the lighting of your act. Work together with technicians to make sure the lighting of your act conforms with the artistic vision.
maintain pharmacy records;Maintain the required pharmacy records such as files, charge system files, inventories, control records for radioactive nuclei, and registries of narcotics, poisons, and controlled drugs.
perform safety data analysis;Use different safety databases to perform analyses of information on actual or potential safety threats.
develop media strategy;Create the strategy on the type of content to be delivered to the target groups and which media to be used, taking into account the characteristics of the target audience and the media that will be used for content delivery.
measure call quality;Calculate the total quality of a call including the ability to reproduce a users voice, and the systems ability to limit impairment during conversation.
provide clinical psychological counselling;Provide clinical psychological counselling in relation to health impairments, their conditions and the possibilities for change.
footwear stitching techniques;The technologies, equipment, machines and processes for closing the upper components of footwear by various seams such as closed, lapped, butted, welted, piped and moccasin.
use specific writing techniques;Use writing techniques depending on the type of media, the genre, and the story.
beverages production process;Manufacturing process of different types of beverages, alcoholic, soft drinks and other.
evaluate industrial hygiene;Assess hygiene in industrial environments by evaluating chemical, physical, and biological agents to ensure the health of people working with them.
manage restaurant service;Oversee the entire process of running the restaurant establishment such as managing employees and the mise-en-place.
ensure vehicles are equipped with accessibility equipment;Ensure that the vehicle is equipped with accessibility equipment such as passenger lift, seat belts, restraining harnesses, and wheelchair clamps or webbing straps.
handle game complaints;Resolve complaints regarding gaming operations.
nutritional adequacy of food intake;The daily nutrient recommendations of food intake for dietary planning and how nutrients play an important part in promoting health and optimal functioning.
biotechnology in aquaculture;Biotechnology and polymerase chain reactions for studies in sustainable aquaculture production methods.
specialised astrology software;The software that is used to gather and interpret data on the relevant positioning of celestial objects in order to deduct their influence on human life.
design medical supportive devices;Compose, create and evaluate orthopaedic and prosthetic devices after consulting with physicians, examining and measuring the patient in order to determine the size of the artificial limb.
types of bath tubs;Different types of bath tubs, including sitting baths, baths that open to the side to accommodate people with difficulties entering and exiting regular baths, and whirlpool baths. The aesthetic and functional aspects of each type and their price points.
insert reinforcement in mould;Insert chaplets and other kinds of reinforcing steel structures to a mould in order to fix different parts.
apply technical communication skills;Explain technical details to non-technical customers, stakeholders, or any other interested parties in a clear and concise manner.
create underwriting guidelines;Create guidelines for the assessment of risks and determining whether acceptance of liability and granting payments is worth the risk for the organisation. Develop improved methods of analysis which ensure that all aspects of the underwriting process are examined.
tend automatic sewing machines;Operate machines that stitch folded and glued bottoms of multiwall paper bags to provide additional strength.
lautering process;Process of lautering, where the mash is separated into clear, liquid wort and residual grain. Lautering usually takes three steps: mashout, recirculation and sparging.
install operating system;Install the operating system (OS) or software that manages the software resources and computer hardware on a computer system. The operating system is an essential component of any computer system and mediates between the hardware, the application programs, and the end user. Famous examples of computer operating systems include Microsoft Windows, Linux, and Mac OS.
run test pressings;Run a series of test pressings, testing both the stamper and the moulded disc before initiating the production process.
repair ventilation equipment;Inspect the ventilation system to detect damage, clean out the air vents, replace heating filters and schedule further maintenance or repairs.
prescribe advanced nursing care;Prescribe evidence-based therapeutic interventions and medication, actively monitoring the effectiveness of patients treatments.
make legislative decisions;Decide independently or in collaboration with other legislators on the acceptance or rejection of new items of legislation, or changes in the existing legislation.
civil law;The legal rules and their applications used in disputes between different parties. 
prepare flight reports;Prepare reports showing flight departure and arrival locations, passenger ticket numbers, food and drink inventories, condition of cabin equipment, and potential problems encountered by passengers.
perform follow-up on pipeline route services;Perform follow-up activities related to the plan, the distribution schedule, and the service yielded by the pipeline infrastructure. Ensure that pipeline route assignments are accomplished and meet customer agreements.
animal biology;The structure, evolution and classification of animals and how they interact with their ecosystems.
advise on strategies for special needs students;Recommend teaching methods and physical classroom alterations that educational staff can implement to  facilitate transition for students with special needs.
operate foil printing machine;Attach a block or metal letters and slide the plate holder into the heater section, after which the machine is fed and attached with a specific foil colour, from which the amount can be adjusted. Switch the machine on and set the required temperature.
interact verbally in Urdu;Communicate orally in Urdu.
use aquaculture heavy equipment;Perform manual operations such as manually lift, transfer position and set down a load. Operate lifting gear such as winch, sea crane, telescopic loader, and forklift.
operate dairy farms;Operate farms for the long-term production of milk and other dairy products, such as butter, cheese, yogurt, and other common household staples, which will be used for human consumption.
monitor loan portfolio;Control the ongoing credit commitments in order to detect anomalies related to the schedules, refinancing, approval limits etc., and to identify improper disbursements.
types of boxes;The field of information which distinguishes different kinds of boxes, based upon sets of flaps and telescope box sections. Fabricate the Regular Slotted Container (RSC, and other slotted ones) the most common box style, where the flaps are all of the same length, and major flaps meet in the middle while minor flaps dont.
clinical disciplines in dentistry;The clinical disciplines and methods, providing the coherent picture of anomalies, lesions and diseases of the teeth, mouth, jaws and associated tissues and of preventive, diagnostic and therapeutic dentistry.
operate pulp moulding machine;Shape paperboard flats by using formation moulds, which vacuum pulp and windsoft the excess material. Transfer the materials to a conveyor belt. Apply waterproof lubricants so the flats wont stick to the mould and put the flats in an oven, after which the rigid material is stacked and made ready to be packaged.
advise on government policy compliance;Advise organisations on how they may improve their compliance to the applicable government policies they are required to adhere to, and the necessary steps which need to be taken in order to ensure complete compliance.
organise project meetings;Organise project meetings such as the project kick-off meeting and the project review meeting. Plan the meeting agenda, set up conference calls, address any logistical needs and prepare documentation or hand-outs needed for the meeting. Ensure the participation of the project team, the project client and other relevant stakeholders. Draft and circulate the meeting minutes.
use geographic memory;Use your memory of geographic surroundings and detail in navigation.
promote facilities management services;Assess the market trends and organisations needs in order to proactively communicate and advertise your facilities management services to future clients.
educate the public about wildlife;Speak with groups of adults and children to teach them how to enjoy the forest without harming it or themselves. Speak in schools or with specific youth groups if called upon. Develop and teach programs related to nature conservation.
operate fibreglass spray gun;Operate a gun which cuts the incoming fiberglass strands to the desired lenghts, propels the pieces into the catalyzed resin when it comes out of the gun, and sprays the substance onto products to be laminated.
pre-grind nibs of cocoa;Pre-grind cocoa nibs to a paste-like consistency.
plan the web forming techniques for non-woven;Plan, conduct, coordinate and monitor the non-woven web forming process and assure that is carried out in a consistent manner and in accordance with specifications.
perform hydrodynamics calculations;Perform calculations and gather technical data in order to determine the behaviour of liquids in motion. The solution to a hydrodynamic problem typically involves the calculation of various properties of the liquid, such as flow velocity, pressure, density, and temperature, as functions of space and time.
psychopathology;The criteria of psychiatric diagnoses, the use of the disease classification system, and the theories of psychopathology. The indicators of functional and organic disorders and the types of psychopharmacological medications.
maintain inventory of rented items;Compose and keep up-to-date inventory of the items rented to customers.
lighting techniques;"The characteristics of techniques used to create atmospheres and effects on camera or on stage; the equipment required and appropriate setup to use."
MATLAB;The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in MATLAB.
assess quality characteristics of food products;Assess quality characteristics of food products in terms of the main properties (e.g. physical, sensorial, chemical, technological, etc.) for raw materials, half-finished products, as well as finish products.
maintain props;Check, maintain and repair props.
license photo usage;License the use of images through stock photo agencies.
apply adhesive wall coating;Apply an adhesive coating, usually based on PVA, to a wall to ensure a good bond between the wall and a covering layer, such as plaster.
carry out humane harvesting practices;Harvest and slaughter fish at sea or fish farms in a human way for human consumption.
urban pollution implications;Collection of pollutants created by cities and its effects on air, water and ground the entire environment.    
write scientific publications;Present the hypothesis, findings, and conclusions of your scientific research in your field of expertise in a professional publication.
use declaiming techniques;Speak for an audience with the expression of rhythm and vocal technique. Take care that articulation and voice projection are appropriate to the character or text. Make sure that you are heard without compromising your health: prevent fatigue and vocal strain, breathing problems and vocal cord problems.
create wood joints;Use the proper tools and processes to create the joints where multiple pieces of wood fit together.
electromagnets;Magnets in which magnetic fields are produced by electric current. By manipulating the electric current, the magnetic fields can be changed and manipulated as well, which allows more control than permanent non-electric magnets. Electromagnets are commonly used in electrical devices, such as loudspeakers, hard disks, MRI devices, and electric motors.
coat food products;Cover the surface of the food product with a coating: a preparation based on sugar, chocolate, or any other product.
teach circus acts;Share knowledge and abilities with other performers teaching them important circus skills.
install electric switches;Prepare wires for installation in a switch. Wire the switch. Install it securely in the right location.
operate lifting equipment;Transport heavy objects using lifting equipment such as cranes, forklifts etc.
negotiate with social service stakeholders;Negotiate with government institutions, other social workers, family and caregivers, employers, landlords, or landladies to obtain the most suitable result for your client.
deliver visual presentation of data;Create visual representations of data such as charts or diagrams for easier understanding.
create set models;Create three-dimensional models of the envisioned set layout.
weld underwater;Use underwater arc welding equipment to make welds beneath the water surface. Protect yourself from electric shocks by shielding the weld from the water.
consult with stakeholders on implementation of a production;Consult with different people and groups who hold a stake in the production. Be on the same page on the practical side of the production, and keep them up to date.
create working methodology;Create a system of methods used in a particular area of activity or study.
use chemical analysis equipment;Use the laboratory equipment such as Atomic Absorption equimpent, PH and conductivity meters or salt spray chambre.
psychoacoustics;The characteristics of sound perception from music or speech and their psychological effects on the individual`s hearing.
international import export regulations;Know the principles that govern the import and export of products and equipment, trade restrictions, health and safety measures, licenses, etc.
rig 3D characters;Set up a skeleton, bound to the 3D mesh, made out of bones and joints that allow the 3D character to be bent into a desired position using specialized ICT tools.
applied kinesiology;An alternative medicine method and chiropractic method using muscle tests to indicate muscle strengths and weaknesses in order to diagnose illness and prescribe treatment to an individual.
demonstrate awareness of health risks;Be able to judge and manage risks to personal health, for example by following safety precautions in work practices, applying fire protection measures, respecting and applying ergonomics and taking account of the effects of drugs and alcohol on individuals, families and communities.
perform damascening;Perform the art of inserting contrasting materials, such as different types of metal, into one another in order to create detailed patterns.
define geographic sales areas;Determine the different areas and reach that the company has in terms of sales, in order to segment and divide those areas geographically for a better approach.
organisational structure;Framework of the different departments within the organisation, as well its people, their roles and responsibilities.
add scent;Melt the wax, choose the appropriate amount of fragrance and mix it when the wax reaches the right temperature.
safely detonate explosives;Follow procedures in safely detonating explosives for mining purposes.
use food cutting tools;Trim, peel and slice products with knives, paring or food cutting tools or equipment according to guidelines.
check vehicles for sale;Ensure that vehicles put up for sale are thoroughly checked for technical or minor cosmetic defects.
identify skills gaps;Search and spot possible skills gaps of individuals by using skills assessment tests and tools. Suggest an action plan.
parts of metal rolling mill;The process involved in the construction of a rolling mill and various types of rolls used in the metalworking process of rolling, such as work rolls, backup rolls, roll changing devices, roll cooling and lubrication systems, pinions, rolling balance system, and others.
write batch record documentation;Write reports on the manufactured batches history taking into account the raw data, tests performed and compliance to Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) of each batch of product.
prosthetic-orthotic examination;The examination, interview and measurement of patients to determine the prosthetic-orthotic device to be made, including their kind and size.
understand spoken Berber;Comprehend orally expressed Berber.
sustainable development goals;The list of 17 global goals set by the United Nations General Assembly and designed as a strategy to achieve a better and more sustainable future for all.
investigate customer complaints of food products;Investigate customer complaints in order to determine the non-satisfactory elements in food products that lead to complaints from customers.
interact verbally in Dutch;Communicate orally in Dutch.
monitor temperature in farinaceous processes;Monitor and control the temperature in the different phases of farinaceous processes such as fermentation, proofing, and baking. Adhere to specifications or recipes.
organise retail sampling events;organise sampling and demonstration activities in order to promote a product
provide safeguarding to individuals;Help vulnerable individuals assess risks and make informed choices by proving information on indicators of abuse, measures to avoid abuse and steps to take in the case of suspected abuse.
operate a ceramics kiln;Manage the temperature of a kiln to achieve the expected results according to the type of clay such as biscuit stoneware or porcelain. Manage sintering and enamels colours.
ICT architectural frameworks;The set of requirements that describe an information systems architecture.
present exhibition;Present an exhibition and give educational lectures in a comprehensible way that is attractive to the public.
lacquer paint applications;Have knowledge of the characteristics and applications of lacquer paint and primers, such as the level of sheerness, the varying results of a lacquer treatment on different materials, and others.
select music;Suggest or select music to play back for entertainment, exercise, or other purposes.
clean painting equipment;Disassemble, clean, and reassemble paint sprayers and other vehicle painting equipment.
determine skin type;Determine what type of skin a person has in order to use the right make-up for that particular skin type.
synthetic resins;The types and characteristics of synthetic resins which are viscous liquids used for permanently hardening.
desktop publishing;The creation of documents using page layout skills on a computer. Desktop publishing software can generate layouts and produce typographic quality text and images.
CAD for footwear;The architecture and functionality of 2D and 3D computer assisted design software systems for footwear.
consult with design team;Discuss the project and design concepts with the design team, finalise proposals and present these to stakeholders.
set up stage lights;Set up and test stage lighting systems and technology, according to their specificity.
build props;Build props from a variety of materials, working with the design staff to create the appropriate prop for the production.
operate games;"Acknowledge and greet all customers to the gaming tables, be fully conversant with the rules and company procedures of all games within the casino; give clear and confident commentary throughout all games and maintain the required level of table security, ensuring that any problems are brought to the attention of the table inspector; control games by pacing them accordingly with regard to ‘chip’ volume and customer and business needs; demonstrate awareness of customers and their mode of play, responding to their requests where appropriate; explain fully the rules of games to customers, recognising when customers require help and provide assistance in a positive manner."
verify engraving accuracy;Examine design results to verify engraving accuracy, rework engraving where needed.
tend computer numerical control lathe machine;Tend a computer numerical controlled (CNC) lathe and turn machine designed for cutting manufacturing processes on metal, wooden, plastic materials and others, monitor and operate it, according to regulations.
prepare subgrade for road pavement;Make sure the surface underneath the road is ready to be paved. Ensure that it is flat, stable and able to resist the mechanical stresses of road traffic.
industrial heating systems;Heating systems fuelled by gas, wood, oil, biomass, solar power, and other reneable energy sources and their energy saving principles, applicable specifically to industrial buildings and facilities.
transport horses;"Transport horses using safely special vehicles for horse transportation; lead horses to vehicles taking into account the safety of people and horses."
prevent paper jams;Overlook the insertion and output of finished products in order to prevent paper jams.
agroecology;The study and application of ecological and agronomic concepts and principles to agricultural production systems.
implement front-end website design;Develop website layout and enhance user experience based on provided design concepts.
types of chain;Types of chain, such as industrial chain, novelty chain and jewellery chain.
trade securities;Buy or sell tradable financial products such as equity and debt securities on your own account or on behalf of a private customer, corporate customer or credit institution.
application usability;The process through which the learnability, efficiency, usefulness and ease of use of a software application can be defined and measured.
protect the environment from the impact of the digital technologies;Be aware of the environmental impact of digital technologies and their use.
port regulation;Know port standards and legal regulations, based primarily on municipal laws, port laws or the Maritime Code.
stop speeding vehicles;Stop people who drive to fast or ignore traffic signs to make them aware of traffic laws.
teach electricity principles;Instruct students in the theory and practice of electricity, with the aim of assisting them in pursuing a future career in this field, more specifically in maintenance and repair of electrical systems.
types of spring;Types of metal springs such as leaf, coil, torsion, clock, tension and extension spring.
operate wine pumps;Connect pumps between wine tanks and turn valves to pump wine from one tank to the other. Pump the wine from fermenting and fortifying tanks to cooling tanks, then on to clarifying tanks when cooled, and add appropriate chemicals to wine. Pump the clarified wines through filtering tanks and a pasteuriser. Pump the pasteurised wine through another filtering device to collect sediment and precipitates. Finally, transfer the finished wine into tanks in the bottling room.
develop energy policy;Develop and maintain an organisations strategy regarding its energy performance.
maneuver stone blocks;Place blocks of stone in the correct position of the machine bed using electric hoist, wooden blocks and wedges.
apply standard feeding and nutrition protocols;Make up feed on-site. Feed animals by hand or with feeding machines according to agreed protocols. Monitor animal feeding behaviour.
operate gas turbines;Operate equipment which uses thermal energy to produce electricity by injecting gas into pressurised air and igniting it to generate a high-temperature flow that will set the turbine in motion. Ensure that the turbine is balanced, and operates according to safety regulations and legislation, by monitoring the equipment during operations.
provide information on education financing;Provide information to parents and students concerning tuition fees, student loans and financial support services.
execute feasibility study on hydrogen;Perform the evaluation and assessment of the use of hydrogen as an alternative fuel. Compare costs, technologies and available sources to produce, transport and store hydrogen. Take into account the environmental impact to support the process of decision making.
analyse shipping rates;Access information about shipping rates and compare the information across providers. Use this information to prepare bids for clients.
repair industrial equipment;Repair industrial machinery and equipment and replace defective components, parts and systems when necessary, using hand and power tools.
electromagnetic spectrum;The different electromagnetic wavelenghts or frequencies that are situated on the electromagnetic spectrum. Wavelenghts are divided in several categories according to their wavelength and energy level, starting from radio wavelenghts with a long wavelength and a low energy level, to microwaves, infrared, visible light, ultraviolet, X-rays, and finally Gamma-rays with a short wavelength and a high energy level.
consult credit score;Analyse the credit files of an individual, such as credit reports which outlines a persons credit history, in order to assess their creditworthiness and all the risks that would be involved in granting a person a loan.
inspect fish stock;Collect and examine fish to evaluate the health of fish stock.
produce violin components;Choose the appropriate tonewood, materials and tools, and build the different parts of an instrument of the violin family such as the lower, upper and C bouts, the fringerboard, the bridge, the scroll, the strings and the pegbox.
watches and jewellery products;The offered watches and jewellery products, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
develop recreation programmes;Develop plans and policies which aim to provide the desired recreation activities to a target group or in a community.
results-based management;The management strategy typically used by international governmental bodies (such as United Nations) and civil society organisations to monitor and measure the performance and achievement of results of a project or policy. It focuses on results defined as outputs, outcomes and impact which help organisations to achieve strategic goals.
operate distillation equipment;Operate control panels and other distillation equipment, in order to monitor and adjust product flow, pressure, temperature, etc.
alkali stages of refining processes for edible oils;Stages of the alkali refining process for edible oils which include heating, conditioning, neutralising, re-refining, washing of oils.
develop jewellery designs;Develop new jewellery designs and products, and modify existing designs.
support discharge from physiotherapy;Support discharge from physiotherapy by assisting in the transition across the health care continuum, whilst ensuring that the agreed needs of the client are met appropriately and as directed by the physiotherapist.
pathogenic microorganisms in food;The identification and characteristics of pathogenic micro-organisms in food and the adequate prevention methods to inhibit its reproduction in food materials.
encourage counselled clients to examine themselves;Support and encourage the clients to analyse and be aware of some aspects in their life that may have been distressing or impossible to tackle so far.
study groundwater;Prepare and conduct field studies in order to determine groundwater quality. Analyse and interpret maps, models and geographical data. Compose a picture of area groundwater and land contamination. File reports on issues with landfill groundwater, e.g. area pollution caused by coal combustion products.
design electromechanical systems;Draft sketches and design electromechanical systems, products, and components using Computer Aided Design (CAD) software and equipment.
policy analysis;Understanding of the basic tenets of policymaking in a specific sector, its implementation processes and its consequences.
report analysis results;Produce research documents or give presentations to report the results of a conducted research and analysis project, indicating the analysis procedures and methods which led to the results, as well as potential interpretations of the results.
use body modification techniques;Use techniques to change the shape of or create patterns in the human skin, such as cutting, branding, manipulating, stretching or scarring, by use of scalpels, heat and restraining techniques.
spot valuable items;Quickly spot valuable items and identify restoration possibilities
adjust priorities;Adjust priorities quickly in response to frequently changing circumstances. Continually assess tasks and respond to those requiring extra attention. Foresee and seek to avoid crisis management.
interact verbally in Telugu;Communicate orally in Telugu.
homeopathy remedies;The characteristics, components and effects of homeopathic medication.
give live presentation;Deliver a speech or talk in which a new product, service, idea, or piece of work is demonstrated and explained to an audience.
lay concrete slabs;Lay concrete slabs, used as road covering, on a prepared surface. Guide a crane operator to position the slab in the right place and manually set it correctly, often using tongue and groove joints.
ensure contract termination and follow-up;Guarantee compliance with all contractual and legal requirements and correctly schedule contract extensions or renewals.
transport fish;Capture, load, transport, unload and stock live and harvested fish, molluscs, crustaceans from farm to client. Maintain water quality during transport to reduce stress.
fossil fuels;The types of fuels which contain high doses of carbon and include gas, coal, and petroleum, and the processes by which they are formed, such as the anaerobic decomposition of organisms, as well as the ways in which they are used to generate energy.
collaborate on international energy projects;Provide expertise with regard to energy saving and energy efficiency for the realisation of international projects, including projects in the field of development cooperation.
secure crane;Assemble and fix the crane and its elements so that they will Not move, fall or cause damage under extreme weather conditions. Take the soil composition and stability into account.
monitor film development baths;Place the photographic film in chemical baths with e.g. citric acid and ammonium thiosulfate, monitor temperature and treatment time.
manage claims process;Manage the relation with an insurer related to its obligation to receive, investigate and act on a claim filed by an insured.
organise facilities for office personnel;Manage the booking schedule for conferences and meetings of internal or external nature. Shop around and book reservations for travelling or hosting for office personnel.
install recycling containers;Take care of the installation of containers for recyclable waste, such as cardboard paper, glass bottles and clothing, in the appropriate places.
amusement park emergency procedures;Stay informed about shutdown and emergency evacuation procedures for amusement parks.
position base plates;Position the base plates, the metal footing components that support the scaffolding structure. Set them accurately and level as even small errors may cause instability. Compensate for fluctuations in the terrain using the screwjack of each base plate. Screw or nail the base plates into the sole plates if called for.
provide secured transportation;Manage secured transportation of cash or other valuable cargo, like securities, jewellery or important individuals.
manage project metrics;Gather, report, analyse and create key metrics for a project to help measure its success.
keep records of bid history;Keep records of all the bids made during or after an auction.
clean moulds;Clean the mould using water, grease or oil, washing and scraping them by hand.
palliative care;The methods of pain relief and quality of life improvement for the patients with serious illnesses.
relationship between buildings, people and the environment;Understand the relationships and the interactions between people, buildings, and the environment in order to adapt architectural works to the human needs.
arrange in-home services for patients;Ensure that the medical discharge of a patient coincides with the arrangement of complementary medical services needed at home.
perform cost accounting activities;Execute the cost related activities and operations within the accounting activities such as standard cost development, average pricing analysis, margin and cost ratio analysis, inventory control, and variance analysis. Report the results to management and advise on possible courses of action to control and reduce the costs.
manage maintenance operations;Oversee maintenance activities, making sure that staff is following procedures and ensuring routine and periodic refurbishment and maintenance activities.
perfume raw materials;The materials whose essence is extracted to manufacture perfumes. Raw materials for the manufacturing of perfumes such as flowers, spices, fruits, and wood.
liaise with engineers;Collaborate with engineers to ensure common understanding and discuss product design, development and improvement.
textile trends;Latest developments in textile fabrics and textile methods.
Serbian;The Serbian language.
analyse customer service surveys;"Analyse results from surveys completed by passengers/customer; analyse results to identify trends and draw conclusions."
quality standards applicable to aquaculture products;Quality schemes, label rouge, ISO systems, HACCP procedures, bio/organic status, traceability labels.
unstructured data;The information that is not arranged in a pre-defined manner or does not have a pre-defined data model and is difficult to understand and find patterns in without using techniques such as data mining.
CA Datacom/DB;The computer program CA Datacom/DB is a tool for creating, updating and managing databases, currently developed by the software company CA Technologies.
sell office equipment;Sell office equipment such as modems, computer hardware or printers. Provide advice on purchase decisions and try to meet customers wishes. Process payments.
write Belarusian;Compose written texts in Belarusian.
record production data;Keep a record of data such as name, colour and quantity of the produced goods.
grow plants;Carry out plant growing activities. Carry out grow control considering the required terms and conditions for specific plant type.
livestock species;Livestock species and relevant genetics.
create insurance policies;Write a contract that includes all the necessary data, such as the insured product, the payment to be made, how often the payment is needed, the personal details of the insured and on what conditions the insurance is valid or invalid.
maintain footwear assembling equipment;Produce plans for the frequency, operations, components and materials to be used in the maintenance of footwear. Install, program, tune and provide preventive and corrective maintenance for different machines and equipment involved in the footwear manufacturing. Assess the functionality and performance of the various equipment and machines, detect faults and correct problems, make repairs and substitute components and pieces, and perform routine lubrication as well as perform preventive and corrective maintenance. Register all technical information related to the maintenance.
carry out meteorological research;Participate in research activities on weather-related conditions and phenomena. Study the physical and chemical characteristics and processes of the atmosphere.
develop public relations strategies;Plan, coordinate and implement all the efforts required in a public relations strategy such as defining the targets, preparing communications, contacting partners, and spreading information among stakeholders.
Order products;Order products for customers according to their specifications and provisions.
maintain bar cleanliness;Keep cleanliness in all the bar areas including counters, sinks, glasses, shelves, floors and storage areas.
produce different surface finishes;Create special surface textures on stone using specific tools and techniques such as blasting, grinding, etching, polishing, bush-hammering or flaming. Take the characteristics of the stone into account to choose the technique.
contribute to the choreographers process of reflection;Help choreographers develop their reflection. Suggest readings. Refer to the work of visual artists, filmmakers, performing artists, composers and sound designers, and suggest potential resource persons.
think creatively;Generate new ideas or combine existing ones to develop innovative, novel solutions.
promote mental health;Promote factors that enhance emotional well-being such as self-acceptance, personal growth, purpose in life, control of one`s environment, spirituality, self-direction and positive relationships.
use safety equipment in construction;Use elements of protective clothing such as steel-tipped shoes, and gear such as protective goggles, in order to minimise risk of accidents in construction and to mitigate any injury if an accident does occur.
conduct research before survey;Acquire information about property and its boundaries before the survey by searching legal records, survey records, and land titles.
furniture industry;Companies and activities involved in the design, manufacture, distribution and sale of functional and decorative objects of household equipment.
airport safety regulations;Know airport safety regulations and instructions.
develop working procedures;Create standardised series of actions of a certain order to support the organisation.
estimate damage;Estimate damage in case of accidents or natural disasters.
report on social development;Report results and conclusions on societys social development in an intelligible way, presenting these orally and in written form to a range of audiences from non-experts to experts.
interact with healthcare users;Communicate with clients and their carer’s, with the patient’s permission, to keep them informed about the clients’ and patients’ progress and safeguarding confidentiality.
biogas energy production;Energy production for heating and potable hot water making use of biogas (the biogas is generated off-site), and its contribution to energy performance.
develop strong attitudes in sports;Identify and understand the emotional demands, the necessary attitudes and mental skills and work with supporting team (including for example coaches, physiotherapist, nutritionist, psychologist) to implement an adapted programme to achieve the targeted highest level performance.
compare insurance products;Compare the offers of several insurance companies in order to find the product which will best suit the clients needs and expectations.
develop procedures in case of defects;Determine the steps and corrective actions to be taken in case of quality flaws such as the introduction of new quality management systems or the replacement of machinery.
wash the dishes;Wash plates, glasses, silverware and cooking gear used for a meal, by hand or by use of a dish washer. Put everything back in its place afterwards.
manage time in forestry;Plan and implement the time sequence of work programmes and schedules regarding the execution of forestry activities.
work in professional sport environment;Work within the context of professional clubs and teams and interact with their management
manage sporting career;Consider all career routes and identify short, medium and long term goals for the career. Review and update the career plan.
breed cattle;Prepare a suitable environment for cattle breeding. Select and prepare the appropriate habitats for specific kinds of cattle. Monitor the cattles growth and health and ensure correct feeding. Determinate when the cattle are ready for consumption, trade or other purposes
support witnesses;Support witnesses before, during, and after a court hearing to ensure their sense of security, that they are prepared mentally for the trial, and to aid them in the preparation of their stories or for the lawyers line of questioning.
conduct chiropractic examination;Undertake chiropractic assessment, collecting data by physical examinations and evaluating anatomic findings through the use of observation, palpation, percussion, auscultation and information derived from other relevant sources.
operate slitting machinery;Operate a machine to convert sheets of paper, metal or other materials into strips of specified witdhs.
establish communication with foreign cultures;Strive to understand the cultural codes of the society where the company operates and to establish a solid communication and mutual understanding with its members.
footwear manufacturing technology;Footwear processes technology and machinery involved. The footwear manufacturing starts in the cutting/clicking room , cutting the uppers and bottom components. The upper components are joined together in the closing room by following a precise order of specific operations: skiving, folding, sewing etc. The closed upper, the insole and other bottom components are brought together in the assembling room, where the main operations are lasting and soling. The process ends with finishing operations in the finishing and packing room.
follow dentists instructions;Work directly with dentists by following their detailed instuctions.
promote communication between parties;Encourage parties to communicate among them and share their views on events and happenings in order to find cooperation paths.
legal department processes;The different processes, duties, jargon, role in an organisation, and other specificities of the legal department within an organisation such as patents, legal cases, and legal compliance.
prepare animals for anaesthesia;Prepare animals for anaesthesia, including performing pre-anaesthetic checks and procedures and reporting findings.
provide investment advice;Provide clients with investment advice regarding to market recommendations. This type of advice is based on trade reports.
provide technical expertise;Provide expert knowledge in a particular field, especially concerning mechanical or scientific subjects, to decision makers, engineers, technical staff or journalists.
defense system;The various weapons and weapon systems used to protect citizens and to harm or shield incoming enemies and enemy weapons.
distinguish various types of ships;"Recognise and name various types of vessels common in European maritime transport; understand the different characteristics, construction details, and tonnage capacities of different vessels."
compile railway signalling reports;"Compile reports in the field of railway signalling; reports may include information on section of track inspected, repairs executed or tests performed, and the pieces of equipment that require repair or replacement."
handle broodstock;Handle wild and cultured broodstock. Quarantine wild and cultured broodstock. Select individuals for culture and/or fattening.
understand written Estonian;Read and comprehend written texts in Estonian.
communicate in foreign languages with health service providers;Apply foreign languages in communicating with health service providers such as doctors and nurses.
coaching techniques;Specific foundational techniques used to coach people on a professional or personal level such as open-ended questioning, building trust, accountability, etc.
cut raw footage digitally;Digitally cut video footage to put together the sequence of the film and decide what is usable.
operate radar equipment;"Operate radar screens and other radar equipment; ensure that aircraft fly at a safe distance from one another."
ensure adherence to aerodrome procedures;Ensure that aerodrome procedures are conducted in accordance with all requirements.
work with composers;Communicate with composers to discuss various interpretations of their work.
manage timber stocks;Inspect the stock to find out how much is left. Identify any damaged, faulty, or out of date items and move them to the appropriate location. Follow stock rotation methods to ensure stock is used effectively. Handle goods using safe and approved handling methods.
teach fire fighting principles;Instruct students in the theory and practice of fire fighting, more specifically in courses such as rescue operations, principles of building construction, and flammable liquids and gas fire fighting, with the aim of assisting them in pursuing a future career in this field.
flue-cure tobacco;String tobacco leaves into tobacco sticks, and hang them from tier-poles in curing barns kilns. Slowly raise the temperature over the course of the curing process. The procedure will generally take about a week. Flue-cured tobacco generally produces with a high content of sugar and medium to high levels of nicotine.
supervise craft production;Fabricate/prepare patterns or templates to guide the crafting production process.
human resources department processes;The different processes, duties, jargon, role in an organisation, and other specificities of the human resources department within an organisation such as recruitment, pension systems, and personnel development programs.
gather reference materials;Gathering reference materials such as drawings, illustrations and sketches, in the process of creating a painting or sculpture.
audit food safety procedures;Audit the food safety procedures applied by a certain establishment based on Hazard Analysis Critical Control Points (HACCP).
read stowage plans;Read and comprehend content of stowage plans to stow various types of cargo.
prepare printing form;Prepare and inspect plates that are used in printing process to transfer ink on the desired surface and place them in the machines, for example fixing them around printing rollers.
teach dance;Instruct students in the theory and practice of dance, recreationally or with the aim of assisting them in pursuing a future career in this field. Deliver correcting instructions that support difference and pay attention to ethical codes of conduct around touch, personal space, and appropriate pedagogic methods as a tool to foster participants.
teach principles of social work;Instruct students in the theory and practice of social work including social work knowledge, skills, and values to prepare them in engaging in culturally competent social work with diverse populations and communities.
attend music recording sessions;Attend recording sessions in order to make changes or adaptations to the musical score.
operate explosives production equipment;Operate equipment used for mixing of chemical ingredients having as their end product explosives such as TNT, tetryl or nitroglycerin.
types of chocolate;Types of chocolate such as milk chocolate, white chocolate, dark chocolate, unsweetened chocolate and raw chocolate.
send faulty equipment back to assembly line;Send equipment that didnt pass inspection back to the assembly line for re-assembly.
use agronomic modelling;Build and apply physical and mathematical formulae in order to study farmers fertilisation, manage irrigation scheduling, define breeding targets, support cultivation choices in a given environment and evaluate the environmental performance of crop productions.
computerised feeding systems;The functioning of computered controlled systems that provide animal feeding.
consult exhibition organisers;Liaise with exhibition organisers to discuss themes, ideas and products.
package fish;Package fish in specified containers and compartments after preparing and trimming the fish. Prepare the fish to be shipped, and further treated in the supply chain.
write Marathi;Compose written texts in Marathi.
plan schedule;Develop the schedule including procedures, appointments and working hours.
advise on online dating;Help clients to create an online profile on social media or dating sites, that represents a positive yet truthful image of them. Advise them on how to send messages and make connections.
advise customers on sewing patterns;Suggest to customers the appropriate sewing patterns, in accordance to what they wish to manufacture: crafts, curtains, clothes, etc.
Salt (tools for software configuration management);The tool Salt is a software program to perform configuration identification, control, status accounting and audit.
ensure cleanliness of food preparation area;Guarantee the continuous cleanliness of kitchen preparation, production and storage areas according to hygiene, safety and health regulations.
use furniture dust removing tools;Use tools such as feather duster or treated cloths to remove dust from furniture surfaces.
apply for government funding;Gather information on and apply for subsidies, grants, and other financing programmes provided by the government to small- and large-scale projects or organisations in various fields.
oversee operational safety on trains;Oversee all operations in a defined area, as part of a team that manages operational safety and train services for a specific geographical location.
maintain customer records;Keep and store structured data and records about customers in accordance with customer data protection and privacy regulations.
administer chemicals for beverage clarification;Add chemical coagulants to a beverage and alcoholic drinks to destabilise colloids and other particles causing them to aggregate.
hotel operations;The field of hotel operations, especially those involving front office, housekeeping and basic accounting procedures.
maintain router machinery;Maintain machinery and equipment for cutting various hard materials, to ensure that it is clean and in safe, working order. Perform routine maintenance on equipment and adjust when necessary, using hand and power tools.
remove contaminants;Use chemicals and solvents to remove contaminants from products or surfaces.
hair;Human hair, its composition and interaction with various chemicals, environment factors and health issues.
measure water depth;Measure the depths of a body of water by using depth measuring equipment such as a depth gauge.
guide placement of anchors;Assist the responsible person in the positioning of box anchors and shore anchors.
hazardous freight regulations;Know the most widely applied regulatory schemes for the transportation of dangerous materials. Know specific regulatory frameworks such as IATA Dangerous Goods Regulations (DGR) for air transport, or International Maritime Dangerous Goods Code (IMDG Code) for transportation of hazardous materials by sea.
maintain computer hardware;Diagnose and detect malfunctions in computer hardware components and systems and remove, replace, or repair these components when necessary. Execute preventative equipment maintenance tasks, such as storing hardware components in clean, dust free, and non-humid spaces.
prepare patients for surgery;Assign patients to the best treatment area for their condition, according to priority for surgery.
adhere to traffic regulations on inland waterways;Understand and apply traffic rules in inland waterway navigation in order to ensure safety and avoid collisions.
process incoming electrical supplies;Receive incoming electrical supplies, handle the transaction and enter the supplies into any internal administration system.
cold winding;The coiling process of cold winding by winding wire at room temperature around a mandrel, in order to create metal springs.
determine production feasibility;Determine if a product or its components can be produced by applying engineering principles.
organise relapse prevention;Help the patient or client identify and anticipate high risk situations or external and internal triggers. Support them in developing better coping strategies and back-up plans in case of future difficulties.
use photographic equipment;Use analogue or digital camera equipment, along with a variety of accessories such as tripods, filters and lenses.
public auction procedures;The regulations involved in the repossession and consequent selling of goods in public auctions in order to obtain the amount owed by an individual as ruled by a court of law.
prepare for small craft operation;Prepare for personnel operation of small craft, both with licence and without licence.
polish silverware;Rub the surface of silver or silver coated dishes, containers and cutlery to make it smooth and shiny.
assess fermentation levels of tobacco leaves;Assess fermentation stage of tobacco leaves. Use thermometers, humidifiers, water, and your sense to test the level of fermentation.
ripening of cheese;Cheese ripening processes whereby cheese ages and flavour intensifies as enzymes and micro-organisms transform texture. Biological process involved which is the breakdown of casein proteins and milk fat into a complex of amines, amino acids, and fatty acids.
quality assurance methodologies;Quality assurance principles, standard requirements, and the set of processes and activities used for measuring, controlling and ensuring the quality of products and processes.
LINQ;The computer language LINQ is a query language for retrieval of information from a database and of documents containing the needed information. It is developed by the software company Microsoft.
collaborate on costume and make-up for performances;Work with the staff responsible for costumes and make up in line with their creative vision and obtain directions from them about how make-up and costumes should look.
manage purchasing cycle;Oversee complete purchasing cycle, including generating requisitions, PO creation, PO follow-up, goods reception, and final payment actions.
lawn care;Procedures, equipment and products used to maintain the cleanliness of lawns and other grass surfaces in parks or residences.
set payment handling strategies;Fix payment methods for services and goods such as cash, cheques, credit cards, bank transfers, travellers cheques and money orders. Develop and implement strategies to prevent credit card fraud.
legal terminology;The special terms and phrases used in the field of law.
ensure stock storage safety;Ensure that products are stored appropriately. Keep in line with safety procedures.
clean concrete pumps;Remove residual concrete from the pipes and pumps after use and clean the equipment with water.
tend spinning machines;Operate spinning machines keeping efficiency and productivity at high levels.
laws regulating serving alcoholic drinks;The content of national and local legislation regulating restrictions to the sale of alcoholic beverages and methods for serving them appropriately.
consult team on creative project;Discuss the creative project with team members.
perform loading and unloading operations;Load and unload materials from containers, manually or using appropriate tools. Load hoppers, containers, or conveyors to feed machines with products, using tools such as forklifts, transfer augers, suction gates, shovels, or pitchforks.
cope with excrements;Cope with excrements, strong smells, and animal waste without feeling overwhelmed.
use warp preparation technologies;Use warping, sizing, drawing-in and knotting technologies that enable the formation of warps.
handle timber;Identify the main types of timber to be received at your company. Stack and store timber safely and in compliance with company procedures.
make decisions regarding forestry management;Decide on issues regarding various aspects concerning the management of natural resources such as forests and woodland areas.
carry out active selling;Deliver thoughts and ideas in impactful and influencing manner to persuade customers to become interested in new products and promotions. Persuade clients that a product or service will satisfy their needs.
advise on rehabilitation exercises;Educate and advise on rehabilitation exercises to aid long-term recovery, teaching the appropriate techniques to ensure health is maintained.
document security incidents in the store;Prepare documentation and specific reports of the security threats, observations and incidents, such as shoplifting, that occur in the store, to be used as evidence against the offender, if required.
provide treatment strategies for challenges to human health;Identify possible treatment protocols for the challenges to human health within a given community in cases such as infectious diseases of high consequences at the global level.
inspect insects in whole grain;Inspect loads of unprocessed grain to detect harmful insects, like grain beetles.
inspect mine safety conditions;Inspect mining areas to ensure safe working conditions and equipment.
negotiate supplier arrangements;Reach an agreement with the supplier upon technical, quantity, quality, price, conditions, storage, packaging, send-back and other requirements related to the purchasing and delivering process.
communicate by use of interpretation services;Communicate through the help of an interpreter to facilitate verbal communication and cultural mediation.
maximise efficiency of crane operations;Minimise crane operations, additional crane movements, or re-stows by effectively planning the organisations of containers in vessels. Analyse delivery schedules and movements for maximum efficiency, minimum cost, and smooth operations.
mark the stage area;Interpret the designs and other scenic drawings to clearly mark the information from the ground plans to the stage area.
conduct fish populations studies;Study captive fish populations to determine survival, growth, and migration.
spray test panel;Spray the lacquer test panel using a spray gun.
modify scenic elements during performance;Change-over of scenic elements during performance, and follow the relevant documentation during performance.
operate table saw;Handle an industrial table saw, which cuts with a rotating circular blade built into a table. Set the height of the saw to control the depth of the cut. Pay particular attention to safety, as factors such as natural stresses within the wood may produce unpredictable forces.
ensure envelope quality;Check if the scoring, folding, and gumming quality is correct for envelope and flap dimensions, squareness, and throat size by examining the materials and machine output. Make adjustments to the machine settings if necessary.
carry out physical training;Plan and carry out a physical training regimen (daily) to maintain a good physical condition.
maintain a safe, hygienic and secure working environment;Preserve health, hygiene, safety and security in the workplace in accordance with relevant regulations.
manage several projects;Oversee and direct the development of several projects running independently. Ensure coherence and leveraging forces among projects in order to secure an overall success and profitability.
notate different dances;Use dance noting techniques to notate different forms of dance.
repair router machinery;Repair broken components or systems of machinery and equipment used for the cutting various hard materials, using hand and power tools.
operate laser plate maker machine;Maintain and handle laser plate making equipment, which converts electronic data to plates without the use of photographic film. Use erasers and needles to perform minor deletions, additions or corrections to complete these materials.
literary techniques;"The various approaches an author can use to enhance their writing and produce a specific effect; this can be the choice of a specific genre or the use of metaphors, allusions, and word play."
manage agritourism activities;"Manage staff for agri-tourism activities on the farm such as planning and promoting products and services, B &amp; B services, small scale catering, agri-tourism activities and leaisure or selling of small-scale local farm products. Train staff to carry out the different services according to the plan."
horary astrology;The branch of horoscopic astrology where astrologers create horoscopes for the moment they receive a question, which is then used to answer that question.
clean tyres;Clean the completed tyres in order to prepare them for painting.
negotiate loan agreements;Negotiate with banking professionals or other parties functioning as lenders in order to negotiate the interest rates and other aspects of the loan contract in order to obtain the most beneficial agreement for the borrower.
study media sources;Study various media sources such as broadcasts, print media, and online media in order to gather inspiration for the development of creative concepts.
electricity;Understand the principles of electricity and electrical power circuits, as well as the associated risks.
green water incubation technology;The green water incubation technology used during aquaculture hatchery.
clean road vehicles;Clean and maintain vans, buses and any other road vehicles to ensure safe operating conditions.
electrical testing methods;Test procedures performed on electrical equipment and machinery in order to check the performance and quality of the electrical equipment and their adherence to specifications. During these tests electrical properties, such as voltage, current, resistance, capacitance, and inductance, are measured using electrical measuring equipment, such as multimeters, oscilloscopes, and voltmeters.
apply conceptual thinking;"Identify patterns and connections between situations; identify key issues in complex situations."
electric generators;The principles and operations of devices that can convert mechanical energy into electrical energy, such as dynamos and alternators, rotors, stators, armatures, and fields.
understand spoken Romanian;Comprehend orally expressed Romanian.
write charity grant proposals;Write project proposals to be developed by the charity organisation in order to obtain funds and grants from national or international organisations or local authorities which provide such funding.
help prepare lifeboats;Assist sailors in preparing lifeboats for the journey and provide engineering knowledge for the maintenance and repair of lifeboats.
rewrite articles;Rewrite articles to correct errors, make them more appealing to the audience, and to ensure that they fit within time and space allotments.
set up tote board;Install and the tote board used to display information relevant to tote betting at an event.
monitor sugar uniformity;Monitor that the sugar and centrifuged products are uniform and comply with quality standards.
filing machine parts;The various parts, their characteristics and applications, of a machine designed to file and finish metal, wood or plastic workpieces, such as a cone point file, set screw, centre plate, adapter, file band, upper guide, post, back-up support, and others.
understand spoken Icelandic;Comprehend orally expressed Icelandic.
Source (digital game creation systems);The game engine Source which is a software framework that consists of integrated development environments and specialised design tools, designed for the rapid iteration of user-derived computer games.
apply stitching techniques;Apply footwear and leather goods stitching techniques using the appropriate machines, needles, threads and other tools in order to obtain the required model and to comply with the sewing technical specifications.
inspect etched work;Inspect finished etchings in detail, using microscopes and magnifying lenses.
install software;Install machine-readable instructions, such as computer programs, in order to direct the computers processor to perform a certain set of actions.
receive shipment packaging information;Receive information from consignors about the goods, about aspects of the paperwork, and about how the goods should be packed and loaded onto trucks. Understand information and rigorously apply instructions.
provide instruction in orthodontic procedures;Lead orthodontic procedures, providing clear instructions to dental staff and technical assistants.
follow production schedule;Follow production schedule taking into account all requirements, times and needs. This schedule outlines what individual commodities must be produced in each time period and encapsulates various concerns like production, staffing, inventory, etc. It is usually linked to manufacturing where the plan indicates when and how much of each product will be demanded. Utilise all the information in the actual implementation of the plan.
teach digital literacy;Instruct students in the theory and practice of (basic) digital and computer competency, such as typing efficiently, working with basic online technologies, and checking email. This also includes coaching students in the proper use of computer hardware equipment and software programmes.
coordinate orders from various suppliers;Handle orders from various suppliers and ensure the best quality by performing an analysis of their sample products.
work with e-services available to citizens;Use, manage and work with public and private online services, such as e-commerce, e-governance, e-banking, e-health services.
wood products;The various wood products such as lumber and furniture, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
perform scientific experiments in space;Perform different kinds of experiments in various fields of science including human, biological, and physical. Follow scientific methods and document findings, aiming to achieve innovation or discover industrial and commercial applications.
report on radiological examinations;Record and report on radiological examinations to send to the primary care or referring physician.
plan customers sales visits;Plan day-to-day sales routes and customer visits in order to introduce or sell new services or products.
repair patterns;Repair and rework various kinds of templates and patterns in manufacturing processes.
ensure equipment maintenance;Ensure that the equipment required for operations is regularly checked for faults, that routine maintenance tasks are performed, and that repairs are scheduled and performed in the case of damage or flaws.
manage allocation of flight resources;Ensure that each flight operates with a suitable aircraft and team of crew members.
psychoanalysis;The types of psychoanalytic theories and techniques that relate to the unconscious mental processes
manufacturing of light metal packaging;The manufacture of tins and cans for food products, collapsible tubes and boxes, and of metallic closures.
perfume and cosmetic products;The offered perfume and cosmetic products, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
recommend newspapers to customers;recommend and provide advice on magazines, books and newspapers to customers, according to their personal interests.
monitor check-out point;Ensure check-out points have adequate cash available and are staffed appropriately.
demography;The scientific field of study that deals with studying the size, structure, and distribution of the human population, and its geographical and temporal changes.
types of sugars;Variety of sugars and starches from different raw materials. Differences in texture and the level of sweetness that is provided by a measured amount of the refined product.
control suction booms;Control the suction booms, which contains the suction hose that the dredged materials are evacuated through. Raise and lower the suction booms to start and end the operation, or to avoid obstacles.
use specific data analysis software;Use specific software for data analysis, including statistics, spreadsheets, and databases. Explore possibilities in order to make reports to managers, superiors, or clients.
operate cranes;Operate cranes to move, position, lift or place machinery, equipment or other large objects at various locations.
escapee contingency plans;The procedures to follow in case there are escapees from cage systems.
monitor geotechnical structures;Observe performance factors of geotechnical structures in relation to the railway system.
build a network of  suppliers in tourism;Establish a widely spread network of suppliers in the tourism industry.
combine multiple fields of knowledge;Combine inputs and considerations from a variety of diverse spheres (e.g. technical, design, engineering, social) in the development of projects or in the daily performance of a job.
collect tourist information;Gather and compile relevant touristic information from a variety of sources.
understand written Danish;Read and comprehend written texts in Danish.
apply paper coating;Operate coaters and size presses, which apply pigments, starches, and chemicals to the surface of the paper in order to improve some of its characteristics, such as resistance and printing quality.
monitor centrifugal separators;Operating and monitoring centrifugal separators.
respond to requests for logistics services from all over the world;Respond to requests for logistical services from customers in any country around the world.
calculate value of gems;"Determine appraised value of gemstones such as diamonds and pearls; study price guides, market fluctuations and grades of rarity."
estimate cost of jewellery and watches maintenance;Estimate the total cost for the maintenance of watches or pieces of jewellery.
pump insulation beads into cavities;If a suitable cavity is found in a structure to be insulated, pump insulation beads, such as platinum expanded polystyrene beads into the cavity.
ensure compliance with gaming laws;Ensure full compliance within the requirements of the local gambling regulations and laws, Company policy and procedures, including Employment Law and any other relevant legislation or authorities.
online moderation techniques;The strategies and methods used to interact online and moderate online users and groups.
grind wasted plastic;Grind the wasted plastic into powder for further reuse.
interact verbally in Javanese;Communicate orally in Javanese.
develop non-hazardous waste management strategies;Develop strategies which aim to increase the efficiency in which a facility treats, transports, and disposes of non-hazardous waste materials, such as packaging, textiles, scraps, debris, and paper.
perform fast changeover;Perform dress, hair, wigs and makeup changeovers during a performance.
apply for patents;Defend the interests of the inventor or manufacturer when appealing for patents at the relevant patent office. Make sure application deadlines are met, also when applying for renewal.
conduct research on reproductive medicine;Research and analyse human reproduction and development biology topics, with a focus on maternal and fetal medicine, gynecologic oncology, reproductive endocrinology and infertility.
diagnose speech disorders;Assess and diagnose patients` speech and communication disorders, identifying a variety of causes like congenital problems or disorders acquired after a stroke or injury.
inspect sewerage systems;Determine and locate the cause of blockage in the sewerage system.
ICT recovery techniques;The techniques for recovering hardware or software components and data, after failure, corruption or damage.
perform studies and field investigation;Plan and performs studies and field investigations as required. Inspect landscapes using established techniques and procedures.
actuarial science;The rules of applying mathematical and statistical techniques to determine potential or existing risks in various industries, such as finance or insurance.
adjust curing ovens;Adjust the temperature of the curing ovens by turning dials so that it is set to the correct parameters.
inspect aircraft;Conduct inspections of aircraft and aircraft components, their parts, appliances, and equipment, to identify malfunctions such as fuel leaks or flaws in electrical and pressurisation systems.
operate motorised street sweeping machine;Use motorised street sweeping equipment to sweep gutters and streets.
supervise gas distribution operations;Supervise the activities of a gas distribution facility and the operation of gas distribution systems, such as pipelines, in order to ensure compliance with legislation, efficient operations, and that the equipment is properly handled and maintained.
test motor vehicles under demanding conditions;Test the steering, braking and handling abilities of motor vehicles to see how they operate under demanding and extreme conditions such as on sloops, in winding bends and on ice.
select vocalists;Select vocalists and individual singers for solos.
memorise assembly instructions;Store instruction information such as the different procedures to assemble the different parts of furniture for later retrieval.
manage farm supplies;Manage farm supplies by taking care of the purchase and storing procedures. Select and purchase supplies and equipment such as seeds, livestock feed, fertilisers and farm machinery.
supervise equipment;"Start up and shut down equipment; identify and troubleshoot technical problems and conduct minor repairs. Monitor control equipment in order to identify safety and environmental hazards."
provide specialist pharmaceutical advice;Provide specialist information and advice on medicinal products such as the appropriate use, the adverse reactions and the interactions with other medications.
revise questionnaires;Read, analyse, and provide feedback on the accuracy and adequacy of questionnaires and their assessment fashion taking into account its purpose.
operate metal polishing equipment;Operate equipment designed to buff and polish metal workpieces, such as diamond solutions, silicon-made polishing pads, or working wheels with a leather polishing strop, and others.
maintain pipeline coating properties;Perform maintenance to pipelines and their coating properties by applying chemicals and techniques. Maintain external anti-corrosion, internal coating, concrete weight coating, thermal insulation, and other coating properties.
cut wall chases;Cut a narrow channel in a wall or other partition in order to run cables through it. Cut the channel straight and without causing unnecessary damage. Be sure to avoid existent wires. Lead the cables through the chase and fill it up with the appropriate material.
tend hoist cement transfer equipment;Tend equipment such as pneumatic pumps or electrically powered conveyors which are used for transfering the hoist??? cement into storage containers.
oversee freight-related financial documentation;oversee freight billing and invoicing accuracy
design objects to be crafted;Sketch, draw or design sketches and drawings from memory, live models, manufactured products or reference materials in the process of crafting and sculpting.
husbandry and harvesting effects on aquatic resources;Understand husbandry and harvesting effects on aquatic resources, fish, molluscs and crustaceans.
finish mortar joints;Use a trowel to apply extra mortar to joints to smoothen and finish them after the mortar has partially hardened. Make sure that the joints are full to prevent dampness and other outside influences from passing through the wall.
indicators used in EU funds programme operations;The different types of input, output and results indicators used in the domain of the management of EU funds.
collect licence fees;Collect payments due for the processing of a licence, such as the initial granting of a licence or a licence renewal, ensuring that the correct amounts are paid and procedures are compliant with regulations.
install frost protection materials;Install insulation materials such as sand, gravel, crushed stone, foam glass or extruded polystyrene to reduce frost penetration and any resulting road damage.
screed concrete;Smooth the surface of freshly poured concrete using a screed.
sour gas sweetening processes;Processes of removing certain corrosive contaminants, such as hydrogen sulfide (H?S) from raw gas, such as the Girdler process which uses amine solutions, or modern processes using polymeric membranes.
type at speed;Type texts accurately at a high speed.
react to emergency situations in a live performance environment;Assess and react to an emergency (fire, threat, accident or another calamity), alerting emergency services and taking appropriate measures to safeguard or evacuate workers, participants, visitors or audience according to the established procedures.
follow recycling collection schedules;Follow and apply waste collection schedules, handed out by the organisations who collect and process the materials for recycling, in order to optimise efficiency and service.
carry out stock rotation;Execute repositioning of packaged and perishable products with an earlier sell-by date to the front of a shelf.
understand written Russian;Read and comprehend written texts in Russian.
adjust tightness of engine parts;"Tighten or unscrew engine parts using hand and power tools; maintenance of tubing, casing and connecting rods."
repair hammer mill;Repair broken components or systems of machinery and equipment used for crushing or shredding various materials, using hand and power tools.
ICT system user requirements;The process intended to match user and organisations needs with system components and services, by taking into consideration the available technologies and the techniques required to elicit and specify requirements, interrogating users to establish symptoms of problem and analysing symptoms.
write Italian;Compose written texts in Italian.
develop the product catalogue;"Authorise and create items in relation to the delivery of a centrally held product catalogue; make recommendations in the further developing process of the catalogue."
replace machines;Evaluate when to invest in replacing machines or machine tools and take the necessary actions.
screw machine parts;The various parts of a machine designed to manufacture screws, such as the spindle, spindle drive motor, spindle speed change gear, lead cam, front cross slide cam, turret, turret feed dog carrier, and others.
monitor coke quenching;Monitor the process where hot cokes are removed from the oven and quenched using water or increasingly air to make transport possible.
transcribe texts;Use input devices such as mouse, keyboard and scanner, to transcribe texts into a computer.
perform upholstery repair;"Repair/restore damaged upholstery for a wide range of vehicles; use materials such as fabric, leather, plastic or vinyl."
teach astronomy;Instruct students in the theory and practice of astronomy, and more specifically in topics such as celestial bodies, gravity, and solar storms.
drinks service operations;The various aspects, such as procedures and techniques, of serving drinks to customers.
execute necessary procedures prior to take off;"Perform a series of actions prior to aircraft take-off; this includes starting the main and auxiliary engines, correctly positioning the chocks, FOD check, unplugging GPU, etc."
interact verbally in Yiddish;Communicate orally in ?Yiddish.
manage logistics pricing systems;"Manage logistics pricing systems; ensure that prices adequately reflect costs."
safety engineering;The engineering discipline used to ensure that systems, machines and equipment work according to the set safety standards and laws, such as environmental law.
work in textile manufacturing teams;Work harmoniously with colleagues in teams in the textile and clothing manufacturing industries.
adjust sporting equipment;Alter sporting equipment, e.g. racquet stringing, ski waxing, etc.
supervise casino staff;Observe, supervise and schedule the daily tasks of casino employees.
milk animals;Milk cows and other farm animals, manually or using mechanical means.
advertise auction sales;Promote auction sales on radio and TV, in trade magazines, online and via catalogue distribution and other channels.
fish anatomy;The study of the form or morphology of fish species.
respond to customers inquiries;Answer customers questions about itineraries, rates and reservations in person, by mail, by e-mail and on the phone.
Dutch;The Dutch language. Dutch is an official and working language of the EU.
create garden areas;Plant out garden areas.
fasten treads and risers;Securely fasten the treads of a staircase and their vertical counterparts, the risers, to the structural support element or elements of the stair. Screw or nail the risers and treads onto the structure, like stringers, carriages or I-beam. Use adhesives to prevent creaking if called for.
prepare resources for loading activities;Assess the number of workers and types of equipment needed to load or unload freight.
advise on patents;Provide advice to inventors and manufacturers as to whether their inventions will be granted patents by researching if the invention is new, innovative and viable.
teach anthropology;Instruct students in the theory and practice of anthropology or the development and behaviour of human beings, more specifically the development of cultures, languages and the social life and practices of a certain culture.
audio editing software;The various software for editing and generating audio, such as Adobe Audition, Soundforge, and Power Sound Editor.
manage adverse reactions to drugs;Analyse and manage adverse reactions to drugs such as general and local anaesthetics and antibiotics, describing the principles of drug challenge and desensitisation to the allergic patient and providing advice on the use of alternative drugs.
manage archive;Supervise others to ensure that documents, files, and objects are correctly labelled, stored, and preserved according to archive standards and regulations.
store cocoa pressing products;Use adequate recipients to store the outputs after pressing the cocoa. Fill pots with chocolate liquor, extrude specified amounts of cocoa butter into holding tank, and eject cocoa cakes onto conveyor.
fasten components;Fasten components together according to blueprints and technical plans in order to create subassemblies or finished products.
explain accounting records;Provide additional explanation and disclosure to staff, vendors, auditors, and to any other instance about the way accounts were recorded and treated in the financial records.
maintain irrigation systems;Inspect and assess irrigation systems according to agreed time schedules. Identify defects and wear in irrigation systems and arrange repairs.
manage office appliance requirements;Watch, analyse, and provide the appliances required in offices and business facilities for an smooth running of the operations. Prepare appliances such as communication devices, computers, faxes, and photocopiers.
measure reservoir volumes;Estimate the volume of an oil and gas reservoir by measuring its areal extent, rock pore volume, and the fluid content within the pores.
focus on service;Look for efficient ways to help people in an active way.
operate scientific measuring equipment;Operate devices, machinery, and equipment designed for scientific measurement. Scientific equipment consists of specialised measuring instruments refined to facilitate the acquisition of data.
review development process of an organisation;Judge, review and decide on directions of innovation and development processes in an organisation in order to improve efficiency and reduce costs.
general haematology;The medical specialty dealing with the diagnosis, aetiology and treatment of blood diseases.
report outcome of blast;After examining the blast area, report whether the blast was successful or not. Mention any relevant findings from the examination.
apply road transport environmental measures;"Apply European Commission (EC) strategies to mitigate emission of CO²; enforce environmental measures to ensure that CO² emission reduction targets are met."
design well-head equipment;Design and select well-head equipment. Take into local geology, type of resource and other specific properties of the site as well as costs.
keep track of shipment payments;Monitor the progress of payments made for shipping products.
scientific modelling;Scientific activity consisting in selecting the relevant aspects of a situation and aiming to represent physical processes, empirical objects and phenomena to allow a better understanding, visualisation or quantification, and to enable simulation that shows how this particular subject would behave under given circumstances.
inspect railways visually;Visually check the integrity of train tracks, sleepers, and ballast. This is usually done in reaction to reports from workers or detections by sensors.
plan a recording;Make the necessary arrangements to record music.
prepare government funding dossiers;Prepare dossiers to request government funding.
Maltese;The Maltese language. Maltese is an official and working language of the EU.
clip sheet metal objects together;Use sheet metal clips to securely clip sheet metal objects together.
build set constructions;Design and build wooden, metal or plastic set constructions and set up stage pieces using carpets and fabrics.
identify the health benefits of nutritional changes;Recognize the effects of nutritional changes on human organism and how they impact it positively.
prepare building site;Draw up building plans and prepare building sites for erecting buildings or other structures.
manage standards for data exchange;Set and maintain standards for transforming data from source schemas into the necessary data structure of a result schema.
distribute pensions;Pay pensions and other benefits to customers. Check correctness of documents and make sure the correct amount of cash is given
use questioning techniques for assessment;Use different questioning techniques such as semi-structured interviews, open and closed questions, or STARR interviews, adapted to the type of information to be gathered.
manage a team;Ensure clear and effective channels of communication across all departments within the organisation and support functions, both internally and externally ensuring that the team is aware of the standards and objectives of the department/business unit. Implement the disciplinary and grievance procedures as required ensuring that a fair and consistent approach to managing performance is consistently achieved. Assist in the recruitment process and manage, train and motivate employees to achieve/exceed their potential using effective performance management techniques. Encourage and develop a team ethic amongst all employees.
determine maintenance schedules for airport equipment;Determine maintenance schedules for the equipment and vehicles used in the airport. Consider different criteria in order to plan maintenance activities. Ensure availability of vehicles and equipment at all times.
have a high level of safety awareness;"Ensure high levels of safety awareness; use personal protection equipment; communicate with staff members and provide advice on health and safety issues."
support informed consent;Make sure patients and their families are fully informed about the risks and benefits of proposed treatments or procedures so they can give informed consent, engaging patients and their families in the process of their care and treatment.
constitutional law;The regulations dealing with the fundamental principles or established precedents which govern a state or organisation.
use ultrasonic equipment;Use ultrasonic techniques and equipment to discover defects in solid materials.
create semantic trees;Create coherent lists and hierarchies of concepts and terms to ensure consistent indexing in knowledge organisation systems.
discharge cement;Discharge the cement form the mixer into cans.
analyse blood patterns;Analyse the patterns of blood splatters and remains on a crime scene in order to document them, and formulate conclusions as to the causes and the events which have occurred on the scene.
understand written Occitan;Read and comprehend written texts in ?Occitan.
perform vehicle tests;"Test, inspect and maintain vehicles; refresh oil and change tires; balance wheels and replace filters."
collect fish samples for diagnosis;Collect fish and shellfish samples for diagnosis by fish diseases specialists.
remote sensing techniques;The different techniques to obtain information on objects and phenomena on Earths surface without having physical contact with them, such as electromagnetic radiation, radar imaging, and sonar imaging.
maintain dimmer equipment;Check and operate dimmer equipment. Take the appropriate steps if the equipment is defective, correcting the defect yourself or forwarding it to a specialised repair service.
maintain lithographic printing plates;Produce and store plates used in lithographic offset printing by running a previously imposed and ripped file to plate or exposing and developing the plate using hand tools or machines.
plan rig work schedules;Plan work schedule and estimate manpower requirements.
build up rubber plies;Build up the number of plies required in specifications by trimming the irregular edges using scissors or knifes.
remove wallpaper;Remove existent wallpaper, or traces of it, from a wall without damaging the wall. Use one or several techniques and tools, including putty knife for peeling, scoring tool for perforating the paper, paint roller for soaking and steamer for hard to remove paper, based on the circumstances and type of wallpaper.
create script for artistic production;Develop a script describing the scenes, actions, equipment, content and realisation means for a play, film or broadcast.
use tools for construction and repair;Construct and repair ships and equipment using hand tools, machine tools, and measuring instruments. Safely carry out emergency or temporary repairs. Take measures to ensure a safe working environment. Use various types of sealants and packaging.
spirit taxation regulations;Use of information resulting from the spirit safe to compare and conform with taxation regulations in relation to distillation strength. Spirit safe is a locked and sealed glass-box only accessible to representatives from the tax office of the government. 
install lightning protection system;Fix the electrodes deep in the ground, fasten the metal conductors such as copper cables to the walls, and install the lightning conductor on the roof.
manage the use of vaccines;Prescribe, administer and manage the use of vaccines, immune stimulants and suppressors and anti-sera.
create a work environment where performers can develop their potential;Ensure that performers are well prepared and closely guided in each work session. Ask performers for feedback about the work sessions and take it into account
write manuals;Write down instructions about how to properly and safely use equipment, machinery, and systems.
identify common aquatic species diseases;Identify common aquatic species diseases. Observe and describe common symptoms nd lesions.
set sales goals;Set sales goals and objectives to be reached by a sales team within a period of time such as the target amount of sales made and new customers found.
organise musical events;Set the date, the agenda, gather the required resources, and coordinate events around music such as concerts, competitions or exams.
apply ICT systems theory;Implement principles of ICT systems theory in order to explain and document system characteristics that can be applied universally to other systems
perform facial treatment;Perform all kinds of treatments to improve the health and attractiveness of the facial skin, such as facial masks, scrubs, eyebrow tinting, peels, hair removal and make-up.
participate in school programs on libraries;Plan and teach classes on topics like literacy, library instruction, and technology use.
hydraulic fracturing;The gas extraction technique in which high-pressure fluids are injected into deep water surfaces in order to release natural gas, petroleum, or other non renewable resources.
operate audio-signal processors;Operate audio-signal processors to alter auditory signals.
preserve airport maintenance equipment;Keep sweepers, mowers, and other airport maintenance equipment ready for use in order to remove contaminants from aircraft operating areas and to ensure the height of grass on unpaved areas meets regulations.
communicate regarding food labelling interdisciplinary issues;Communicate on current and emerging food labelling interdisciplinary issues and their impact on products and product technology.
export regulations of dual-use goods;Field of information distinguishing national and international regulations concerning the export of dual-use goods.
use seismometers;Operate seismometers in order to measure shifts in the Earths crust such as motion created by earthquakes, tsunamis, and volcanic eruptions.
operate emergency vehicle;Drive and maneuver an emergency vehicle and operate its fixed equipment following standard procedures.
design building envelope systems;Design an envelope system as a part of complete building energy system, taking into account energy saving concepts.
manage employee complaints;Manage and respond to employee complaints, in a correct and polite manner, offering a solution when possible or referring it to an authorized person when necessary.
diagnose advanced nursing care;Examine and diagnose advanced nursing care using evidence based therapeutic interventions.
construction methods;The various techniques and methods for erecting buildings and other constructions.
apply wood kiln drying technologies;Dry timber stacks with modern and dated kiln technologies, such as dehumidification, solar, vacuum and conventional drying.
manage discarded products;Manage production stops due to insufficient product quality and manage associated waste issues within the scope of good manufacturing practices.
conduct experiments on animals;Test medicines and other product on animals in order to discover their effects.
verify visitor identification;Verify identification document and interpret the given information of a visitor in order to avoid unwanted individuals from entering the venue.
use substitute materials;Process materials other than wood such as particle board or MDF.
cacao beans varieties;Variety of cocoa beans like criollo, forastero, trinitario and their properties and characteristics to foresee the type of chocolate the cocoa can yield.
transport pipes;Transport pipes manually or by operating equipment such as mechanical lifts and truck winches.
modify lifecasts;Fix and appropriately modify lifecasts to ensure their accuracy.
plan medium to long term objectives;Schedule long term objectives and immediate to short term objectives through effective medium-term planning and reconciliation processes.
sell service contracts for electrical household appliances;sell contracts for repair and maintenance services of newly sold electrical devices such as washing machines and refrigerators.
fill the mixing tank;Fill the mixing tank with the chemical ingredients, allowing also the water through the valves at the indicated mark on the tank wall.
define specifications for clothing;Define the different clothing product specifications and select the different clothing product materials, accessories, seams, artwork and label specifications.
supervise camera crew;Supervise the camera crew to make sure they use the right equipment, angles, frames, shots, etc., according to the creative vision.
manage construction archive;Maintain and update the archive containing the construction documents of all the buildings that were approved by the building supervision.
projection equipment;The different types of projection equipment, their properties, and usages.
develop professional network with researchers and scientists;Develop alliances, contacts or partnerships, and exchange information with others. Foster integrated and open collaborations where different stakeholders co-create shared value research and innovations. Develop your personal profile or brand and make yourself visible and available in face-to-face and online networking environments.
perform pathology consultations;Perform pathology consultations by preparing a complete report and making recommendations in response to a request from another health care professional or a medico-legal authority.
cut textiles;Cut textiles fitting to customers desires and needs.
use foreign languages for health-related research;Use foreign languages for conducting and collaborating in health-related research.
monitor ICT research;Survey and investigate recent trends and developments in ICT research. Observe and anticipate mastery evolution.
data quality assessment;The process of revealing data issues using ?quality indicators, measures and metrics in order to plan data cleansing and data enrichment strategies according to data quality criteria.
record music;Record a sound or musical performance in a studio or live environment. Use the appropriate equipment and your professional judgment to capture the sounds with optimal fidelity.
provide health psychological diagnosis;Analyse persons and groups of persons using health psychological methods in relation to the various aspects of health behaviour and its causes.
create food production plan;Delivers the production plan within agreed budgetary and service levels.
create artificial light;Create and set up artificial light sources using flashlights, screens and reflectors.
apply quality standards to the interaction with candidates ;Follow established procedures which prevent errors in the conception and implementation of an assessment.
operate manual embossing press;Set up and use the manual press to emboss paper stock or sheets in a chase (gauge pins), which is then locked in a bed of press. Create a raised or embossed image, which is then removed and stacked.
maintain nets;Perform cage net changing and bird net repairing.
manage routine waste;Treat routine waste carefully when performing cleaning activities and ensure that the waste collection and surrounding areas are maintained clean at all times.
preparation for parenthood;The changes, such as the psychological aspects, affecting the parents after childbirth.
structure information;Organise information using systematic methods such as mental models and according to given standards in order to facilitate user information processing and understanding with respect to the specific requirements and characteristics of the output media.
control slate chutes;Control the slate chutes by adjusting the gates using the gauges.
carry out work related calculations in agriculture;Calculate different kinds of on-site requirements in the agricultural, fishery and forestry sector by taking care of marketing and budgets.
take drive-through orders;Accept drive-through orders for food and drinks and prepare, pack and hand items to customers.
conduct a homeopathic consultation;Inquire about the patients lifestyle, eating habits, personality, emotional balance, and medical history in order to get a complete understanding of the patients situation.
provide customer follow-up;Provide customers with cordial, prompt communication to accept orders, notify them in the event of shipment issues, and provide quick resolutions.
project configuration management;The process for the effective management of the key project artefacts and deliverables, ensuring that the correct versions are delivered to the project requestor and allowing project managers to identify the latest state of project artefacts and be able to gather all sources, documents, and other information for the project, prevent unauthorised changes, guarantee artefacts traceability and return to previous versions. It comprises the identification of project configuration items (CIs), their attributes and status codes, the establishment of baselines, the definition of roles and responsibilities for authorised changes to CIs, and the maintenance and control of a project repository.
monitor trends in interior design;Monitor trends in interior design by any means including attending professional design fairs, dedicated magazines, classical and contemporary artistic creation in cinema, advertisement, theatre, circus, and visual arts.
support implementation of quality management systems;Advocate the introduction of new business processes to help achieve quality standards, such as the improvement of the organisational structure or the development of new procedures in case of quality defects.
real estate underwriting;The process of evaluating applications for loans in real estate activities in which not only the prospective borrower but also the property being traded in is evaluated in order to assess whether the property will be capable of redeeming its value.
monitor customer behaviour;Oversee, identify and observe the evolution of the customers needs and interests.
develop new imaging techniques;Develop and execute new techniques to be used in radiography imaging.
remove windshields;Remove cracked windshield or window glass from motor vehicles by using hand tools.
mass customisation;Process of modifying wide-market goods and services to satisfy a specific customer need in order to produce wearing apparels within e-commerce, lean and supply-chain management affairs.
register visitors;Register visitors after greeting them. Distribute any required identification badges or safety devices.
Python (computer programming);The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in Python.
psychosomatics;Interdisciplinary medical specialty addressing the connection between the social, psychological, and behavioral attitudes and their impact on human processes.
business ICT systems;The software packages, hardware devices and new technologies used in supporting business processes such as enterprise resource planning (ERP), customer relationship management (CRM), mobile devices and network solutions.
fire-fighting systems;"The devices and systems used to extinguish fires; the classes and chemistry of fire."
stimulate creativity in the team;Use techniques like brainstorming to stimulate creativity in the team.
manage logistics according to the desired work;Adapt to the environment - especially in an urban one - and adapt the production processes to the contingencies and constraints of the medium. Work with walls, concrete, walkway, pebbledash, glass, sheetmetal, plastic and other materials. Take into account the height of the artistic intervention (trains, traffic or ad signs, chimney, etc.).
read pre-drafted texts;Read texts, written by others or by yourself, with the proper intonation and animation.
keep records of work progress;Maintain records of the progress of the work including time, defects, malfunctions, etc.
range of spirits;Spirits and their combination for developing the final product such as whisky, vodka, cognac.
maintain circus rigging equipment;Check, maintain and adapt circus rigging equipment regularly and before each performance.
research fragrances;Research new chemical ingredients in order to develop new and better fragrance chemicals.
drive ambulance under non-emergency conditions;Drive and operate ambulance in non-emergency situations, usually to transport patients to various locations, as required by their health condition and the medical indications.
undertake continuous professional development in social work;Undertake continuous professional development (CPD) to continuously update and develop knowledge, skills and competences within one`s scope of practice in social work.
sun-cure tobacco;Place tobacco in the sun uncovered to let it dry out naturally. Generally, oriental tobacco is low in sugar and nicotine and is very popular for cigarettes.
advise healthcare users on occupational health;Identify meaningful and healthy occupations and strategies in partnership with the healthcare user, to enable him to reach his goals.
mount photographic film in processing machine;Mount the film in the guide slot of the processing machine, pull lever to drop film into processing position.
prepare samples for testing;"Take and prepare samples for testing, verify their representability; avoid bias and any possibility of accidental or deliberate contamination. Provide clear numbering, labelling and recording of the sample details, in order to make sure that the results can be accurately matched to the original material."
estimate cost of building materials;Estimate the total cost of building materials required, take into account tendering procedures.
promote inclusion in research;"Act as role model for personal conduct when dealing with diversity and difference; educate, advise and guide less experienced researchers. Make positive use of diversity and difference to enrich research projects and outputs,  integrating gender dimension in research and applying equality and diversity management"
manage secondary school department;Supervise and assess secondary school support practices, students well-being and teachers performance.
Gamemaker Studio;The cross-platform game engine which is written in Delphi programming language and consists of integrated development environments and specialised design tools, designed for the rapid iteration of user-derived computer games.
perform project management;Manage and plan various resources, such as human resources, budget, deadline, results, and quality necessary for a specific project, and monitor the projects progress in order to achieve a specific goal within a set time and budget.
understand spoken Swedish;Comprehend orally expressed Swedish.
keep promotions records;"Keep records on sales information and distribution of materials. File reports on customer reactions to their employers products and promotions; present these reports to their managers."
fit doors;Fit a door into a prepared space and attach the hinges to the door and door frame. Make sure the door is straight and flush.
control fluid inventories;Use and understand fluid inventories and associated calculations. Fluid inventory systems are designed to provide for the accurate dispensing of fluids throughout multiple dispense points avoiding spills.
use pest detection sensors;Use wireless sensor networking technologies such as low-power image sensors, acoustic sensors or sensors for Leaf Area Index measuring to monitor and detect insect pests occurrence in crop productions.
national pesticide legislation;National legislation regulating the substances used and usage of pesticides.
liaise with politicians;Liaise with officials fulfilling important political and legislative roles in governments in order to ensure productive communication and build relations.
prepare rubber materials;Prepare and place correctly the rubber materials in order to be assembled.
advise on clothing style;Provide advice to customers on fashionable styles of clothing and appropriateness of different garments for particular occasions.
operate patternmaking machinery;Operate various kinds of machinery and equipment involved in the production of patterns, such as drilling machines, milling machines, lathe machines, cutting machines, grinding machines, hand drills, and others.
coordinate communication within a team;Collect contact info for all team members and decide on modes of communication.
monitor airport surveillance infrastructure;Monitor and maintain the surveillance equipment and infrastructure used in airports. Ensure that this infrastructure remains fully functional.
design the physical outlook of games;Creat physical appealing gambling, betting and lottery games, gaming tools and equipment such as lottery tickects, gaming tables, slot machines, etc.
tend textile dyeing machines;Operate textile dyeing machines keeping efficiency and productivity at high levels.
establish customer rapport;"Gain customer interest and trust; establish relationships with wide varieties of people; communicate in a likeable and persuasive style; understand and respond to the individual desires and needs of customers."
prepare flight dispatch release;Prepare and sign the dispatch release - an official document providing authorisation for the flight to depart.
manufacture braided products;Perform the operation, monitoring and maintenance of machines and processes to manufacture braided products while keeping efficiency and productivity at high levels.
control wine quality;Taste the wine and strive to improve the quality. Develop new styles of wine. Making sure that quality is maintained during all production stages, including when it is bottled. Records quality checks line with specifications. Assume responsibility for the maintenance of all quality parameters for all wines.
interact verbally in Ukrainian;Communicate orally in Ukrainian.
read job ticket instructions;Understand instructions from the cards accompanying job orders and set up or run the machine based on these statements.
plan buildings maintenance work;Schedule maintenance activities of property, systems and services to be deployed in public or private buildings, according to the priorities and needs of the client.
move rigging equipment;Transport rigging materials and equipment to work locations. Set up work site.
develop financial products;Take into account the performed financial market research and the organisations objectives in order to develop and oversee the implementation, promotion, and lifecycle of financial products, such as insurance, mutual funds, bank accounts, stocks, and bonds.
write inspection reports;Write the results and conclusions of the inspection in a clear and intelligible way. Log the inspections processes such as contact, outcome, and steps taken.
systems theory;The principles that can be applied to all types of systems at all hierarchical levels, which describe the systems internal organisation, its mechanisms of maintaining identity and stability and achieving adaptation and self-regulation and its dependencies and interaction with the environment.
manufacture texturised filament yarns;Perform the operation, monitoring and maintenance of machines and processes to manufacture texturised filament yarns.
handle veterinary emergencies;Handle unforeseen incidents concerning animals and circumstances which call for urgent action in an appropriate professional manner.
give care instructions;Inform clients or patients on the medical attention required to ensure a smooth wound healing process.
chemistry;"The composition, structure, and properties of substances and the processes and transformations that they undergo; the uses of different chemicals and their interactions, production techniques, risk factors, and disposal methods."
study relevant writing;Do permanent research within the market, read relevant publications and follow blogs, stay up to date with recent writings in a specific field.
document your own practice;Documenting your own work practice for different purposes like assessment, time management, job application etc.
draw sketches to develop textile articles using softwares;Draw sketches to develop textiles or wearing apparel using softwares. They create visualisations of the motives, patterns or products in order to be manufactured.
apply foreign languages in tourism;Use the mastery of foreign languages orally or written in the tourism sector in order to communicate with collaborators or customers.
manage infection control in the facility;Implement a set of measures to prevent and control infections, formulating and establishing health and safety procedures and policies.
ensure safety of healthcare users;Make sure that healthcare users are being treated professionally, effectively and safe from harm, adapting techniques and procedures according to the persons needs, abilities or the prevailing conditions.
characteristics of diamonds;Key characteristics of diamonds that affect their value: carat weight, cut, colour and clarity.
iOS;The system software iOS consists of features, restrictions, architectures and other characteristics of operating systems designed to run on mobile devices.
cleaning techniques;Various techniques and tools used to clean different types of surfaces to achieve a certain degree of cleanliness such as sweeping, vacuuming, degreasing and wet cleaning.
manage system testing;Select, perform and track testings on software or hardware to detect system defects both within the integrated system units, the inter-assemblages and the system as a whole. Organise testings such as installation testing, security testing and graphical user interface testing.
electrical household goods market;Suppliers and devices in the industry of electrical household goods such as ovens, washing machines, and refrigerators.
Ensure correct use of bakery equipment;Use the utensils, machinery and equipment for the production of bakery and farinaceous products such as kneading machines, proofing equipment, vessels, knives, baking ovens, slicers, wrappers, mixers, and glazers. Keep all tools in good condition.
mining, construction and civil engineering machinery products;The offered mining, construction and civil engineering machinery products, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
collaborate in companys daily operations;Collaborate and perform hands-on work with other departments, managers, supervisors, and workers in different aspects of the business from preparing accounting reports, envisioning the marketing campaigns up to having contact with clients.
record drilling;"Record and analyse drilling performance details; take drill core samples."
adapt efficient food processing practices;Ensure to adapt the most efficient production techniques to accomplish food processing tasks with the least amount of time, effort and costs.
competition law;The legal regulations that maintain market competition by regulating anti-competitive behaviour of companies and organisations.
perform copywriting;Write creative texts targeted to a specific audience for marketing and advertising purposes and ensure that the message convinces potential customers to buy a product or a service and facilitates a positive outlook on the organisation.
analyse external factors of companies;Perform research and analysis of the external factor pertaining to companies such as consumers, position in the market, competitors, and political situation.
model microelectronics;Model and simulate microelectronic systems, products, and components using technical design software. Assess the viability of the product and examine the physical parameters to ensure a successful production process.
design passive energy measures;Design systems that achieve energy performance using passive measures (i.e. natural light and ventilation, control of solar gains), are less prone to failures and without maintenance costs and requirements. Complement passive measures with as few as necessary active measures.
historical methods;The methods, techniques, and guidelines that historians follow when researching the past and writing history, such as the use of primary sources.
compile drinks menu;Create drinks inventory according to needs and preferences of guests.
hunting truck detector;The hunting truck detector, which detects hunting of rail vehicle trucks, i.e. side-to-side movements which cause harmful impacts of the side of the wheels on the tracks.
diagnose hearing impairement;Measure hearing loss and balance disorders and determine their cause.
select well equipment;Select and purchase the appropriate equipment for different functions within the well.
plan beamhouse operations;Plan the required beamhouse operations according to the final leather good. Adjust the formulations of each process applying the conception rules of amino acids groups of collagens and the list of chemicals to be used.
automate cloud tasks;Automate manual or repeatable processes to minimize management overhead. Evaluate cloud automation alternatives for network deployments and tool-based alternatives for network operations and management.
complete final musical scores;Collaborate with colleagues, such as copyists or fellow composers, in order to complete musical scores.
assemble musical instrument parts;Assemble parts together such as the body, strings, buttons, keys, and others to create the final musical instrument.
collect healthcare user data under supervision;Collect qualitative and quantitative data related to the healthcare users physical, psychological, emotional and social status and functional ability within set parameters, monitoring healthcare users responses and status during the performance of assigned measures/tests and taking appropriate action, including reporting the findings to the physiotherapist.
operation of lifting gears;Use of different types of lifting gears, such as winches, telescopic loaders, sea cranes, forklift trucks.
international carriage of dangerous goods by road;Know that the purpose of ADR is to ensure that dangerous materials, including chemicals and hazardous waste, are able to cross international borders as long as vehicles and drivers are in compliance with regulations.
fishing vessels;Denomination of the different elements and equipment of fishing vessels.
rail infrastructure;Thoroughly understand the characteristics of railway infrastructure: rail technologies, track gauges, rail signalling, rail junctions, etc.
instruct public;Give instructions to the public during situations where they behave in a manner which is not compliant with laws and regulations, or to guide them during abnormal situations.
handle touristic quantitative data;Gather, process and present quantitative data in the touristic sector about attractions, events, travelling and accommodation.
monitor performance of meteorological equipment;Monitor the performance of meteorological forecasting equipment.
determine shreds sizes percentage in cigarettes;Weigh tobacco from a single cigarette sorted by shred size and determine percentage of each size using a conversion table.
write Spanish;Compose written texts in Spanish.
create a diet plan;Plan and implement a personalised diet plan to best improve an individuals body movement.
cosmetics industry;Suppliers, products and brands in the cosmetic industry.
perform classroom management;Maintain discipline and engage students during instruction.
operate pumps for fire extinguishing;Control and operate the pumps of a firetruck or water supply to ensure the firehose is supplied with the right substances under the appropriate hydraulic pressure.
ensure mould uniformity;"Oversee uniformity of moulds; use casting equipment and tools such as hand press."
select tree felling methods;Select the appropriate felling method for the tree size and condition. Adhere to the given specification.
carry out social work research;Initiate and design research to assess social problems and evaluate social work interventions. Use statistical sources to connect the individual data with more aggregated categories and interpret data relating to the social context.
ethics;"The philosophical study that deals with solving questions of human morality; it defines and systemises concepts such as right, wrong, and crime."
manage mechanically controlled livestock production environments;Ensure any equipment malfunctions within the mechanically controlled livestock production environment, are dealt with and reported to appropriate person where they are above your responsibility, as soon as possible. Ensure any external factors which might have an impact on the maintenance of the mechanically controlled livestock production environment are dealt with appropriately.
finish medical devices;Complete the manufacture of medical devices such as prostheses by sanding, smoothing, applying paint or lacquer layers, stuffing and covering some parts with leather or textile.
clinical coding;The matching of clinical statements with standard codes of illnesses and treatments through use of a classification system.
provide dietetic diagnosis;Apply a holistic approach in diagnosing or providing a clinical impression of [delete: the his] a patients condition resulting from illness, age, or disability and plan nutrition accordingly, in order to improve symptoms. [delete: identify symptoms or impairments corresponding to this]
identify health objectives;Identify the individual motives of the customer and define short, medium and long term fitness goals. Coordinate with health professionals who may be part of the team and advise on exercise interventions.
develop educational materials on music therapy;Develop materials to educate patients, caregivers, staff, and the public about music therapy.
program firmware;Program permanent software with a read-only memory (ROM) on a hardware device, such as an integrated circuit.
types of wood;Types of wood, such as birch, pine, poplar, mahogany, maple and tulipwood.
develop game management plans;Plan for the management of game and habitat on an estate.
supervise sales activities;Monitor and oversee the activities related to the ongoing sales in the shop to ensure that sales goals are met, assess areas for improvement, and identify or solve problems that customers could encounter.
identify cloth items;Count and collect the items, and provide them with the drop off and delivery dates. Fix tags with a safety pin or staple, describing important information about the customer. Apply special colored tags for different sorts of treatments, and assemble and re-assemble the order after the laundry and dry cleaning process.
train mine engineers;Coach junior and graduate mining engineers.
office software;The characteristics and functioning of software programs for office tasks such as word processing, spreadsheets, presentation, email and database.
perform backups;Implement backup procedures to backup data and systems to ensure permanent and reliable system operation. Execute data backups in order to secure information by copying and archiving to ensure integrity during system integration and after data loss occurrence.
assess shelf life of food products;Determine shelf life of products taking into account aspects such as type of ingredients, date of production, production process or packaging.
sell tyres;Identify the customer` needs, advise them on the right type of tyres and process payments.
mentor other health professionals;Guide, counsel and educate other health professionals about latest practice innovations, act as a mentor and role model, and actively engage in knowledge transfer with patient communities.
clean vehicle engine;Remove grease and dirt from the engine and other mechanical vehicle parts.
mobile device management;The methods for managing the use of mobile devices within an organisation, while ensuring security.
bristles;The stiff hairs or feathers known as bristles, the types of bristles made from the different materials such as animal hairs, plants or synthetics, and their use on brooms or brushes.
neurophysiology of animals;The specialism of veterinary medicine dealing with the study of the functioning of the nervous system of animals, including the functioning of nerve conductions and ion channels, the massed responses of nerve trunks, fiber tracts and nuclei, and inhibitory and excitatory synaptic functions, as well as neuromuscular junctions, different motor unit types and motor control, and the cerebellum.
supply chain principles;Characteristics, operations and resources involved in moving a product or service from supplier to the customer.
Limburgish;The Limburgish language.
make recommendations for repairs;Analyse and evaluate the problem and suggest repairs to adjust the issue.
leadership in nursing;The management and leadership principles and methods applied in nursing care, such as recognising and rewarding success to motivate nursing staff.
install railway detectors;Install detectors onto railway tracks and connect the wiring to the processor enclosure.
provide assistance to lecturer;Assist the lecturer or professor by doing several educational tasks including helping with the preparation of lessons or the grading of students. Support the professor with academic and scientific research.
measure precise food processing operations;Carry out accurately measured assignments with suitable tools and equipment in the process of producing food and beverages.
stand watch on vessel;Stand watch in ships bows, sterns, or bridge wings. Look out for obstructions in the ships path and locate navigational aids such as buoys. Determine geographical position of the ship, using all available means such as GPS, radar ranges, visual observations and depth sounders. Perform navigational watches while underway, and safety watches, anchor watches and dock watches at other times as deemed prudent by the Captain, in accordance with normal bridge management procedures.
tend V-belt covering machine;Tend the machine that covers the V-bels with rubberized fabrics, making sure the end product is according to specifications.
heat transfer processes;Field of information which distinguishes three types of heat transfers, such as conduction, convection and radiation. These processes set limits to the performance of thermal engineered components and systems.
apply modelling techniques in water engineering;Apply water engineering modelling and mathematic tools to analyse the impact of human activities on water sources and prevent and mitigate the occurrence of negative events such as floods, droughts or severe water pollution. Analyse results to inform policy making in suistainable water management.
geography;The scientific discipline that studies the land, phenomena, characteristics and inhabitants of Earth. This field seeks to understand the natural and man-made complexities of Earth.
write Arabic;Compose written texts in Arabic.
monitor stock movement;Keep track of stock movements from the moment when products are put on sale and ready for distribution.
signal processing;The algorithms, applications and implementations that deal with the processing and transferring of information through analog or digital frequencies.
kosher meat;The preparation and types of meat consumable according to Jewish laws such as meat from chickens and cows.
select restoration activities;Determine restoration needs and requirements and plan the activities. Consider the desired results, the level of intervention required, evaluation of alternatives, constraints on actions, stakeholder demands, possible risks and future options.
manufacturing industrial braids;The production processes involved in the manufacturing of industrial ropes such as cordages, rigging ropes, twines, and nets. The manufacturing conditions for resistant and high quality products given their intended heavy use.
Canvas (learning management systems);The Canvas network is an e-learning platform for creating, administrating, arranging, reporting and delivering e-learning education courses or training programs.
assess operating cost;Estimate the operating cost in terms of manpower, consumables and maintenance.
mine dump design;Develop and implement safe and effective waste and dump management. Minimise the ecological footprint of the operation and follow legal requirements.
set up water pump;Install a device that pumps water from a lower location to a higher location. Set the pump in the right position, taking care not to expose any sensitive parts to water. Connect the pump to water pipes and a power source.
mechanical engineering applicable to edible oil seed;Applying mechanical engineering principles to edible oil seed such as the installation of machinery, repair, and welding practices, steam equipment installation and the applications of this equipment in the processing of oil seeds and the production of the oil.
monitor temperature in manufacturing process of food and beverages;Monitor and control required temperatures in the different phases of production until the product reaches suitable properties according to specifications.
climatology;The scientific field of study that deals with researching average weather conditions over a specified period of time and how they affected nature on Earth.
check tickets throughout carriages;Check tickets and travel documents while walking through carriages during the journey. Maintain physical stability and service attitude during inspections.
blend tobacco leaves;Blend tobacco leaves by cutting, conditioning, and blending the leaves of tobacco before these are being wrapped in a cigar or cut for cigarettes.
perform preventive maintenance on fire fighting vehicles;Keep firefighting vehicles ready for use at any time. Maintain all aspects of firefighting vehicles and ensure that vehicles function correctly.
execute visual presentation changes;Prepare and execute visual presentation changes by moving items, changing shelving and fixtures, changing signs, adding and removing decorative accessories, etc.
order electronics supplies;Order the required materials for assembling electronic equipment, paying attention to the price, quality, and suitability of the materials.
manage aspects of airspace management;Manage all aspects of airspace management in all airspace classes.
use technical documentation;Understand and use technical documentation in the overall technical process.
apply clinical physiotherapy skills;Apply clincial physiotherapy skills across different practice areas using a holistic and evidence-based approach.
report to gaming manager;Report incidents such as giving signs to other players and laundering money to the gaming manager without necessarily disturbing the gaming process.
operate forestry machinery;Operate machinery on and off road for harvesting, forwarding and transportation of wood.
cook fish;Prepare fish dishes. The complexity of the dishes will depend on the range of fish used and how they are combined with other ingredients in their preparation and cooking.
prepare balls of clay;Prepare the balls of clay so that they are according to specifications of each end-product and position the balls in the center of the wheel.
reconstruct program theory;Define the program theory through stakeholder engagement, document and literature review, and key contextual understanding.
stay abreast of wine trends;Stay abreast of the latest trends in wine and possibly other spirits such as biological wines and sustainable cultures.
construct wood roofs;Build the structural elements of wood flat or pitched roofs. Lay rafters to provide strength and battens at regular intervals to account for lateral forces and attach any covering. Back the weight-bearing elements with panels, such as plywood, and insulation material.
push anodising tank air bar;Push the air bar connected to an immediate supply of low pressure air in an anodising tank in order to facilitate mobility from the hydrogen off-gas through the fume collection vent to the general exhaust blower and, finally, into the atmosphere.
reinsurance;The practice whereby insurers transfer portions of their risk portfolios to other parties by some form of agreement to reduce the likelihood of paying a large obligation resulting from an insurance claim. The party that diversifies its insurance portfolio is known as the ceding party.
secondary school procedures;The inner workings of a secondary school, such as the structure of the relevant education support and management, the policies, and the regulations.
manage website;Provide different services related to website management such as monitoring online traffic, managing content, providing website support and making estimations and improvements to ones website.
perform veterinary diagnosis;Identify and determine the physiological status of animals and the nature and cause of diseases in animals through evaluation of patient history, clinical examination, and the selection, taking and reviewing of confirmatory imaging, laboratory and other ancillary test data.
ensure regulatory compliance concerning distribution activities;Meet the rules, policies and laws that govern transportation and distribution activities.
clean glass surfaces;Use cleaning products to clean any surface covered by glass.
techniques of practice in art therapy;The direct experience of the therapeutic utility and psychological influence of art processes and materials, and the therapeutic effect of art making, leading to the establishment of therapeutic goals and intervention strategies.
report the results of treatment;Analyse and process information and data, and subsequently formulate the results in a written report.
supervise physiotherapy students;Supervise, educate and provide learning opportunities for physiotherapy students.
manage ground maintenance;Plan and direct the work of ground maintenance workers and units and maintain all natural areas.
analyse curriculum;Analyse the existing curricula of educational institutions and from government policy in order to identify gaps or issues, and to develop improvements.
understand spoken Russian;Comprehend orally expressed Russian.
implement risk management for outdoors;Devise and demonstrate the application of responsible and safe practices for the outdoor sector.
aquatic resources biosecurity;The principles underlying the concept of biosecurity in relation to the cultivation of aquatic resources as cash crops.
intravenous infusion;The vein access and infusion, the hygienic aspects and potential complications.
perform bunkering;Perform bunkering, the process of supplying fuels to ships for their own use. Ensure sufficient amounts of fuel for the duration of the journeys.
check diving equipment;Check diving equipment for valid certification to ensure its suitability. Ensure that any diving equipment is examined by a competent person before use, at least once on each day on which it is to be used. Ensure that it is adequately tested and repaired.
types of straightening machine;Types of straightening machines, such as straightening presses, bending presses, stretching machines and their qualities and applications. 
scan negatives;Scan processed negatives so they can be digitally stored, edited, and printed.
advise on geophysical procedures;Provide guidance and give specific technical advice on all matters related to geophysical technologies, services, procedures or measurements.
cooperate in linguistic process steps;Engage and cooperate in codification processes in order to standardise and develop norms for languages.
think creatively about jewellery;Generate innovative and creative ideas to design and decorate jewellery.
national generally accepted accounting principles;The accounting standard accepted in a region or country specifying the rules and procedures to disclose financial data.
check cured rubber;Check the dimensions of cured rubber using the rule.
ICT infrastructure;The system, network, hardware and software applications and components, as well as devices and processes that are used in order to develop, test, deliver, monitor, control or support ICT services.
maintain treatment records;Keep accurate records and file reports related to the prescribed treatment or medication.
coordinate new sites preparation;Choose and prepare locations for new trees, making use of controlled burning, bulldozers, or herbicides to clear vegetation and logging debris.
operate life-saving appliances;Operate survival craft and their launching appliances and arrangements. Operate life-saving instruments like radio life-saving appliances, satellite EPIRBs, SARTs, immersion suits and thermal protective aids.
immunohaematology;The reactions of antibodies in relation to the pathogenesis and manifestation of blood disorders.
track geometry;Understand the 3D-geometry used for track layouts, and in the design and construction of railway infrastructure.
train gun dogs;Train a dog used for hunting game to various tasks and behaviours, such as remain under control, mark downed game, perform a blind retrieve and delivery.
sketch set images;Quickly sketch ideas for set layouts and details.
present reports;Display results, statistics and conclusions to an audience in a transparent and straightforward way.
assist employee health programmes;Support and provide assistance to health and safety staff in implementing programmes targeted at the health and well-being of employees.
develop cultural policies;Develop programmes which aim to promote cultural activities and cultural engagement in a community or nation, and which regulate the organisation of cultural institutions, facilities and events.
carpooling services;Services promoting shared car journeys in order to reduce travel costs and promote sustainability.
monitor the welfare of animals;Monitor animals’ physical condition and behaviour and report any concerns or unexpected changes, including signs of health or ill-health, appearance, condition of the animals accommodation, intake of food and water and environmental conditions.
assess suitability of metal types for specific application;Assess the physical nature and structural composition of various metals and alloys, and analyse how the materials behave in different circumstances.
clean public furniture;Perform cleaning activities of objects or equipment in the public domain, on streets or other public places, used for various purposes.
blueprints;Must be able to read and understand blueprints, drawings and plans and maintain simple written records.
write Yiddish;Compose written texts in Yiddish.
feed additives;"The products used to improve the quality of animal feed and the quality of the food that these animals produce or are turned into; or to improve the animals performance and health."
mix spirit flavourings according to recipe;Mix flavourings and other ingredients such as fruit acids to produce brandies, cordials, and fortified beverages.
musical theory;The body of interrelated concepts that constitutes the theoretical background of music.
functional properties of foods;Structure, quality, nutritional value and/or acceptability of a food product. A food functional property is determined by physical, chemical and/or organoleptic properties of a food. Examples of a functional property may include solubility, absorption, water retention, frothing ability, elasticity, and absorptive capacity for fats and foreign particles.    
condition of local roads;Know local streets and their condition in order to provide efficient and timely transportation services.
apply operations for an ITIL-based environment;Properly operate ITIL (Information Technology Infrastructure Library) based service desk procedures.
liaise with industrial professionals;Establish relationships with engineers, geologists, hydrologists and hydrogeologists, and other industrial professionals.
maintain relationships in performing arts;Diversify ones experiences by improvising with other performers and participating in other artistic projects. Discover new images, documents and music by taking classes and attending events and nurturing these relationships.
determine colour shades;Determine and use the correct colour to be applied to a surface, according to requirements, by using instruments and software.
asbestos removal regulations;The legislation and regulations surrounding the removal of asbestos contamination from buildings or structures, the safe removal of contaminated materials and the regulations to avoid and prevent contamination.
log emergency call information electronically;Register the information received from emergency callers into a computer for further processing or record keeping purposes.
handle harvested fish;Handle harvested fish in a manner which maintains flesh quality. Effectively store fish in chilled storage.
decide on products to be stocked;Decide which products (sizes, volumes, types, colours) should be stocked for each type and size of store, depending on particular budgets and locations.
work in drilling teams;Work confidently within a drilling team on a drilling rig or oil platform with each doing a part but all subordinating personal prominence to the efficiency of the whole.
set production facilities standards;Ensure a high standard of safety and quality in facilities, systems, and workers behaviour. Ensure adherence to procedures and audit standards. Ensure that machinery and appliances in the production plant are appropriate for their task.
perform product planning;Identify and articulate market requirements that define a product’s feature set. Product planning serves as the basis for decisions about price, distribution and promotion.
have computer literacy;Utilise computers, IT equipment and modern day technology in an efficient way.
electrical wiring plans;Pictorial representation of an electrical circuit. It shows the components of the circuit as simplified shapes, and the power and signal connections between the devices. It gives information about the relative position and arrangement of devices and terminals on the devices, to help in building or servicing the device. A wiring diagram is often used to troubleshoot problems and to make sure that all the connections have been made and that everything is present.
tolerate stress;Maintain a temperate mental state and effective performance under pressure or adverse circumstances.
holding company activities;The principles, legal actions and strategies of a holding company such as influencing the management of a firm through the acquirement of outstanding stock and other means, more specifically by influencing or electing the board of directors of a company.
implement biodiversity action plans;Promoting and implementing local and national biodiversity action plans in partnership with local/national statutory and voluntary organisations.
understand written Chinese;Read and comprehend written texts in Chinese.
hot winding;The coiling process of hot winding, winding heated wire around a mandrel, then cooling it in oil and tempering it, in order to create metal springs.
estimate costs of required supplies;Evaluate the amounts and costs of required supplies such as of food items and ingredients.
apply frequency management;Develop and manage multiple communication channels to produce extra capacity in the VHF-COM band.
type on electronic devices;Type fast and flawless on electronic devices such as computers in order to ensure a quick and accurate data entry.
operate weighing machine;Work with a weighing machine to measure raw, half-finished and finished products.
prepare syllabuses for vocational courses;Prepare syllabuses for use in different kinds of vocational courses. Compile, adapt, and integrate important study subjects in a course to assure integral teaching programs.
develop gas distribution schedule;Develop plans which outline the timelines and routes for the distribution of gas, taking into account both the current and potential future demands of gas energy and fuel, ensuring that the supply can meet demands, and distribution occurs in an efficient and safe manner.
inspect machinery;Check machine equipment for proper performance and detect faults and malfunctions. Diagnose malfunctions using testing equipment to determine the required repair.
design miniature sets;Draw miniature set sketches and define set materials and building methods.
ice cream manufacturing regulations;Ice-cream manufacturing regulations and standards to be followed for safety reasons.
macroeconomics;The economic field that studies the performance and behaviour of all the sectors of an economy aggregated. This field evaluates the financial performance of a country and considers indicator such as gross domestic product (GDP), price levels, unemployment rates, and inflation.
manage quality of leather throughout the production process;Manage systems for the customer-focused organisation of leather production processes. It uses strategy, data, and effective communications to integrate the quality approach into the culture and activities of the company and also to achieve the organisation’s mission and goals.
estimate restoration costs of antique items;Estimate the price of the restoration process of antique products taking into consideration the  time required for restoration.
maintain wood thickness;Maintain wood thickness by surfacing and sizing woodstock.
check material resources;Verify that all requested resources are delivered and in good working order. Notify the appropriate person or people of any problems related to technical and material resources.
develop assembly instructions;Develop a code of letters and numbers to label diagrams for assembly instructions.
design dams;Envision and design dams considering calculations, project purpose, and budget.
Unity (digital game creation systems);The game engine Unity which is a software framework that consists of integrated development environments and specialised design tools, designed for the rapid iteration of user-derived computer games.
assess risks for the elderly;Visit the patient`s home to identify environmental factors that contribute to falls or other injuries of the elderly present.
measure physical phenomena in healthcare;Develop, implement and maintain standards and protocols for the measurement of physical phenomena and for the use of nuclear technology in medical applications.
register information on arrivals and departures;Write down information about visitors, patrons or employees, such as identity, the company they represent and time of arrival or departure.
determine imaging techniques to be performed;Determine the appropriate imaging techniques to provide the appropriate diagnostic information to the doctor who requested it.
measure the strength of distillation;Measuring the alcohol concentration based on the information in the spirit safe and maintaining the distillation process and the distillation strength within the parameters asked by regulations for taxation purposes.
listen actively to sport players;Give attention to what players and participants are saying, understand the issues raised, and ask questions when necessary. Sport officials need to display professionalism, integrity and ethical conduct.
trade ships;Buy or sell ships on behalf of a private customer or corporate customer. This includes negotiating with shipowners and clients, finalising contracts between the two and arranging the logistical part of the sale.
exercise neutrality in mediation cases;Conserve neutrality and strive to keep a bias-free position in the solution of disputes between parties in mediation cases.
clean oil equipment;"Clean and sterilise tanks, inflow pipes and production areas; use tools such as scraper, hose and brush; handle chemical solutions."
develop tourist information materials;Create documents such as leaflets, brochures or city guides to inform tourists about local, cultural, social and historical activities and places of interest.
separate metals from ores;Apply various chemical and physical methods to separate minerals from their ores such as magnetic, electric or chemical methods
distributed directory information services;The directory services that automate the network management of security, user data and distributed resources and enable access to information in a computer systems directory.
regulations on substances;The national and international regulations on the classification, labelling and packaging of substances and mixtures, e.g. regulation (EC) No 1272/2008.
protect health and well-being while using digital technologies;Be able to avoid health-risks and threats to physical and psychological well-being while using digital technologies. Be able to protect oneself and others from possible dangers in digital environments (e.g. cyber bullying). Be aware of digital technologies for social well-being and social inclusion.
model groundwater;"Model groundwater flow; analyse groundwater temperature and characteristics; identify geological formations and man-made influence."
test printed circuit boards;Test the printed circuit board with special testing adapters to ensure optimal efficiency, functionality, and that everything works according to design. Adapt the testing devices to the type of circuit board.
manufacturing plant equipment;The characteristics and functioning conditions of manufacturing plant equipments such as chemical reactors, addition tanks, pumps, filters, mixers.
supervise video quality;Oversee the quality and progress of audio and video engineering and editing.
select musical performers;Organise auditions and select performers for musical performances.
identify new business opportunities;Pursue potential customers or products in order to generate additional sales and ensure growth.
carry out cheese production;Carry out onsite and on farm milking and processing activities for cheese production.
write Basque;Compose written texts in Basque.
military weaponry;"The types of arms used by different military organisations, such as army, navy or air force and in different nations worldwide; the weapons aspects, damage potential and ways to defend against them."
tend anodising machine;"Tend the different stations of a metalworking machine designed to form anode electrodes as part of the anodising process. This includes tending the coil feed operation station, the pre-treatment and cleaning tanks, the anodise tanks, the post treatment facility and the coil rewind equipment; monitor and operate all according to regulations."
refer service users to community resources;Refer clients to community resources for services such as job or debt counselling, legal aid, housing, medical treatment, or financial assistance, providing concrete information, such as where to go and how to apply.
monitor traffic flow;Monitor the traffic that passes by a certain point, like for instance a pedestrian crossing. Monitor the amount of vehicles, the speed at which they go by and the interval between the passing by of two successive cars.
monitor winemaking process;Conducts wine making and monitors processing steps. Supervises and participates in the bottling and labelling work.
maintain jewels and watches;Use cleaning equipment to properly care for jewellery and watches, as per customer request. This might involve cleaning and polishing watches and pieces of jewellery.
adjust drying process to goods;Adjust machine settings to adapt drying processes, drying times, and special treatments to the requirements of the goods to be dried.
read manuscripts;Read incomplete or complete manuscripts from new or experienced authors.
adhere to organisational code of ethics;Adhere to organisational European and regional specific standards and code of ethics, understanding the motives of the organisation and the common agreements and apply this awareness.
evaluate implementation of safety procedures;Investigate and evaluate whether safety procedures have been established and implemented appropriately.
operate switching locomotives;Operate locomotives for switching, coupling and uncoupling rail cars for loading and unloading freight.
tend dairy processing machines;Operate machines to process milk and other dairy products.
teach religious texts;Teach the content and interpretation methods of religious texts in order to facilitate spiritual or theological learning.
youth-centered approach;Young people’s interests, needs, problems and psychology and their environments, the issues affecting them, and the opportunities and services to support them.
types of veneers;The properties and purposes of different kinds of veneers, such as raw, paper backed or reconstituted veneer.
prepare graves;Make sure that graves are excavated and ready for burial prior to funerals and backfilled when the coffin is in the grave.
build picture frames;Build the rigid structure, most working with wood, that encloses pictures and mirrors or holds canvasses for painting.
keep markings legible;Keep markings legible through all seasons. Prevent markings on lanes and paved areas from becoming discoloured or faded.
deliver fertiliser;Deliver ferilisers to clients.
staple spinning machine technology;Technologies, operations, monitoring and maintenance of machines during the yarn spinning process.
wash vehicles;Wash and dry vehicle and ensure that paint is kept intact by waxing and polishing vehicle using the appropriate tools.
scoop medicinal preparations;Scoop medicinal preparations into the capsulating machines filling hopper
tend auger-press;Tend the auger press in order to perform the pressing of clay products tiles or pipes.
manage kiln ventilation;Managing a product specific and energy efficient kiln ventilation.
promote cultural venue in schools;Contact schools and teachers to promote the use of museum collections and activities.
manufacturing of doors from metal;The manufacture of metal doors, windows and their frames, shutters and gates, and the metal room partitions for floor attachment.
examine prospective blast area;Examine explosion areas to determine the appropriate amount of explosives required. Ensure compliance to safety regulations.
teach corporate skills;Teach the skills necessary for operating in an organisation to the employees of an institution. Educate them on general or technical skills, ranging from computer skills to interpersonal skills.
Joomla;The open-source web-based software system written in PHP, used for creating, editing, publishing and archiving blogs, articles, corporate or small business websites, social networking websites or press releases.
test semiconductors;Use semiconductor automated test equipment (ATE) to check and diagnose malfunctions in semiconductors and their components, such as resistors, capacitors, and inductors. Apply different testing techniques for different components, such as wafer testing.
advise on housing;Inform and support individuals or tenants in finding available housing opportunities, according to their particular needs, as well as liaise with authorities, in order to help individuals lead independent lives.
excavation techniques;The methods to remove rock and soil, used in an excavation site and the associated risks.
perform sworn translations;Translate documents of all kinds and affixing a stamp indicating the translation has been performed by somebody endorsed by the local or national authorities.
supervise store opening and closing procedures;Supervise the procedures of opening and closing hours such as cleaning, stock shelfing, securing valuable items, etc.
operate tumble dryer;Operate machine to remove stains and achieve clean clothes. Measure the minimum and maximum load to insert in the machine and select the appropriate drying process for eventual moisture and leaking problems.
hydrography;The scientific discipline that studies and measures the physical features of bodies of water such as oceans, lakes and rivers. It studies the current situation for navigational purposes and predicts change over time.
hairdressing;The processes of washing, cutting, curling, and arranging hair.
mitigate waste of resources;Evaluate and identify opportunities to use resources more efficiently with continuously striving to reduce waste of utilities.
maintain desalination control system;Maintain a system to obtain potable water from saline water.
repair optical equipment;Identify the problem of the optical instrument, check for deterioration, and replace deficient components.
follow safety precautions in work practices;Apply principles, policies and institutional regulations aimed at guaranteeing a safe work place for all employees.
maintain railway signal equipment;Test, operate, and maintain railway signalling equipment such as power switches and grade crossing warning devices.
advise on organisational culture;Advise organisations on their internal culture and work environment as experienced by employees, and the factors which may influence the behaviour of employees.
advise on merchandise features;Provide counsel on the buying of merchandise such as goods, vehicles or other objects, as well as providing information on their features and attributes to clients or customers.
supervise practical courses;Prepare the content and the material required for practical lessons, explain technical notions to students, answer their questions and evaluate their progress on a regular basis.
treat speech disorders;Provide speech therapy to patients affected by learning disabilities such as dyslexia, stuttering, articulation problems, dyscalculia, swallowing disorders such as dysphagia, brain related conditions such as aphasia or voice conditions such as dysphonia.
music therapy theories;The meta-theories, theories and practical concepts and interventions in music therapy and other scientific disciplines such as medicine, psychology, psychotherapy, music science and music pedagogics.
design scale models;Design imitations of products such as vehicles or buildings which accurately represent the dimensions of the product in a smaller format.
assist in the administration of medication to elderly;Provide support and assistance in the administration of medications to elderly people, under the strict direction and supervision of the nurse, observing and monitoring the health and emotional condition of elderly patients or residents, reporting all changes to the nurse.
maintain the exercise environment;Help to provide a safe, clean and friendly fitness environment.
monitor national economy;Supervise the economy of a country and their financial institutions such as banks and other credit institutions.
operate hydrogen extraction equipment;Operate the equipment used in hydrogen extraction and processing.
operate farm equipment;Supervise the smooth running of farm equipment which can include high pressure cleaning equipment, heating or air conditioning and monitor the temperature of premises. Make sure tractors and other vehicles are running smoothly. Interpret instructions given by computer programs and report simple operations.
jewellery product categories;Categories in which various types of jewellery can be found such as diamond fashion jewellery or diamond bridal jewellery.
coordinate artistic production;Oversee the day-to-day coordination of production tasks so that the organisation fits within the desired artistic and business policies and in order to present productions in a uniform corporate identity to the public.
add paint thinners;Add paint thinners to reduce pain viscosity or to prevent paint from hardening. Wear appropriate personal protective equipment when using paint thinners.
unmoor vessels;Follow standard procedures to unmoor vessels. Manage communication between the ship and the shore.
use functional programming;Utilise specialised ICT tools to create computer code which treats computation as the evaluation of mathematical functions and seeks to avoid state and mutable data. Use programming languages which support this method such as LISP, PROLOG and Haskell.
manage cloud data and storage;Create and manage cloud data retention. Identify and implement data protection, encryption, and capacity planning needs.
advise architects;Give advise on design, safety issues, and cost reduction to architects during the pre-application phase.
ICT encryption;The conversion of electronic data into a format which is readable only by authorized parties which use key encryption techniques, such as Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) and Secure Socket Layer (SSL).
ensure temperature control for fruits and vegetables;Store vegetables and fruit in the right temperature conditions, in order to ensure freshness and extend shelf life.
assess animal behaviour;Observe and evaluate the behaviour of animals in order to work with them safely and recognise deviations from normal behaviour that signal compromised health and welfare.
assess potential gas yield;Estimate the potential gas yield based on input from a variety of methods, such as analogy, volumetric measurement, decline analysis, material balance calculations, and reservoir simulation.
monitor filling machines;Monitoring filling, weighting, and packing machines.
detect rail track malfunctions;"Identify and analyse damage or malfunctions in the mechanical, pneumatic, or hydraulic equipment of rail track; determine necessary maintenance and repair work."
operate meat processing equipment;Operate meat processing equipment for meat preparations and prepared meat products.
determine footwear warehouse layout;Select the suitable warehouse layouts according to the specific conditions of the footwear company. Plan the warehouse layout. Implement the warehouse management system.
select design elements;Determine which photographs, art, or other design elements to use.
install electrical mining machinery;Assemble and disassemble electrical mining machinery. Requires hand and eye coordination and spatial awareness.
develop new installations;Design and develop new facilities and installations, conduct feasibility studies.
electrical operation of trolley buses;Understand the electrical operation of a trolley bus, including the use of two wires and poles to complete the electrical circuit of the bus.
biodiesel;The vegetable oil or animal fat based diesel fuel made by lipids reacting with alcohols.
provide emergency supplies;Identify the need for supplies in emergency aid, such as specialised equipment for waste removal and transportation, or supplies to aid victims, and ensure the necessary supplies are delivered.
prepare financial projections;Gather financial data, exert analyses, and come up with financial projections for small and big businesses.
cardiology;Cardiology is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
prepare warranty documents for electrical household appliances;Compose warranty forms for electrical household equipment sold to customers.
coordinate the allocation of Mode S radars to Interrogator Codes;Ensure correct and safe operation of Mode S Secondary Surveillance Radars. Ensure they are configured with an Interrogator Code (IC) allocated specifically to each radar.
filter paint;Filter the impurities from the paint.
sell second-hand merchandise;sell second-hand goods by promoting the available merchandise in the store.
olfaction;The sense of smell with its characteristics for the main olfactory systems and the more specific systems such as human olfactory system or accessory olfactory system.
types of folders;"The distinction between buckle folders; where paper is folded and squeezed, plow folders that reduce printing costs and include several glue systems, and knife folders that strike the paper between two rollers by using knives through cross folding."
plan animal breeding programmes;Plan a responsible animal breeding programme with a clearly defined purpose. Assess the needs of the animal and how they may be addressed or affected throughout the breeding programme. Communicate the breeding programme to those who will be involved in its implementation.
provide lesson materials;Ensure that the necessary materials for teaching a class, such as visual aids, are prepared, up-to-date, and present in the instruction space.
evaluate cultural venue visitor needs;Assess the needs and expectations of museum and any art facility visitors in order to regularly develop new programmes and activities.
maintain high quality of calls;Establish high quality standards and instructions for calls.
influence voting behaviour;Influence the public during a political or other legislative campaign which requires voting in order to ensure that they vote for the party, individual or motion which is preferred, by talking with individuals and using promotional strategies.
assess ergonomics of the workplace;Assess ergonomics of the workplace in relation to the human resources.
operate sand blasting cabinet;Operate an abrasive cabinet using sand and fine blasting abrasives, inside a cabinet containing the abrasive force, to erode and smoothen a rough surface.
manage environmental impact;Implement measures to minimise the biological, chemical and physical impacts of mining activity on the environment.
monitor basic patients signs;Monitor basic patient vital signs and other signs, taking actions as indicated by the nurse and report to her/him as appropriate.
provide customers with price information;Provide customers with accurate and up-to-date information about charges and price rates.
fabricate metal parts;Fabricate metal parts, using equipment such as drill presses and engine lathes.
organise information on availability of the team;Take note of unavailability and confirmed availability of members of the artistic and technical teams. Take note of constraints.
manage livestock;Plan production programmes, birth plans, sales, feed purchase orders, materials, equipment, housing, location and stock management. Plan the destruction of relevant animals in humane manner and in accordance with national legislation. Follow businesses requirements and integration into qualitative research and knowledge transfer.
rivet types;The various types of rivets used in manufacturing, such as solid head rivets, blind rivets, drive rivets, semi-tubular rivets, oscar rivets, flush rivets, and others.
provide manufacturing documentation;Provide client with appropriate technical documents such as manuals, technical reports, metallurgical investigations, etc.
winery production process;Winery production processes and safety requirements. Winemaking principles. Engineering and flow process technology (pumps and hoses).
interpret automatic call distribution data;Interpret information of call distribution system, a device that transmits incoming calls to specific groups of terminals.
marketing mix;Principle of marketing that describes the four fundamental elements in marketing strategies which are the product, the place, the price and the promotion.
principles of cargo stowage;Understand the principles of cargo stowage. Understand procedures by which containers should be efficiently loaded and unloaded, taking into account gravitational forces that are exerted during transportation.
GDPR;The General Data Protection Regulation is the EU regulation on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data.
apply organisational techniques;Employ a set of organisational techniques and procedures which facilitate the achievement of the set goals set such as detailed planning of personnels schedules. Use these resources efficiently and sustainably, and show flexibility when required.
teach survival skills;Instruct participants in the theory and practice of wilderness survival, often, but not exclusively, for recreational purposes, more specifically in subjects such as food scavenging, setting up camp, building a fire, and animal behaviour.
monitor sports equipment;Keep track of all equipment that is being used, including exercise equipment, sporting equipment and other equipment such as towels.
test prosthetic-orthotic devices;Ensure that the prosthetic-orthotic devices fit the patient according to specifications. Test and evaluate them to ensure that they work as intended. Make adjustments to ensure proper fit, function and comfort.
vacuum distillation processes;Understand the process of distilling a liquid mixture at very low pressure.
carry out psychiatric assessment of child;Evaluate the child or young person`s problems with attention to physical, genetic, developmental, emotional, cognitive, educational, family, peer, and social components and use the information to determine a diagnosis for the mental disorder.
consider economic criteria in decision making;Develop proposals and take appropriate decisions taking into account economic criteria.
carry out post hoof-trimming activities;Discuss and agree on a husbandry plan (written or verbal), which may contain information on workload, environmental conditions, devices and non-prescription topical applications being used.
negotiate settlements;Negotiate with insurance companies and insurance claimants in order to facilitate agreement on a settlement which the insurance company has to provide for the claimant, such as covering repair costs for damages, taking into account the appraisal reports and the coverage assessment.
support sport activities in education;Support sport and physical activity in an education context. Analyse the educational community in which the sport organisation will be working, establish effective working relationships with key stakeholders in that community and enable the educational community, through professional advice and expertise, to establish and sustain opportunities for participation and progression for children and young people.
nursing science;The factors that influence human health and the therapeutic interventions that promote health with the purpose to improve individual`s mental and physical health.
security regulations;The body of regulations, legal procedures and policies regarding security and safety management.
detain offenders;Keep back offenders and trespassers in a certain area.
predict earthquakes;Use seismic equipment to forecast earthquakes in specific areas and issue warnings.
maintain street sweeping machine;Monitor sweeper to ensure a good operating condition by checking fuel levels, air pressure, and hydraulic systems.
variety of beers;Variety of beers and their fermentation, ingredients and processes used during their production.
teach ESOL literacy class;Instruct students with literacy difficulties in their native language in the English language and in literacy development in English to facilitate their progress in learning English as a second language.
quantum mechanics;The field of research concerning the study of atoms and photons in order to quantize these particles.
maintain safe navigation watches;Observe principles in keeping a navigation watch. Take over, accept and pass on a watch. Steer the vessel and perform routine duties undertaken during a watch. Observe safety and emergency procedures. Observe safety precautions during a watch and take immediate actions in the event of fire or accident.
isometric perspective;Understand the isometric representation of three dimensional elements in two dimensional technical and engineering draughts for the manufacture, assembly, and maintenance of objects.
dry photographic film;Place the photographic film in a dust-free environment to dry.
authoring software;The software that provides pre-programmed elements which allow the development of interactive multimedia applications in order to edit, structure and lay out content intended for publication.
conform with production requirements;Conform with production requirements by reading the production schedule and adjusting temperature to the actual humidity, size and type of the products which will be dried.
periodisation;The categorisation of the past into defined blocks of time, called time periods, in order to make researching history easier.
monitor the farm environmental management plan;Identify environmental designations and directives that relate to a given farm and incorporate their requirements in to the farm planning process. Monitor the implementation of the farm environmental management plan and review timescales.
examine civil structures;Perform non-destructive testing on civil structures such as bridges and pipelines in order to find abnormalities or damage.
sell furniture;Sell pieces of furniture in accordance to the clients personal preferences and needs.
sort tobacco leaves;Sort tobacco leaves according to colour and condition. Select the leaves with the best specifications for rolling cigars and for quality assurance. Sort tobacco leaves for manufacturing of different products such as pipe tobacco and chewing tobacco.
write reports on neurological tests;Provide a written report to the referring doctor for every test taken, interpreting results.
understand written Vietnamese;Read and comprehend written texts in Vietnamese.
diagnose tropical diseases;Investigate and diagnose travellers with specific symptoms such as diarrhea, malaria, fever or lymphadenopathy, performing clinical and epidemiological assessment and initial management of such tropical diseases.
blast surface;Blast a surface with sand, metal shot, dry ice or other blasting material to remove impurities or rough up a smooth surface.
correctional procedures;Tthe legal regulations and policies concerning the operations of correctional facilities, and other correctional procedures.
clean vehicle interiors;"Remove dirt, rubbish or impurities of the interior of vehicles, including consoles and dashboards; vacuum car seats and carpets; clean hinges and door trims."
hot wheel detection system;Hot wheel detection systems, which record the temperature of passing rail vehicle wheels and pass an alarm if a critical temperature is reached.
provide advice on pilot licence application procedures;Provide advice on the specificities and particularities of applying for a pilots licence. Provide advice on how an applicant can submit an application that is more likely to be successful.
monitor mine costs;"Monitor total costs of mining activities, projects and required equipment; pursue maximum operational cost efficiency."
Adobe Photoshop Lightroom;The computer program Adobe Photoshop Lightroom is a graphical ICT tool which enables digital editing and composition of graphics to generate both 2D raster or 2D vector graphics. It is developed by the software company Adobe.
grammar;The set of structural rules governing the composition of clauses, phrases, and words in any given natural language.
perform reconstructive oral surgery;Correct problems of the jaw and facial bone resulting from previous trauma or removal of pathology.
coordinate the activities of chimney sweeps;Plan and prepare the work schedule of chimney sweepers under your supervision, to achieve efficiency and respond to client demands and requests.
negotiate sale of commodities;Discuss clients requirements for buying and selling commodities and negotiate their sale and purchase in order to obtain the most beneficial agreement.
provide improvement strategies;Identify root causes of problems and submit proposals for effective and long-term solutions.
university procedures;The inner workings of a university, such as the structure of the relevant education support and management, the policies, and the regulations.
implant microchips in animals;Scan for existing microchips prior to implanting a new one. Inject the implant under the animals skin.
manage budgets for social services programs;Plan and administer budgets in social services, covering programmes, equipment and support services.
find written press issues;Search for a particular issue of a magazine, newspaper or journal at customers request. Inform customer whether or not the requested item is still available and where it can be found.
research livestock production;Collect and use the livestock production facts and the results of analysis as a input to scientific research. Research and keep up to date with any relevant developments in livestock production review and gather information to inform business decisions
monitor work for special events;Oversee activities during special events taking into account specific objectives, schedule, timetable, agenda, cultural limitations, account rules and legislation.
inspect construction of ships;"Inspect ship surfaces, windows, and ventilation systems, heating systems, toilets, and drainage systems; maintain and store equipment required for trip."
oversee record management;Control and oversee electronic records of an organisation throughout the records life-cycle.
make film shooting schedule;Decide when the shooting will start on each location, how long it will take, and when to move to another location.
use ICT equipment in maintenance activities;Maintain or fix equipment by using information technology equipment such as monitors, computer mice, keyboards, storage devices, printers or scanners.
coordinate efforts of stakeholders for destination promotion;Monitor with relevant stakeholders, such as business owners and government institutions to develop a cooperative product or promotion campaign.
connect equipment to wellheads;"Install equipment; connect equipment to wellheads."
market pricing;Price volatility according to market and price elasticity, and the factors which influence pricing trends and changes in the market in the long and short term.
test procedures;The methods for producing results in science or engineering, such as physical tests, chemical tests, or statistical tests.
leadership principles;Set of traits and values which guide the actions of a leader with her/his employees and the company and provide direction throughout her/his career. These principles are also an important tool for self-evaluation to identify strengths and weaknesses, and seek self-improvement.
adopt a person-centred approach to community arts;Adopt working methods which aims to create an environment for dance practice that builds upon existing qualities and strengths of each individual encouraging their active exploration of the arts discipline (dance, music, theater, visual arts). Make arts accesible and understable through different pedagogic strategies to facilitate your participants to gain the body knowledge they need for the arts discipline they are doing, by developing a quality in their artistic performance. Recognise and instigate development of participants so they have a more developed range of skill in their artistic performance.
cultural history;Field that combines historical and anthropological approaches for recording and studying past customs, arts, and manners of a group of people taking into account their political, cultural, and social milieu.
collaborate with designers;Communicate and collaborate with fellow designers in order to coordinate new products and designs.
news analytics;The study of textual news stories expressed as numbers and metadata in order to gain insight into the relevance of the story, sentiment, and novelty.
identify GIS issues;Highlight GIS-issues that require special attention. Report on these issues and their development on a regular basis.
monitor after sales records;"Keep an eye on the after sales feedback and monitor customer satisfaction or complaints; record after sales calls for thorough data analysis."
Freinet teaching principles;The teaching and developmental methods and philosophy of Célestin Freinet, a French pedagogue. These principles involve learning concepts by trail and error, by invoking childrens learning interests and curiosity, and learning through making products and providing services such as the learning printing technique.
maintain pastures;Ensure that animals on pastures or grazing lands have enough feed. Employ pasture-conservation measures such as grazing in rotation.
define organisational standards;Write, implement and foster the internal standards of the company as part of the business plans for the operations and levels of performance that the company intends to achieve.
provide pouring holes in moulds;Cut spouts, runner holes, and sprue holes into moulds.
measure companys sustainability performance;Keep track of sustainability indicators and analyse how well the company is doing in sustainability performance, in relation to the Sustainable Development Goals or the global standards for sustainability reporting.
operate dealership management system;Operate and maintain the management information system that caters to the needs of the finance, sales, parts, inventory and administrative aspects of running the business.
execute marketing plan;Carry out all the activities involved in achieving specific marketing objectives within a given timeframe
provide technical training;Explain and demonstrate the use of training equipment and system functions.
Walloon;The Walloon language.
select material to process;Perform the selection of the proper materials to be processed, ensuring they are according to specifications.
design control systems;Develop devices that command and manage the behaviour of other devices and systems, using engineering and electronics principles.
fermentation processes of beverages;Fermentation processes related to the conversion of sugar to alcohol, gases and acids. 
assist on pregnancy abnormality;Support the mother in case of abnormality signs during the pregnancy period and call the doctor in emergency cases.
quality control systems;Understanding of and experience with product development quality systems or tools such as FMEA, DOE, PPAP and APQP.
follow ethical code of conduct in assessment situations;Carry out interviews, tests, simulations and assessment of evidence of prior learning according to accepted principles of right or wrong, including fairness, transparency, objectivity, safety, privacy and impartiality in assessment practices and conduct towards candidates
think holistically;Take into account indirect and long-term consequences when planning and making decisions. Consider the effects on other people, processes and the environment and include these in your planning.
Scratch (computer programming);The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in Scratch.
make drawings;Make  technical drawings to scale from sketches, drawings, and verbal instructions.
stages of bereavement;Stages of the bereavement such as the acceptance that the loss has occurred, the experience of pain, the adjustment to life without the person in question.
monitor water quality;Measure water quality: temperature, oxygen, salinity, pH, N2, NO2,NH4, CO2, turbidity, chlorophyll. Monitor microbiological water quality.
analyse staff capacity;Evaluate and identify staffing gaps in quantity, skills, performance revenue and surpluses.
plan test flights;Draft the test plan by describing maneuver-by-maneuver for each test flight in order to to measure take-off distances, rate of climb, stall speeds, manoeuvrability and landing capacities.
manage wine cellar inventory;Managing the inventory of wine cellars for the purpose of aging and blending.
food homogenisation;The procedures, machines and reciped used to mix different foodstuffs and solutions by transforming them through high pressure and acceleration processes into an uniform fluid or product. 
apply sport games rules;Develop and sustain the ability to apply rules, within the spirit of the sport activity and competition, and in a professional and respectful manner.
interpret medical results;Interpret, integrate and apply results of diagnostic imaging, laboratory tests and other investigations as part of the assessment of the client, in consultation with other healthcare practitioners.
Yiddish;The Yiddish language.
clinical microbiology;The science of identifying and isolating organisms that cause infectious diseases.
Process-based management;The process-based management approach is a methodology for planning, managing and overseeing of ICT resources in order to meet specific goals and using project management ICT tools.
assess equid footcare requirements;Inspect the horses leg, foot and hoof while they are stationary as well as in motion to check for irregularities, interference, peculiarities in gait (how the horse walks) or abnormalities in size and shape of hooves and wear of shoes in discussion with the owner and given purpose and use of horse.
work in cold environments;Work in cold storage and deep freeze facilities. Cooling rooms are around 0°C. Resist temperatures of -18°C in meat processing freezer facilities as required by law, except for the slaughterhouse, where room working temperatures are below 12°C by law.
inform on interest rates;Inform prospective borrowers on the rate at which compensation fees for use of assets, such as borrowed money, is paid to the lender, and at which percentage of the loan the interest stands.
brewhouse processes;The processes and techniques through which raw materials are converted into fermentable substrate for beer manufacturing.
common aviation safety regulations;"The body of legislation and regulations that apply to the field of civil aviation at regional, national, European and International levels. Understand that regulations aimed at protecting citizens at all times in civil aviation; ensure that operators, citizens, and organisations comply with these rules."
smart city features;The use of big data technologies in the context of smart cities in order to develop novel software ecosystems upon which advanced mobility functionalities can be created.
evaluate art quality;Correctly evaluate the quality of art objects, artefacts, photographs and documents.
coach individuals in specialised nursing care;Keep abreast of technological development and educate nurses, other health professionals and patient groups about advancements in the field of specialisation.
diving equipment;Equipment used for a dive, including wetsuits and drysuits, helmets, scuba equipment and any umbilical equipment which provides the connection with the surface.
rectify spirits;Rectify spirits by repeatedly or fractionally distilling it to remove water and undesirable compounds.
ensure private property security;Make sure that gates and doors are locked, windows are closed and alarm systems are active, in order to prevent burglaries or theft.
manage research and development projects;Plan, organise, direct and follow up on projects aimed at developing new products, implementing innovative services, or further developing existing ones.
assist students in their learning;Support and coach students in their work, give learners practical support and encouragement.
lift safety legislation;Local legislation on lift safety mechanisms, loading limits, speed limits and installation procedures.
types of psychotherapy sessions;Types of psychotherapy for individuals, groups or families according to behavioural/cognitive, psychoanalytic/dynamic, systemic methods or other appropriate psychological therapies.
conduct examination processes for apprentices;Provide examinations to trainees and students on their practical knowledge. Follow procedures to assure transparency and accuracy in the assessment exercise.
clinical immunopathology;The pathogenesis, diagnosis and treatment of disorders associated with an excessive, defective or unwarranted immune response. The difference between the pathogenesis of disorders of the immune system such as autoimmunity, allergy, immunodeficiency, leukaemia/lymphoma and transplant rejection.
review patients medical data;Assess and review relevant medical data of patients such as X-rays, medical history and laboratory reports.
provide youth information services;Offer different verified sources of information to young people in order to support them in their search for information and knowledge and contribute to the media and information literacy of young people.
alcohol fuels;The alcohols such as ethanol and methanol used for improving power performance of engines by injecting them into the air intake of forced induction internal combustion engines.
psychological treatment measures;The psychological treatment measures for persons of all ages and groups, with the aim of improving treatment skills and the provisions of trans-cultural and gender aspects.
maintain hatchery facilities;Make minor repairs to hatchery facilities as required.
process orders from online shop;"Process orders from web shop; direct sales, packaging and shipment."
Bulgarian;The Bulgarian language. Bulgarian is an official and working language of the EU.
nutrients of confectionery;Components and nutrients of confectionery products required to identify possible allergens.
cultural practices regarding animal slaughter;Understand cultural or religious rules and traditions regarding the slaughter of animals.
wax wood surfaces;Treat wood surfaces with an appropriate wax, such as solid paste wax or liquid wax. Apply the wax to a wood surface and rub it in. Buff the surface to a shine using manual or electric equipment.
implant brachytherapy treatments;Implant radioactive sources into or adjacent to a specific target within the body and supervise all high-dose rate brachytherapy treatments.
prepare surface for enamelling;Remove any grease, oil grime or dust from the surface and make the enamelling area of even thickness in order to achieve even colour distribution while firing.
read musical score;Read the musical score during rehearsal and live performance.
determine flow rate enhancement;"Recommend and evaluate flow rate enhancement; understand and safely carry out acid treatment or hydraulic fracturing."
assist scientific research;Assist engineers or scientists with conducting experiments, performing analysis, developing new products or processes, constructing theory, and quality control.
advise on railway infrastructure repairs;Formulate advice on maintenance, repair or upgrades of the inspected railroad infrastructure.
have good bedside manner;Make patients feel comfortable and speak to them in a pleasant tone.
supervise aquaculture facilities;Supervise aquaculture facilities and identify equipment needs. Understand aquaculture equipment drawings, plans, and design principles of different containment systems.
assist cage net changing;Assist in cage net changing and bird net repairing.
general surgery;General surgery is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
make decisions;Make a choice from several alternative possibilities.
carry out pre-flight duties;"Check on-board safety equipment; ensure that the plane is clean; ensure that documents in the seat pockets are up to date; check if all meals and other required stock are on board."
operate wood chipper;Operate wood chipper machine by inserting long logs, poles, and pieces of timber, producing wood chips.
swimming pool chemicals;Types of disinfectants and sanitizers which control the growth of certain bacteria in the pool water.
commercial law;The legal regulations that govern a specific commercial activity.
analyse data about clients;Study data about clients, visitors, customers or guests. Gather, process and analyse data about their characteristics, needs and buying behaviours.
assist in planning production scheduling;Contribute to the planning of the production schedule with information on previous periods of production as to avoid waste and increase efficiency.
position straightening rolls;Position the rolls of a straightening press automatically or manually by using button commands to move the rolls over pieces of sheet metal, steel, or plastic in order to flatten it.
read heat meter;Interpret the measuring equipment which records the consumption of thermal energy by measuring heat transfer fluid and temperature changes, and record the results correctly.
coffee, tea, cocoa and spice products;The offered coffee, tea, cocoa and spice products, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
feed the nitrator;Feed the nitrator with mixed acids or toluene compounds making sure the types and quantities are as according to specifications.
crime scene preservation;The methods involved in the preservation of a crime scene so that the evidence and information that can be gathered from it for an investigation is uninfluenced by outside factors.
design wearing apparel;Use analytical skills, creativity, and recognise future trends in order to design wearing apparel.
comply with checklists;Follow checklists and ensure compliance with all the items included in them.
tax legislation;Tax legislation applicable to a specific area of specialisation, such as import tax, government tax, etc.
stack paper bags;Manually remove finished paper bags from the paper bag machine and stack them onto piles in crates or boxes for further packaging and transporting.
beeswax;Beeswax composition which comprises esthers, pigment from pollen and propolis. Beeswax properties such as insolubility in water and natural oxidization.
inspect material;Select material for inspection and check the conformity of that material according to set specifications and regulations.
feed fibreglass machine;Feed the machine with raw fibreglass according to specifications of the end-products to be developed.
understand written Kurdish;Read and comprehend written texts in ?Kurdish.
operate collating machine;Set up and monitor the machine that automatically sorts the different pages of documents.
breed dogs;Prepare a suitable environment for dog breeding. Select and prepare the appropriate habitats for specific kinds of dogs. Monitor the dogs growth and health and ensure correct feeding. Identify when the dogs are ready for trade, training or other purposes.
assist animal birth;Assist in animal births, and care for newborn livestock. Make sure the animal has a clean and quiet place where it can give birth. Have clean drying towels handy at hand and a bottle filled with iodine.
capture peoples attention;Approach people and draw their attention to a subject presented to them or to get information from them.
install automatically opening door;Install an electric door, which detects the user and opens and shuts automatically. Fit the door into a prepared space and attach it. Set up the electronics of the door and calibrate the detector.
supervise sewerage systems construction;Supervise the implementation of correct sewerage system plans and methods during construction, installation, and maintenance of sewerage systems to ensure conformity to the approved plans, and the safety of operations.
use oxygenation equipment;Operate different water oxygenation systems according to requirements: surface aerators, paddle wheel aerators, column/cascade aerators, and pure oxygenation systems.
types of digital badges;The types and characteristics of digital badges such as open badges, that store information about accomplishments and skills of learners, making it easier for this information to be verified and recognised by multiple stakeholders.
publishing strategy;The methods, rules, media and tools of publishing content from content management systems in single sources or cross media.
complete membership administration;Oversee and carry out several tasks in the membership administration process such as reporting membership numbers, ensure that the website is reviewed and maintained and writing newsletters.
tend metal fastener machine;Operate a machine that cuts metal fasteners from corrugated metal stripping and drive fasteners into boards to fasten paperboards together. Position the metal stripping spool onto the machine spindle and thread end of the stripping between clamps of the automatic driver-head feed.
maintain database performance;Calculate values for database parameters. Implement new releases and execute regular maintenance tasks such as establishing backup strategies and eliminating index fragmentation.
operate audiological equipment;Operate instruments meant to measure customers hearing.
product comprehension;The offered products, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
liaise with port users;Communicate and cooperate with port users such as shipping agents, freight customers and port managers.
level crossing regulations;Know and understand regulations and legal procedures applicable to level crossings. Ensure regulations relating to safety are complied with at all times.
interact verbally in Vietnamese;Communicate orally in Vietnamese.
ICT network cable limitations;The limitations, such as distance limitations and resistance of types of cables, such as fibre cable, coax cable and ethernet cable which are used for realising networks.
ensure compliance with accounting conventions;Exercise accounting management and abidance by generally accepted accounting conventions such as recording transactions at the current price, quantifying goods, separating personal accounts of managers from those of the company, making effective the transfer of legal ownership of assets in its realisation time, and ensuring the principle of materiality.
sell insurance;Sell insurance products and services to customers, such as health, life or car insurance.
medical genetics;"The diagnosis, types and treatment of hereditary disorders; a type of genetics which refers to the application to medical care."
plan advanced nursing care;Outline the advanced nursing care that needs to be provided to patients and citizens, based on the identified nursing diagnoses and define the monitoring process.
maintain landscape site;Maintain the site by mowing, applying fertiliser, controlling weed, aerating, trimming and pruning. Perform clean-ups according to needs and requirements.
bake pastry for special events;Prepare pastry for special occasions such as weddings and birthdays.
create camelbacks;Create camelbacks by selecting the appropriate measures, rolling them by hand and cutting them using knives.
manage airport development resources;"Direct allocated resources for the design and further development of airport property and facilities; control the costs, quality and timeliness of important projects for airport improvement."
transfer medical information;Extract information from a patients notes and enter them in a computer programme.
sell toys and games;Sell and provide information and advice on a wide range of toys and games, taking into account different age groups.
maintain media integration equipment;Check and repair media integration equipment and maintain its software.
record furnace operations;Log furnace time and production data.
provide veterinary information to the public;Provide veterinary information and insight, in cooperation with public health officials, with regard to zoonotic and infectious diseases, as well as to general animal care and welfare.
plan sports areas;Carry out an initial survey which identifies the type, function and required dimensions of the sports area. Produce accurate plans which are consistent with the rules of the sport. Ensure the positioning and dimensions of the sports area are consistent with the rules of the sport and the function, use and safety of the site.
implement dive plans;Implement dive plans, working with the client, vessel teams and marine superintendents.
report mine machinery repairs;Record repair and maintenance tasks executed on mine machinery.
develop new welding techniques;"Design and optimise new techniques for welding together metal pieces; devise a solution to a welding problem after having performed research into the matter. Take into account the properties of the welding materials and the equipment."
report on production results;Mention a specified set of parameters, such as amount produced and timing, and any issues or unexpected occurrences.
carry out auditions;Hold auditions and assess and select candidates for roles in the productions.
light a show;Light a show based on concrete production needs.
execute feasibility study;Perform the evaluation and assessment of the potential of a project, plan, proposition or new idea. Realise a standardised study which is based on extensive investigation and research to support the process of decision making.
balance participants personal needs with group needs;Apply a variety of approaches in your practice that balances the needs of each individual with that of the group as a whole. Strengthen each individuals capability and experience, known as person centred practice, while at the same time stimulating the participants and support workers to form a cohesive group. Create a supportive and safe atmosphere for an active exploration of your artistic discipline.
set end stops;Set end stops according to the width or length of the cut and measure the distance from the blade to make sure the stone will be split conforming to the requirements.
rinse cloth articles;Flush out detergents, soil and odors from cloth materials and articles using a water hose.
sell veterinary materials;Provide information on and sell prescribed veterinary treatments and other animal-related products.
undertake employee screening;Screen employees by compiling criminal records, commercial records and financial records of an individual.
repair furniture parts;Repair locks, pegs, braces, frames or other parts of furniture.
maintain sound equipment;Set up, check, maintain and repair sound equipment for a live performance establishment.
advise customers on purchasing furniture appliances;Explain to customers the financing alternatives for buying furniture appliances.
corporate law;The legal rules that govern how corporate stakeholders (such as shareholders, employees, directors, consumers, etc) interact with one another, and the responsibilities corporations have to their stakeholders.
operation of transport equipment;Use of transportation gear, such as car, forklift, truck, tractor, trailer, convoy.
characteristics of chemicals used for tanning;Composition and physico-chemical properties of auxiliary chemicals used in the different tanning processes (tanning agents, fat liquors, pigments, dyes, etc.)
select loan objects;Select specimens for exhibitions loans.
receive key information about projects;Develop initial ideas and discuss requirements in detail with clients (the brief) and set project schedules.
plan construction of houses;Draw up blueprints for the construction of houses and other types of buildings. Calculate and estimate the required materials and coordinate and supervise activities of workers executing the several construction techniques needed for the building process.
dry tumbling;The process of tumbling, not employing water to clean and remove burrs, but tumbling metal parts in a dry media and compound mixture in order to smoothen them, creating a hand-buffed appearance.
assess risk factors;Determine the influence of economical, political and cultural risk factors and additional issues.
create original paintings;Create paintings, drawing from your experience, inspiration and techniques.
perform rail track inspections;Plan and implement regular inspections and investigations of the rail track system in order to provide optimal coverage of the railway network in a given area. Inspect aspects such as track alignment, features of the terrain, and existence of ditches, embankments, and loose rock debris on the network.
train artists in flying;Train artists in operating fly harnesses and flying systems/rehearse fly movements.
operate oxygen cutting torch;Operate an oxygen cutting torch to cut metal, which uses an oxidation reaction combined with heat, allowing quick reaction with iron and steel but uneffective on other materials. Advance the flame at the right speed to allow the exothermic reaction to sustain itself through the thickness of the object to be cut.
perform music solo;Perform music individually.
develop social security programmes;Develop programmes and policies which aim to protect citizens and grant them rights in order to aid them, such as providing unemployment and family benefits, as well as to prevent misuse of government-provided aid.
assist hydrographic surveys;Assist in the installation and deployment of hydrographic surveying equipment.
manage footwear quality systems;Manage the company quality system. Create or elaborate the quality manual. Carry out the established requirements and objectives included in the quality policy. Foster internal and external communication, including customer satisfaction follow-up. Define and control the implementation of corrective and preventive measures. Foster the continuous improvement of the quality system and quality manual.
carry out maintenance of aquaculture equipment;Maintain aquaculture equipment and identify equipment needs. Carry out routine maintenance and minor repairs as needed.
dispose prepared animal feeds waste;Dispose prepared animal feeds waste while striving to minimise the environmental impact of feed compositions. Follow the relevant legislation.
use resource-efficient technologies in hospitality;Implement technological improvements in hospitality establishments, as connectionless food steamers, pre-rinse spray valves and low flow sink taps, which optimise the water and energy consumption in dishwashing, cleaning and food preparation.
bundle fabrics;Bundle fabrics and place several cut components together in a single package. Join related products and items together. Sort the cut fabrics and add them with the accessories required for assembling. Care for the adequate transportation to the sewing lines.
tend laser marking machine;Tend a machine designed to mark and engrave metal or plastic pieces by use of a laser beam exuding a concentrated heat source, monitor and operate it according to regulations.
distinguish ship construction methods;Distinguish various methods of constructing vessels and how this affects their behaviour in the water in terms of strength and stability.
deinking processes;Various deinking processes such as flotation, bleaching, and washing. These are used to remove ink from the paper in preparation for producing new paper.
assess an area as a tourism destination;Evaluate an area by analysing its typology, characteristics and its application as a tourist resource.
operate precision machinery;Operate machinery used for the making of small systems or components with a high level of precision.
repair plumbing systems;Perform maintenance and repairs of pipes and drains designed for the distribution of water in public and private buildings.
design heating and cooling emission systems;Investigate and select the appropriate system according to the heating and cooling generation system. Design and evaluate solutions for different types of rooms and spaces regarding square metres, height, human comfort and occupation, adaptation and control strategies. Design a system taking into account the relation with the heating and cooling generation system.
sex education;Provide information and advice related to human sexual reproduction, emotional relations between sexual partners, birth control and human sexuality in general.
curate artwork for exhibitions;Make decisions about the type of work gallery exhibitions will show. Identify artwork that is likely to interest the audience.
engage in physiotherapy research;Undertake different levels of engagement in research activities to improve the quality of, and evidence base for, physiotherapy.
domotic systems;Residential intelligent building installations for lighting, heating, security, etc that can be controlled remotely. Domotic systems aim at improving the quality of life inside houses and buildings, including enhancing the independence of people with disabilities and contributing to energy saving.
create digital content;Create and edit simple items of digital content, where needed with guidance.
install electrical equipment in vessels;Install electrical equipment and accessories such as lighting, gauges and radios in vessels. Make sure installation is according to requirements and regulations.
cope with challenging demands;Maintain a positive attitude towards new and challenging demands such as interaction with artists and handling of artistic artefacts. Work under pressure such as dealing with last moment changes in time schedules and financial restraints.
perform quality audits;Execute regular, systematic and documented examinations of a quality system for verifying conformity with a standard based on objective evidence such as the implementation of processes, effectiveness in achieving quality goals and reduction and elimination of quality problems.
ethics of sharing work through social media;Understand the ethics around the appropriate use of social networks and media channels through which to share your work.
create editorial board;Create the outline for each publication and news broadcast. Determine the events that will be covered and the length of these articles and stories.
community-led local development;An approach to development policy focusing on specific sub-regional areas and characterised by the involvement of local communities and local action groups to design integrated and multi-sectoral local development strategies that take into account local needs and potential.
determine patients exposure factors;Determine the exposure factors to be used for producing a clear image of the pathology or trauma.
national waterways;Know the national waterways used for inland navigation, know geographical location of rivers, canals, seaports and inland harbours, and understand the relationship with cargo flows.
load electronic circuits onto wafers;Load transistors and other electronic circuit elements onto the finished silicon wafers and slice wafers into individual integrated circuits (ICs) or microchips.
technical terminology;Type of language used in a certain context, containing terms that have a meaning specific to a particular group or activity, such as in industry, medicine, or law.
gambling games;The types, characteristics and rules of betting and gambling games.
tend asphalt mixing machine;Tend the machines which mix asphalt solution feeding it with the already processed minerals, bitumen and additives according to the formula.
principles of paramedic practice;The theories and science that underpin the theory and principles of paramedic practice.
advise customers on usage of vehicles;Provide advice to customers related to the types of cars for sale, such as engine types and different fuels (hybrids, diesel, electric) and answer questions about gas mileage and the sizes of engines.
operate scanner;Set up and operate scanner equipment and its hard- and software.
manage environmental impact of operations;Manage the interaction with and impact on the environment by companies. Identify and assess environmental impacts of the production process and related services, and regulate a reduction of the effects on the environment and on people. Organise action plans and monitor any indicators of improvement.
musical instruments materials;The characteristics of composite materials, felts, glues, leathers and skins, metals and precious metals, woods and wood derivatives to create musical instruments.
supply veterinary medicine;Supply veterinary medicines under the direction of a veterinary surgeon.
apply ICT terminology;Use specific ICT terms and vocabulary in a systematic and consistent manner for documentation and communication purposes.
repair power tools;Provide repair and routine level checks for power tools, such as engine tune-ups, oil changes, repair engine failures, repair mechanical and electrical systems malfunctions or body damage and replace parts and components.
manufacturing of jewellery;The manufacturing of different type of jewellery such as rings or necklaces out of various metal types such as silver, gold, diamond and other precious stones.
knead food products;Perform all kinds of kneading operations of raw materials, half-finished products and foodstuffs.
Taleo;The computer program Taleo is a e-learning platform for creating, administrating, arranging, reporting and delivering e-learning education courses or training programs.
supervise airside performance;Measure and supervise airside performance in accordance with safety and compliance KPIs.
Android (mobile operating systems);The system software Android consists of features, restrictions, architectures and other characteristics of operating systems designed to run on mobile devices.
report anomalies in aircraft interiors;Identify flaws within the interior of aircraft, such as seats and lavatories, etc., and report them to control manager according to safety procedures.
analyse irregular migration;Analyse and assess the systems which are involved in organising or facilitating irregular migration in order to develop strategies to end irregular migration and sanction those facilitating it.
mechatronics;Multidisciplinary field of engineering that combines principles of electrical engineering, telecommunications engineering, control engineering, computer engineering, and mechanical engineering in the design of products and manufacturing processes. The combination of these areas of engineering allows for the design and development of smart devices and the achievement of an optimal balance between mechanical structure and control.
understand written Bosnian;Read and comprehend written texts in Bosnian.
guide operation of heavy construction equipment;Guide a colleague in operating a piece of heavy construction equipment. Follow the operation closely and understand when feedback is called for. Use communication techniques like voice, two-way radio, agreed-upon gestures and whistles to signal the appropriate information to the operator.
work on excavation site;Excavate material evidence of past human activity using hand picks, shovels, brushes, etc.
assess chiropractic intervention;Assess chiropractic interventions based on re-evaluation of the client`s response to treatment.
collect data using GPS;Gather data in the field using Global Positioning System (GPS) devices.
monitor contractor performance;Manage contractor performance and assess whether they are meeting the agreed standard and correct underperformance if needed.
guide performers training sessions;Organise performance training by determining its goals. Supervise the performers training.
handle knives for meat processing activities;Handle knives for meat processing activities. Use the correct knives and cutting instruments for meat preparations, prepared meat products, or meat products made by a butcher.
mark stone workpieces;Mark planes, lines and points onto a stone workpiece to show where material will be removed.
develop pharmaceutical drugs;Develop new therapeutic products according to the potential formulas, studies and indications recorded during the research process which involved also collaboration with physicians, biochemists and pharmacologists.
develop instrumentation systems;Develop control equipment, such as valves, relays, and regulators, which can be used to monitor and control processes. Test the developed equipment.
fill the rubber processing machine;Load the processing machine with the correct raw or semi-processed materials such as rubber, pigment or other chemicals according to the formula specification.
handle broken glass sheets;Handle the damaged glass sheets so that they do not collapse into the kiln by closing the roll of the drawing kiln.
Bible texts;The content and interpretations of the bible texts, its different components, the different types of Bibles, and its history.
make referrals to ophthalmology;Transfer the care of a patient to the ophthalmology service, the branch of medicine that deals with the anatomy, physiology and diseases of the eye.
assure quality of tobacco leaves;Assure quality of tobacco leaves by examining leaves for colour variations, tears, tar spots, tight grain, and size under specifications. Place leaves not suitable for wrapper in separate pile. Fold wrapper leaves into bundles for stripping.
types of perforating machines;The different kinds of perforating machines, such as crown perforators, punching machines, and sweatband perforators.
remove scale from metal workpiece;Remove the accumulated scale, or metal flakes, on the surface of the metal workpiece caused by oxidation after removal from the furnace by spraying it with an oil-based liquid that will cause it to flake off during the forging process.
regulate steam pressure;Regulate steam pressure and temperatures according to specifications.
CAD for garment manufacturing;Softwares of computer aided design for garment manufacturing which allow create 2 or 3 dimensional drawings.
negotiate tourism rates;Reach agreements in tourism sales by discussing services, volumes, discounts and commission rates.
apply various lifting techniques;Use different methods for lifting heavy objects using a crane.
manage time;Plan the time sequence of events, programmes and activities, as well as the work of others.
use e-services;Use public and private online services, such as e-commerce, e-governance, e-banking, e-health services.
post-processing of photographs;The characteristics of software and techniques used in post-processing photographs.
advanced materials;Innovative materials with unique or enhanced properties relative to conventional materials. Advanced materials are developed using specialised processing and synthesis technologies that provide a distinctive advantage in physical or functional performance.
manufacturing of daily use goods;The manufacturing of items used in the daily life, personal use or daily practice. These products include protective safety equipment, drawing equipment, stamps, umbrellas, cigarette lighters, baskets, candles, and many other miscellaneous articles.
assist in maritime rescue operations;Provide assistance during maritime rescue operations.
types of wood chippers;Types of machines used for reducing wood (generally tree limbs or trunks) into smaller woodchips and properties of each.
estimate value of used jewellery and watches;Assess used metal (gold, silver) and gems (diamonds, emeralds) based on age and current market rates.
practise camera movements;Practise operating the camera and the required movements for pre-arranged shots.
prepare horoscopes;Make a prediction of a persons future, analyse a persons character, including talents, compatibility of two persons, the best moment to start a journey or get married, based on that persons birth date and the relative positioning of celestial objects based on astrological interpretation. These forecasts can be daily, weekly or monthly. Use specialised software to draw different types of astrological charts, such as birth charts, transit charts, solar return charts, synastry charts or progressed charts.
provide animal training;Provide training in basic handling, habituation, and obedience to enable the completion of day-to-day tasks while minimising the risks to the animal, the handler, and others.
assemble optoelectronics;Prepare, construct, and assemble optoelectronic components and systems, such as lasers and imaging systems, using soldering, micro-fabrication, and polishing techniques.
perform calorimeter operation;Analyse the heat capacity, physical changes and measure the heat of chemical reactions.
understand spoken Yiddish;Comprehend orally expressed Yiddish.
post-process stone workpiece;Perform operations on a sculpted or engraved stone workpiece to make it resistant to stains, discolouration, and others types of damage.
Hindi;The Hindi language.
develop a collaborative therapeutic relationship;Develop a mutually collaborative therapeutic relationship during treatment, fostering and gaining healthcare users trust and cooperation.
apply hygiene standards;Take personal responsibility to guarantee a safe and non-infectious work and life environment, including the use of masks, disinfectants and general personal hygiene.
operate stationary steam engine;Operate engines which are fixed in place and use power generated by steam to drive equipment, ensuring that the equipment is safe, and monitoring the equipment to identify faults and risks.
work with healthcare users social network;Get involved with the friends, families and other relevant actors important for the client or patient being treated, under the conditions of confidentiality and transparency.
use hand tools to make tobacco products;Use a wide range of hand tools to produce tailored or artisanal tobacco products such as cigars or cigarettes. Use tools such as blades, board with tuckers, tuck moulders, cigar moulds, presses, and packagers.
advise on public image;Advise a client such as a politician, artist or another individual dealing with the public on how to present themselves in a way which would gain most favour from the general public or a target audience.
vehicle-to-everything technologies;Technology that allows vehicles to communicate with other vehicles and traffic system infrastructure around them. This technology is composed of two elements: vehicle-to-vehicle (V2V) which allows vehicles to communicate with one another, and vehicle to infrastructure (V2I) which allows vehicles to communicate with external systems such as streetlights, buildings and cyclists or pedestrians.
transfer varnish;Place the varnish and thinner to the reducing tank using pumps.
establish investment funds;Set up a mutual fund in order to aggregate the funds of a larger number of investors and benefit from the advantages of working as part of a group.
supervise betting operations;Supervise betting activities to ensure that operations are conducted properly. Note irregularities and ensure that all betts are conducted according to law and house rules.
treat contaminated water;Treat contaminated water using a variety of techniques such as lagoons and reed beds.
negotiate with employment agencies;Establish arrangements with employment agencies to organise recruiting activities. Maintain communication with these agencies in order to ensure efficient and productive recruitment with high potential candidates as an outcome.
manage landscape design projects;Make preparations for the development of parks, recreation areas and roadside landscaping. Prepare designs, drawings and specifications for such projects and estimate the costs.
understand spoken Turkish;Comprehend orally expressed Turkish.
manage medication safety issues;Take action to prevent, minimise, resolve and follow-up medicines related problems, maintaining and contributing to a reporting system of pharmacovigilance.
stimulate creative processes;Encourage and foster creative processes from setting up brainstorming sessions, incubating ideas, up to contrasting them with other ideas and undergoing feasibility tests of the prospects.
set up the controller of a machine;Set up and give commands to a machine by dispatching the appropriate data and input into the (computer) controller corresponding with the desired processed product.
prepare alcoholic beverages;Make and serve alcoholic beverages according to the customers wants.
use metal bending techniques;Perform bending techniques in order to shape metal sheets into parts used in the manufacture of objects.
test solid discharges from oil centrifuge;Continuously test solid discharges after the oil is centrifuges to ensure that the centrifuges are set for best performance.
understand spoken Ukrainian;Comprehend orally expressed Ukrainian.
develop communicable disease control policies;Develop policies, guidelines, operational research, and strategies for the control of infectious diseases that can be transferred from human to human or from animal to human.
labour market;The trends, functioning, and fluctuations of the labour market, career options, wages, unions, working population and the supply and demand of certain professions in a sector.
female reproductive system pathology;The diseases of the female reproductive system, such as ovary, vulva and vaginal cancers, pelvic inflammatory disease, ovarian cysts and diseases of the placenta.
category specific expertise;The features and specificities relevant to one or more categories of supplies, services or works, including suppliers, technical parameters and market conditions.
biomedical engineering;The biomedical engineering processes used to create medical devices, prostheses and in treatments.
install water purity mechanism;Install different types of mechanisms that prevent impurities from getting into the recovered water. Install micron filters and membranes to filter out debris and prevent mosquitoes from entering the water supply. Place ball mechanisms to filter out the first flush from rooftop rainwater.
gather reference materials for artwork;Gather samples of the materials you expect to use in the creation process, especially if the desired piece of art necessitates the intervention of qualified workers or specific production processes.
compile statistical data for insurance purposes;Produce statistics on potential risks such as natural and technical disasters and production downtimes.
manage recycling program budget;manage the annual recycling program and respective budget of an organisation.
define technical requirements;Specify technical properties of goods, materials, methods, processes, services, systems, software and functionalities by identifying and responding to the particular needs that are to be satisfied according to customer requirements.
Teradata Database;The computer program Teradata Database is a tool for creating, updating and managing databases, developed by the software company Teradata Corporation.
screen clients of escort services;Evaluate personal information and appearance of the client in order to verify that they do not pose a threat.
utilise cross-selling;Apply sales techniques to sell additional products or services to current customers.
manage recreational facility;Manage the daily operations of a cultural facility. Organise all activities and coordinate the different departments functioning within a cultural facility. Develop a plan of action and arrange the necessary funds.
analyse network bandwidth requirements;Study the requirements on the transmission capacity of an ICT network or other telecommunication system.
Czech;The Czech language.Czech is an official and working language of the EU.
collect financial data;Gather, organise, and combine financial data for their interpretation and analysis in order to predict possible financial scenarios and performance of a company or project.
development trends in radiography;The current techniques and developments in radiography and medical imaging.
treat pain for veterinary patients;Select, administer and monitor analgesics in animals.
stamp V-belts;Stamp the V-belts with the brand identification information by pushing the lever to rotate the spindles, the length of the belt being recorded on gauge.
musical instrument accessories;The process of creating musical instrument accessories, such as metronomes, tuning forks or stands.
apply specific manual chiropractic techniques;Strive to decrease pain caused by neuro-muscular system dysfunction by using specific muscle tissue and joints adjustment and or general manipulation/mobilization.
provide anger management counselling;Help clients overcome anger issues by using anger management techniques such as keeping an anger journal or an anger plan.
control glass fibres flow;Control and adjust the parameters to maintain the appropriate pressure, temperature and flow rate of the molten fibreglass through the spray jets.
maintain tanks for viticulture;Clean and sanitise the interior of tanks and hoses using chemicals. Remove and install manhole covers from the top of the tank, and tank fans made of solid or expanded metal. Wash the exterior of tanks using chemical cleaning agents. Sanitise and sterilise fermenting and fortifying tanks and railroad tank cars, using an air hose and soda ash.
revise translation works;Compare and perform bilingual editing by reading the translated work and comparing it to the original text.
parts pricing;The prices of vehicle parts on the market from various suppliers and their trends.
supervise art gallery staff;supervise the activities and performance of art gallery employees
restore antique clocks;Bring back antique clocks to their original or a refurbished state, by repairing or replacing defect components, cleaning and oiling parts and checking for accuracy of time-keeping.
dismantle scaffolding;Safely dismantle a scaffolding structure according to a plan and in the set order.
understand written Slovenian;Read and comprehend written texts in Slovenian.
communicate schedules to the people concerned;Convey relevant scheduling information. Present the schedule to the persons concerned, and inform them of any schedule changes. Approve the schedules and verify that everyone has understood the information sent to them.
communicate information during sport game;Use a range of communication strategies to provide adapted information as an official to sport competitors and participants. Minimise conflict and deal with disagreement effectively. Take into consideration the sport competition environment and the social perceptiveness of the audience when formulating the message.
motivate fitness clients;Positively interact with and motivate fitness clients to participate in regular physical activity and promote fitness exercise as a part of a healthy lifestyle.
ensure compliance with disclosure criteria of accounting information;Revise the accounting information of the company to make sure it meets the commonly agreed criteria for its disclosure such as understandability, relevance, consistency, comparability, reliability, and objectivity.
Lean project management;The lean project management approach is a methodology for planning, managing and overseeing of ICT resources in order to meet specific goals and using project management ICT tools.
implement quality control procedures for biomedical tests;Follow quality control procedures, both internal and external, to make sure results from biomedical tests are accurate.
manage grape harvest;Hire and supervise picking crew and ensure safe operation of vineyard harvest equipment.
influence of adjuvant treatment on radiotherapy;The influence of adjuvant treatment such as surgery and chemotherapy on radiotherapy dose prescription, timing of radiotherapy and post radiotherapy complications.
orthotic devices;The types of devices used for support such as braces, arch supports and joints.
sell ammunition;Sell ammunition for general use to customers, according to national legislation and safety requirements.
perform a feasibility study on biomass systems;Perform the evaluation and assessment of the potential of a biomass installation. Realise a standardised study to determine the costs, restrictions, and available components and conduct research to support the process of decision making.
manage open publications;Be familiar with Open Publication strategies, with the use of information technology to support research, and with the development and management of CRIS (current research information systems) and institutional repositories. Provide licensing and copyright advice, use bibliometric indicators, and measure and report research impact.
tabulate survey results;Collate and organise the answers gathered in interviews or polls in order to be analysed and draw conclusions from them.
program lift controller;Configure the lift controller to make sure the lift operates correctly and efficiently. Set the desired operating mode for one lift or for lift group operation.
supervise cage net systems;Supervise cage net changing and net repairs. Maintain and clean floats and mooring ropes.
pass dental instruments;Pass the appropriate dental instruments to dentists as requested and in a timely manner, employing proper techniques and dexterity in passing these materials to and retrieving them from the dentist.
crime victims needs;Set of needs required to protect victims of crimes such as respectful treatment, legal recognition, protection from harm during court or criminal investigations, psychological assistance, access to justice and compensation.
dispose food waste;Dispose or collect food waste with the purpose of recycling or throwing away from the production process. Follow established procedures for their disposal taking care of the environment and the safety matters according to legislations.
program home alarm systems;Select the right settings for the specific situation where the alarm system will operate. Set up zones with different policies if called for. Define how the system will be armed and disarmed. Choose actions to take if the system is triggered, and select various other settings.
identify ICT system weaknesses;Analyse the system and network architecture, hardware and software components and data in order to identify weaknesses and vulnerability to intrusions or attacks. Execute diagnostic operations on cyber infrastructure including research, identification, interpretation and categorization of vulnerabilities, associated attacks and malicious code (e.g. malware forensics and malicious network activity). Compare indicators or observables with requirements and review logs to identify evidence of past intrusions.
order optical supplies;Order optical equipment and materials, paying attention to the price, quality, and suitability of the supplies.
sustainable building materials;The types of building material which minimize the negative impact of the building on the external environment, throughout their whole life cycle.
tend flammable mixture machines;Tend the machines and equipment used for flammable mixture production such as igniter or traces powders.
develop design concept;Research information to develop new ideas and concepts for the design of a specific production. Read scripts and consult directors and other production staff members, in order to develop design concepts and plan productions.
wood caulking processes;The various processes of filling the seams of wooden boats in order to make them watertight such as using cotton and oakam, hot pitch or marine sealants.
match vehicles with routes;Match types of vehicles to transport routes, taking into consideration service frequency, peak transport times, service area covered, and road conditions.
design open spaces;Design social areas and open spaces working in cooperation with communities, clients and other professionals.
determine itineraries of bulk trucks;Provide loading and transportation itineraries for bulk trucks along given orders.
work independently on exhibitions;Work autonomously on the development of a framework for artistic projects such as locations and workflows.
apply spray foam insulation;Spray foam insulation, usually polyurethane, to fill a space.
homeopathy;The alternative medicine whereby pills or liquid mixtures containing only a little of an active ingredient (usually a plant or mineral) can treat a disease.
prepare surface for plastering;Prepare the wall or other surface to be plastered. Make sure the wall is free of impurities and moisture, and is not too smooth as this will prevent proper adherence of the plastering materials. Decide whether an adhesive wall coating is called for, especially if the wall is damp or very porous.
attach accessories to tile;Use silicone to securely attach accessories, such as soap holders, to tile. Paste silicone onto the accessory and press it firmly against the tile. Hold it in place to dry if necessary.
plan scaffolding;Plan the construction of the scaffolding, based on the nature of the project, the environment, and the available resources. Apply knowledge of scaffolding standards and load bearing properties of the components and joints to make a decision on the structure of the build. Develop adequate and comprehensive instructions to put up the scaffolding construction.
teach geoscience;Instruct students in the theory and practice of geoscience or earth sciences, and more specifically in topics such as geology, meteorology, oceanography, and astronomy.
court procedures;The regulations which are in place during the investigation of a court case and during a court hearing, and of how these events occur.
properties of fabrics;"The influence of chemical composition and molecular arrangement of yarn and fibre properties and fabric structure on the physical properties of textile fabrics; the different fibre types, their physical and chemical characteristics and different material characteristics; the materials used in different processes and the effect on materials as they are processed. "
plan multi-agenda event;Organise events and programmes which deliver content for multiple groups in parallel.
prepare performance training session;Prepare a training session for performers. Take into account the training goal, the training space, and performers health and safety.
study a collection;Research and trace the origins and the historical significance of collections and archive content.
critically evaluate information and its sources;Be able to evaluate and analyse information and its sources. Demonstrate the ability to access and have a critical understanding of both traditional and new forms of media and their role and function in democratic societies.
support ICT system users;Communicate with end users, instruct them on how to progress with tasks, use ICT support tools and methods to solve problems and identify possible side effects and provide solutions.
disassemble engines;Disassemble internal combustion engines, generators, pumps, transmissions and other components of mechanical equipment.
coordinate cutting room in footwear manufacturing;Coordinate the flow of materials and footwear components. Manage orders and organise the activity of the cutting room. Distribute machinery, operations and workers. Manage and optimise production and materials. Divide and organise pieces and components according to the footwear model or size and send them directly to the closing room or to the warehouse. Organise in-process quality control.
promote animals;Provide information to potential animal adopters about the animals in the shelter. Take pictures of the animals, describe their characteristics and put the profiles on a web site if applicable.
ayurveda medicine;The traditional Indian medical system involving a holistic approach. This includes various remedies and techniques to promote wellness and treat illnesses and ailments.
assemble mechatronic units;Assemble mechatronic units using mechanical, pneumatic, hydraulic, electrical, electronic, and information technology systems and components. Manipulate and attach metals through using welding and soldering techniques, glue, screws, and rivets. Install wiring. Install drive systems, sensors, actuators, and transducers. Mount switches, control devices, coverings, and protection.
manage vehicle fleet;Possess an overview of the vehicle fleet of a company in order to determine what vehicles are available and suitable for the provision of transport services.
change power distribution systems;Review procedures, schedules and databases to identify and recommend changes in existing power distribution systems in order to meet operational requirements and regulations.
monitor tamping car;Monitor the work train car that tamps railway ballast to ensure stability. Report or take action if any problem occurs.
advise on contact lense maintenance;Advise patients on how to clean and wear contact lenses to maximise lifespan and minimise risk of complications.
operate die-cut machines;Operate machinery to cut paper products into a pattern, which is folded and glued into a certain shape.
types of thread;Types of thread, such as unified thread, metric thread, square thread, ACME thread, buttress thread and their qualities and applications. 
prepare fruits and vegetables for pre-processing;Perform basic preparations of fruits and vegetables such as inspecting, cleaning, sorting and grading. Examples include the selection of fruits and vegetables that are adequate to be processed and the elimination of those of inadequate quality.
types of music therapies;The different types of music therapies such as active, receptive and functional music therapy.
interact verbally in Kurdish;Communicate orally in ?Kurdish.
set transport targets;Set transport targets and ensure that employees and operations meet their targets.
use mathematical tools and equipment;Use portable electronic device to perform both basic and complex operations of arithmetic.
secure heavy construction equipment;Secure heavy equipment such as tower cranes or concrete pumps before, during, and after use to prevent damage to the machines, workforce or construction site. Take precautionary steps such as retracting the robotic arm of concrete pumps or bringing the hook block back to the jib.
post-process meat;Develop meat products as a result of various processing methods such as cured meat cuts, raw-fermented sausages, dried meat products, etc.
wash stone;Wash the stone chips obtained while drilling, by using water hose.
materials for interior design;Varieties and functionalities of interior materials and pieces of furniture, equipment and fixtures.
skin types;The different skin types, such as dry, normal, oily, and sensitive.
pathology;The components of a disease, the cause, mechanisms of development, morphologic changes, and the clinical consequences of those changes.
loading charts for transportation of goods;Understand the information displayed in loading charts showing the weight of shipments loaded in trailers. Read loading charts for the transport of larger items, dangerous materials or shipments that need special care.
cope with decompression;Ascend from a dive in stages or slowly according to a decompression plan in order to give the body time to adapt to the lowered pressure. Prevent the buildup of dissolved gases in living tissue, as well as other symptoms linked to rapid ascent, collectively known as decompression sickness or the bends.
manage health and safety;Manage the overall health, safety and sustainability policies and their application on an organisation wide scale.
create patterns for textile products;Create a two-dimensional model used to cut the material for textile products such as tents and bags, or for individual pieces needed for upholstery work.
meet productivity targets;Devise methods to determine improvement in productivity, adjusting the goals to be reached and the necessary time and resources.
operate drilling equipment;Operate a range of drilling equipment, pneumatic as well as electrical and mechanical. Tend drilling equipment, monitor and operate it, according to regulations. Safely and efficiently drill holes using the correct equipment, settings, and drill bits.
test raw minerals;Take samples of mineral materials for testing purposes. Execute various chemical and physical tests on the materials.
build contacts to maintain news flow;Build contacts to maintain a flow of news, for example, police and emergency services, local council, community groups, health trusts, press officers from a variety of organisations, the general public, etc.
Agile development;The agile development model is a methodology to design software systems and applications.
assemble telecommunications devices;Put together the parts and components of devices using technological methods for the transmission and reception of information.
instruct in sport;Provide appropriate technical and tactical instruction related to the given sport using varied and sound pedagogical approaches to meet the needs of the participants and achieve the desired objectives. This requires skills such as communication, explanation, demonstration, modelling, feedback, questioning and correction.
textile printing technology;Addition of colour partially, according to the designed pattern, onto textile based materials. Processes for adding coloured patterns onto textile materials using printing machines and techniques (rotary of flat bed screen printing or others, heat transfer, inkjet, etc.).
evaluate potential end-user conflicts;Assess potential conflicts with other interested parties with regard to environmental impacts of aquaculture and conflicts of interest with other coastal zone users.
dye hair;Dye hair using a special solution to change its colour.
provide feedback to performers;Highlight positive points of a performance, as well as areas requiring improvement. Encourage discussion and propose avenues of exploration. Ensure performers are committed to following up on feedback.
taste cocoa beans;Taste cocoa beans after roasting and make sure that there are no raw or burned flavours.
embryology;The normal development of the embryo, the aetiology of developmental anomalies such as genetic aspects and organogenesis and the natural history of abnormalities diagnosed before birth.
manage artistic career;Present and promote ones artistic approach and position ones work in target markets.
advise on legislative acts;Advise officials in a legislature on the propositioning of new bills and the consideration of items of legislation.
integrated pest management;An integrated approach to the prevention and/or suppression of organisms harmful to plants that aims to keep the use of pesticides and other forms of intervention only to levels that are economically and ecologically justified and which reduce or minimise risks for the human health and the environment.
textile techniques;Have a thorough understanding of textile processing techniques.
types of whisks;Types of whisks such as balloon whisks, french whisks, flat whisks, spiral whisks and more their function.
drive at high speeds;Drive motorised vehicles at high speeds in a safe manner.
advise on sustainability solutions;Advise companies on solutions to develop sustainable production processes, improve material efficiency and reuse and reduce carbon footprint.
kinesiology;The study of human movement, performance and function, the sciences of biomechanics, anatomy, physiology and neuroscience.
types of tyres;Different types of rubber coverings and inflated tubes used for specific vehicles and weather conditions such as winter and summer tyres, performance tyres, truck or tractor tyres.
show samples of wall and floor coverings;"Display various samples of rugs, curtains and wall coverings; show customer the full variety in colour, texture and quality."
analyse goal progress;Analyse the steps which have been taken in order to reach the organisations goals in order to assess the progress which has been made, the feasibility of the goals, and to ensure the goals can be met according to deadlines.
communicate performance aspects;Use body gestures to shape the music, communicating desired tempo, phrasing, tone, colour, pitch, volume, and other live performance aspects.
interact verbally in Polish;Communicate orally in Polish.
ensure compliance with radiation protection regulations;Make sure the company and the employees implement the legal and operational measures established to guarantee protection against radiation.
adjust liquefaction temperature;Adjust the thermostat to obtain the temperature that it is according to specifications required for wax liquefaction.
work in a water transport team;Work confidently in a group in water transport services, in which each individual operates in their own area of responsibility to reach a common goal, such as a good customer interaction, maritime safety, and ship maintenance.
package microelectromechanical systems;Integrate the microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) into microdevices through assembly, joining, fastening, and encapsulation techniques. Packaging allows for the support and protection of the integrated circuits, printed circuit boards, and associate wire bonds.
communicate price changes;"Transparent, straightforward and effective communication with all departments involved; clearly communicate about price changes and their possible consequences."
standards for web-based e-learning;The standards and specifications used for web-based e-learning, such as Sharable Content Object Reference Model (SCORM), which define communications between client side content and a host system supported by a learning management system.
types of pulp;Kinds of pulp are distinguished based on their fibre type and the specific chemical processes through which they were created.
photoengraving;Processes for engraving metal film masks to be used to protect and coat plates for various printing processes. Cut the masking material and select the correct colour using the photomechanical method.
occultism;The study of occult arts or practices, the belief in supernatural powers. These practices include alchemy, spiritualism, religion, magic and divination.
use body adornment equipment;Use hand tools and machines to decorate peoples bodies, such as needles, brushes, tattoo machines or scalpels, depending on the kind of adornment.
work independently in agriculture;Perform tasks individually in livestock and animal production services by taking decisions without help. Handle tasks and tackle with issues or problems without any outside assistance.
maintain check-out area cleanliness;Keep check-out areas in a clean and orderly condition.
neutralise sugar liquors;Add acids or bases to neutralise converted sugar liquors. Verify the concentration using a pH meter.
types of alarm systems;Characteristics, price, workings and installation of various alarm systems such as landline, cellular or broadband, wired or wireless.
manage the general ledger;Enter data and revise the adequate maintenance of general ledgers in order to follow up on the financial transactions of the company, and other non routine transactions such as depreciation.
keep up with current trends in psychotherapy;Keep up with current trends and debates in mental health services, being aware of changes in social, cultural, and political thinking about psychotherapy and of the interplay of various theories. Stay informed about increases in the demand for counselling and psychotherapies, and be aware of evidence-based research, the appropriate measurement tools for psychotherapy, and the need for research.
food and beverage industry;The respective industry and the processes involved in the food and beverage industry, such as raw material selection, processing, packaging, and storage.
design weirs;Envision and design weirs considering calculations, project purpose, and budget.
negotiate exploitation rights;Negotiate with the creator the rights to communicate a work to the public and to reproduce it.
load timber onto a skidder;Load timber onto the skidder. Move trees and timber to an accumulation point and unload it for processing.
provide health psychological treatment advice;Provide treatment advice to persons and groups of persons of all ages in relation to the various aspects of mental health related risk behaviours such as diet, exercise, substance abuse, stress management.
build business relationships;Establish a positive, long-term relationship between organisations and interested third parties such as suppliers, distributors, shareholders and other stakeholders in order to inform them of the organisation and its objectives.
maintain safe engineering watches;Observe principles in keeping an engineering watch. Take over, accept and hand over a watch. Perform routine duties undertaken during a watch. Maintain the machinery space logs and the significance of the readings taken. Observe safety and emergency procedures. Observe safety precautions during a watch and take immediate actions in the event of fire or accident, with particular reference to oil systems.
remove excess glue;Remove surplus of glue with a scraper.
phonetics;The physical properties of speech sounds such as how their are produced, their acoustic properties and neurophysiological status.
position glass on trays;Position the glass on the specific kiln trays using the tongs.
customer relationship management;The customer-oriented management approach and basic principles of successful customer relations that focus on interactions with customers such as technical support, customer services, after-sales support and direct communication with the customer.
harness horses to carriage;Hitch the horse(s) to the carriage by correctly fastening the reins and rigging ropes.
stuff toys;Fill toys made of textile with mushy materials such as straw, cotton, synthetic fiber or wood wool.
set up follow spots;Set up and test follow spots in different types of locations.
arrange customs documents;Make sure goods have the proper documentation and information to pass customs.
horticulture principles;The standard horticultural practices, including but not limited to planting, pruning, corrective pruning, and fertilisation.
safely handle metal wire under tension;Handle fabricated, drawn metal wire safely by calculating the risks and dangers of its unreliable nature due to spring force and resilience.
route correspondence to business departments;Classify incoming correspondence, select priority mails and packages, and distribute them in the different departments of the company.
office furniture products;The offered office furniture products, its functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
thread wire;String wire into the binding machine.
apply health and safety standards;Adhere to standards of hygiene and safety established by respective authorities.
manage chronic health conditions;Identify and use ways to minimise negative effects of chronic health conditions, including the use of seeing, hearing and walking aids, appropriate medications and adequate social and medical support.
budget for financial needs;Observe the status and availability of funds for the smooth running of projects or operations in order to foresee and estimate the quantity of future financial resources.
maintenance of printing machines;Upkeep procedures and technical working of machines that produce printed graphical material.
adjust manufacturing equipment;Regulate and monitor the manufacturing equipment settings and process parameters, such as its temperature and power level. Review the manufacturing process and equipment and suggest improvements.
supervise daily library operations;Supervise daily library processes and operations. Budgeting, planning, and personnel activities such as hiring, training, scheduling, and performance evaluations.
test beauty products;Test products such as skin cream, make-up or other beauty products in order to assess their efficiency and formula compliance.
VBScript;The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in VBScript.
interact verbally in Macedonian;Communicate orally in Macedonian.
manage water flows and catchments;Manage water flows and catchments in ponds, lagoons and sluices.
advise on childbirth;Provide information to the mother-to-be related to the childbirth procedures in order to be prepared and know what to expect.
liaise with animal welfare agencies;Liaise with animal welfare agencies about the animals conditions and situation in order to comply with regulations and gain insight regarding the next steps that should be taken. Negotiate an end result on how to fix the situation.
guide cranes;Guide a crane operator in operating the crane. Stay in contact with the operator visually, vocally, or using communication equipment to make sure the crane operation is completed in a safe and efficient manner.
maintain system layout for a production;Establish a workable layout for the system you manage and maintain it for the duration of a production.
heat lacquer mixture;Heat the prepared mixture in order to obtain the wax on the top of the solution.
monitor powdered ingredients;Monitor the batch and the ingredients, ensuring the weights and measures are conforming to the specified formula.
ensure legal accreditation for forwarding agent operations;"Ensure legal accreditation for forwarding agent operations; ensure compliance with regulations local customs authorities and border agencies; follow up on annual requirements."
reed sensors;Sensors that detect the separation of multiple magnetic components, often used to detect the opening of doors and windows for burglary prevention.
explain features of electrical household appliances;Present and explain the characteristics and features of household equipment such as refrigerators, washing machines and vacuum cleaners. Explain brand differentiation, performance and durability.
produce meat-based jelly preparations;Making gelée preparations with salted, and heated materials. Boil added ingredients in gelée and fill bowels or forms (aspic).
develop ICT safety information;Create warning messages such as dialog boxes, in-place message, notification or balloon that alerts the user of a condition that might cause a problem in the future and provide safety information according to standards under usage of international signal words.
floral composition techniques;The different ways of combining flowers and plants, according to ornamental techniques.
perforate printed media;Use tools to create small holes or series of holes in printed material in order to allow easy separation from designated sections of the printed output.
align antennae with receiving dishes;Align antennae with receiving dishes to obtain the clearest signal for transmission of broadcasts from field locations.
administer immunotherapy;Adjust immunotherapy dose and manage complications.
coordinate transport staff training;Coordinate staff training in relation to modification of routes, schedules, or new procedures they must follow in the course of their duties.
pack fragile items for transportation;Pack fragile items such as glass panes or glass objects using the appropriate boxes and cushioning materials such as air-encapsulated plastic or customised foam enclosures to make sure the content will not move during transportation.
conservation agriculture;The techniques, methods and principles that promote a sustainable use of land and soil in crop production. It is based on the three principles of permanent soil cover, minimum soil disturbance, and diversification of plant species.
interact verbally in Japanese;Communicate orally in Japanese.
maintain hatchery records;Maintain hatchery production records and inventory accurately, including the preparation of health documents for the transport of juveniles.
power engineering;Subdiscipline of energy and electrical engineering which specialises in the generation, transmission, distribution, and usage of electrical power through the connection of electrical devices to motors, generators, and transformers, such as an AC-DC power adapter.
manage manufacturing documentation;Manage the reports and technical documentation such as Standard Operating Procedures or logbooks, by writing and reviewing them, capturing and eliminating any deviation and ambiguity.
apply tile adhesive;Apply the tile adhesive, often thinset, to the surface. Load the notch trowel with adhesive and paste it to the wall to form a thin, even layer. Take the drying time of the material and your working speed into account to make sure the adhesive does not dry out. Remove excess adhesive. Apply silicone or mastic along the edges, anywhere slight movement is expected, or for improved moisture resistance.
create a financial report;Finalise project accounting. Prepare an actual budget, compare the discrepancy between the planned and actual budget, and draw final conclusions.
radiopharmaceuticals;The medication containing radioisotopes, used for treating cancer.
present decorative drink displays;Show drinks in the most attractive way and develop decorative drink displays.
handwriting analysis;Types of approaches to analysing handwriting in order to identify a person and their personality.
prevent damage to electrical devices on board;"Protect on board electrical equipment; identify anomalies and malfunctions in the electro-technology of vessels."
take affidavits;Take affidavits and confirm the veracity of the written sworn statements presented by natural persons on a voluntary basis.
repair overhead power lines;Identify damage and perform the required repairs, as well as perform routine maintenance, to overhead power lines and transmission towers used in the transmission and distribution of electrical energy.
traffic engineering;The subdiscipline of civil engineering that applies engineering methods to create safe and efficient traffic flows of people and goods on roadways, including sidewalks, traffic lights, and cycle facilities.
escort defendants;Escort suspects and known offenders from one area to another, such as in a prison or from a cell to a courtoom, to ensure they do not escape, that they are not violent, or otherwise exceed the limits of acceptable behaviour, as well as to be able to respond to any emergencies.
test computer hardware;Test computer hardware systems and components using appropriate equipment. Gather and analyse data. Monitor and evaluate system performance and take action if needed.
provide clinical chiropractic neurology;Apply advanced knowledge, skills and competences of clinical neurology to chiropractic techniques and principles to provide specialised chiropractic service to patient with safe, clinically appropriate, and highly professional standard.
lead disaster recovery exercises;Head exercises which educate people on what to do in case of an unforeseen disastrous event in the functioning or security of ICT systems, such as on recovery of data, protection of identity and information and which steps to take in order to prevent further problems.
apply systemic therapy;Conduct therapy, not addressing people on a strictly individual level but as people in relationships, dealing with the interactions of groups and their interactive patterns and dynamics.
polymerisation;Polymerisation is a chemical process which has as output the creation of polymers or polymeric compounds by combining smaller molecules called monomers.
ecosystems;The characteristics of the system where living organisms co-habitate and interact with non-living elements.
computer technology;Computers, computer networks and other information technologies and equipment that can store, retrieve, transmit and manipulate data.
prepare infant formulae;Mix infant formula with water following specified proportions.
assume responsibility for the management of a business;Adopt and assume the responsibility that entails running a business, prioritising the interest of its owners, the societal expectation, and the welfare of employees.
Hungarian;The Hungarian language. Hungarian is an official working language of the EU.
keep up with language evolution;Study the evolution of the language and integrate language changes into the performance of job activities.
manage financial transactions of fuel station;"Report fuel transactions and supplies purchases; operate computerised cash registers; process credit card transactions and cash purchases; compose balance sheets; operate cash drawers and carry out cash deposits."
complete evaluation forms of calls;"Make up evaluation forms of calls; cover subjects such as client services, risk management, legal compliance, etc."
design drill programmes;"Schedule drilling activities; monitor production flow rate."
create weather maps;Make graphic weather maps for specific areas containing information such as temperature, air pressure, and rain belts.
identify ICT user needs;Determine the needs and requirements of ICT users of a specific system by applying analytical methods, such as target group analysis.
advise customers on storage of fruits and vegetables;Provide advice to customers on their request concerning the storage of fruit and vegetables.
marketing principles;The principles of managing the relationship between consumers and products or services for the purpose of increasing sales and improving advertising techniques.
assist in fund management;Prepare the implementation of the investment fund managers decisions and make suggestions on management-related topics such as the development of financial products or the introduction of new sales channels.
coordinate transport fleet;"Coordinate and supervise transport fleet in all of its traffic functions; maintain service levels while keeping costs at a minimum."
software interaction design;The methodologies for designing interaction between users and a software product or service to satisfy the needs and preferences of most of the people who will interface with the product and to simplify the communication between product and user such as Goal-oriented design.
report pollution incidents;When an incident causes pollution, examine the extent of the damage and what the consequences could be and report it relevant institution following pollution reporting procedures.
laboratory-based sciences;Laboratory based sciences such as biology, chemistry, physics, integrated science or advanced laboratory science.
assess performance in sport events;Assess performance following sport events and competitions, identify strengths and weaknesses, provide feedback to the coaching and supporting team, and make suggestions or adjustments to improve future performance.
footwear creation process;Footwear creation projects starting from inspiration to technical design and manufacturing by following several stages. Latest trends in footwear materials, components, processes, and concepts.
plan food plant production activities;Prepare food plant production plans by scheduling the main activities within agreed budgetary and service levels. Foresee realistic times and costs required for the production activities taking productivity and efficiency into account.
communicate by telephone;Liaise via telephone by making and answering calls in a timely, professional and polite manner.
maintain microelectromechanical systems;Diagnose and detect malfunctions in microelectromechanical systems (MEMS) and remove, replace, or repair these components when necessary. Execute preventative equipment maintenance tasks, such as storing the components in clean, dust-free, and non-humid spaces.
match coffee grind to coffee type;Using different coffee grinding procedures and preparation methods.
integrate Committee on Safe Seas guidelines into inspections;Keep abreast of the guidelines provided by the Committee on Safe Seas and the Prevention of Pollution from Ships (COSS). Integrate their guidelines into inspection exercises.
clean up spilled oil;Safely clean up and dispose of spilled oil.
feed concrete mixer;Feed the concrete mixer with cement, sand, water, rock or other required materials using the shovel, making sure the specifications are met.
identify risks of ship activities;Identify risks that accompany ship activities, and the effectiveness of the risk assessment and control measures in place on the vessel.
penetration testing tool;The specialised ICT tools which test security weaknesses of the system for potentially unauthorised access to system information such as Metasploit, Burp suite and Webinspect.
establish connections with young people;Build positive, non-judgemental relationships with young people by being open, tolerant and non-judgemental.
take room service orders;Accept room service orders and redirect them to the responsible employees.
maintain theatre sets;Install, check, maintain and repair stages and sets.
develop a choreographic work;Draw on your imagination to develop new choreographic work. Identify one or several key ideas and develop them. Generate artistic content and create movement sequences. Orchestrate the components of the work and finalise it.
recommend personalised optical products to customers;Recommend and provide advice on customer-specific glasses, contact lenses and other optical products.
metalworking tools;The equipment and tools used in metalworking processes, such as welding or soldering torches, saws, deburring files, and metal drills.
demonstrate products features;Demonstrate how to use a product in a correct and safe manner, provide customers with information on the products main features and benefits, explain operation, correct use and maintenance. Persuade potential customers to purchase items.
maintain clocks;Clean and remove grease from clock and watch components, apply oil to hinges, adjust components, and store them in a waterproof space.
monitor vehicle fleet operations;"Monitor the operations of the vehicle fleet; track delays and identify repair needs; analyse fleet information to develop and implement improvement actions."
maintain stock control systems;Keep stock control systems up to date and ensure inventory accuracy.
plan transport operations;"Plan mobility and transport for different departments, in order to obtain the best possible movement of equipment and materials. Negotiate the best possible delivery rates; compare different bids and select the most reliable and cost-effective bid."
treat facial hair;Shape, trim or shave beards and moustaches, using scissors and razors.
monitor airworthiness certifications;Monitor airworthiness certifications and ensure they are carried out by persons who are properly authorised, and that the certifications undertaken are for the purpose of meeting the requirements of applicable airworthiness regulations.
decide on fragrance titles;Create the fragrance titles so that they reflect the smell of the newly developed fragrance.
apply foreign languages in hospitality;Use the mastery of foreign languages orally or written in the hospitality sector in order to communicate with colleagues, customers or guests.
Oracle Relational Database;The computer program Oracle Rdb is a tool for creating, updating and managing databases, developed by the software company Oracle.
hot forging;The metalworking process of forging whilst the hot metal is right above its recrystallisation temperature after casting and being solidified.
design hair style;Design the styles of hair based on the preference of the customer or on the creative vision of the director.
coffee characteristics;The origins and types of coffee and the processes of coffee preparation, production and trade.
follow ethical code of conduct in tourism;Carry out touristic services according to accepted principles of right and wrong. This includes fairness, transparency and impartiality.
apply knowledge of social sciences and humanities;Demonstrate an understanding of the nature, plurality and function of social and political groups, and their relation with the socioeconomic dimension of the society. Understand the role and place of individuals in society.
standard sizing systems for clothing;Standard sizing systems for clothing developed by different countries. Differences among the systems and standards of different countries, the development of the systems according to the evolution of the shape of the human body and their usage in the clothing industry.
supervise speech and language team;Supervise newly qualified speech and language therapists and assistants.
provide customer follow-up services;Register, follow-up, solve and respond to customer requests, complaints and after-sales services.
distribution of heating cooling and hot water;The design principles of water distribution systems for heating, cooling and domestic hot water and the relation with insulation, energy saving by optimal hydraulic design. The nature of energy loss in these systems caused by heat transfer, pressure loss (resistance of tubes and valves) and electrical power for pumps and valves.
electronic communication;Data communication performed through digital means such as computers, telephone or e-mail.
program artistic productions;Put up a complete season planning. Meet all requirements in terms of resources, budget and staff, both overall and per production. Ensure compliance with the limits of personnel required by the business direction.
operate edge banding machinery;Operate machines and equipment used to cover materials such as wood with a protective layer.
be friendly to passengers;Engage with passengers according to the expectations of contemporary social behaviour, the specific situation, and the code of conduct of the organisation. Communicate in a polite and clear way.
press law;The laws concerning the licensing of books and the freedom of expression in all products of the media.
ensure flights run to schedule;"Monitor the departure and arrival times of aircraft; ensure that flights run on time."
microscopic techniques;The techniques, functions and limitations of microscopy to visualise objects that cannot be seen with the normal eye.
COBOL;The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in COBOL.
utilise decision support system;Use the available ICT systems that can be used to support business or organisational decision making.
agritourism;Aspects of agritourism involving agriculturally based activities to bring visitors to a farm.
ensure material compliance;Ensure that the materials provided by suppliers comply with the specified requirements.
be in touch with your body;The key aspects of applied anatomy, psychology, nutrition, physiology, and psychosocial studies and how they relate to the self-awareness of ones body. 
edit photographs;Resize, enhance and retouche photographs, using airbrushing, editing software and other techniques.
deliver correspondence;Distribute mail correspondence, newspapers, packages and private messages to customers.
maintain control systems for automated equipment;Check, maintain and repair electrical and electronic elements. Check and update software of automated equipment.
design a mini wind power system;Design the mini wind power system, including batteries and power inverters, in coherence with other power supply sources, and the construction strength for placing mini turbine.
advise on licencing procedures;Advise individuals or organisations on the procedures involved in requesting a specific licence, instructing them on the necessary documentation, the application verification process, and licence eligibility.
attach clock dials;Attach dials or clock faces to clocks or watches.
protect ICT devices;Protect devices and digital content, and understand risks and threats in digital environments. Know about safety and security measures and have due regard to reliability and privacy. Make use of tools and methods which maximise security of ICT devices and information by controlling access, such as passwords, digital signatures, biometry, and protecting systems such as firewall, antivirus, spam filters.
understand the conceptual dimension of a live performance;Identify the main ideas of a live performance work by analysing choreographic sequences and the emphasis placed on different components of the work. Detect references of a literary, visual, philosophical, or scientific nature.
circus dramaturgy;Understand how a circus show is composed.
tend riveting machine;Tend a metalworking machine designed to join metal pieces by automatically shooting mechanical fasteners, rivets, into them, monitor and operate it according to regulations.
compare roasted grains to a standard;Match colour, moisture content, hardness and other characteristics of roasted grain with colour of standard sample.
direct fundraising activities;Plan and direct fundraising, sponsoring and promotional activities.
conduct radiotherapy computer planning;Produce a three-dimensional plan of the distribution of radiation across the anatomical area to be treated.
hand props to actors;Hand the right props to actors before each scene. Give them directions on how to use objects.
monitor tunnel boring machine supplies;Make sure the tunnel boring machine is supplied with tunnel segments, water for cooling, quick-setting mortar for the segments, and other necessary supplies.
promote ideas, products, services;Present and advertise products, programs and services with the goal of persuading and influencing others.
design thinking;The process used to identify creative solutions to problem solving, by putting the user at its core. The five stages approach-empathise, define, ideate, prototype and test-are meant to challenge assumptions and iterate solutions that are better suited to the needs of the user.
understand spoken Tamil;Comprehend orally expressed Tamil.
model sets;Produce plans, drawings and models of sets.
medical devices;Equipment and devices used in the diagnosis, prevention, and treatment of medical issues. Medical devices cover a wide range of products, ranging from syringes and protheses to MRI machinery and hearing aids.
create content title;Come up with an appealing title that draws peoples attention to the content of your article, story or publication.
draft styling schedule;Draft the schedule to indicate where, when, and how the actors should be styled.
check grant applications;Observe grant applications from individuals, charities, community groups or university research departments in order to make sure that they meet the funding criteria.
use treatment verification systems;Carry out various methods and verification systems to check and adapt radiation treatments according to the patients responses.
endocrinology;Endocrinology is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
coining;The process of shaping metal parts with a high relief or very fine features, such as coins, medals, badges or buttons, by pressing the surface of the metal between two dies.
metal bending techniques;Understand different techniques for the bending of metal sheets. Connect knowledge of different techniques with activities such as assembly, design, and maintenance.
participant observation;Empirical research the purpose of which is to gain a intimate closeness with a given group of individuals and their principles, ideas, beliefs, and behaviours through an intensive interaction with a society in their cultural environment over a long period of time. This includes direct observation, interviews, participation in the group, etc.
provide multimedia content;Develop multimedia materials such as screen shots, graphics, slide shows, animations and videos to be used as content integrated in a broader informational context.
perform scripted dialogue;Perform the lines, as written in the script, with animation. Make the character come to life.
advise on mine production;Provide advice on the preparation of schedules and reports on mine production, facilities, systems and production processes and production rates to assess operational effectiveness.
prevent technical problems of musical instruments;Anticipate technical problems with musical instruments and prevent them where possible. Tune and play musical instruments for sound check before rehearsal or performance.
set up sound reinforcement system;Set up an analogue sound reinforcement system in a live situation.
prepare patients for dental treatment;Seat and drape the patient, explaining treatment procedures to patient if required.
interpret 2D plans;Interpret and understand plans and drawings in manufacturing processes which include representations in two dimensions.
foster dialogue in society;Foster intercultural dialogue in civil society on a variety of controversial topics such as religious and ethical issues.
advise customers on books selection;Provide customers with detailed advice on books available in the store. Provide detailed information about authors, titles, styles, genres and editions.
report call errors;"Perform checks to ensure that call data have been entered correctly; report call errors to authorised personnel."
maintain aquaculture containers;Clean and disinfect equipment and treatment systems. Drain and clean aquaculture tanks and troughs using brushes, chemicals, and water. Prepare fish holding units to receive fish and change nets. Conduct swimthroughs. Stock fish in holding units. Collect dead fish in holding units.
implement training programmes for animals;Implement training programmes for animals for basic training purposes or to meet specific objectives, following a developed training programme, and reviewing and recording progress against set objectives.
develop food waste reduction strategies;Develop policies such as staff meal or food redistribution to reduce, reuse and recycle food waste where possible. This includes reviewing purchasing policies to identify areas for reducing food waste, e.g., quantities and quality of food products.
use therapeutic communication techniques;Use communication techniques in a therapeutic manner to support the patient during the therapy sessions, encouraging descriptions of perceptions, offering help, giving recognition, seeking clarification and summarising.
psychological concepts;The psychological concepts of health protection and health promotion.
prepare the enamel;Create the enamel by crushing enamel lumps and grind into powder using mortar and pestel. Use the required quantities and colours and make sure there arent any impurities.
assist passenger embarkation;Assist passengers when they embark vessels, aircraft, trains and other modes of transport. Keep safety measures and procedures in mind.
speak about your work in public;Speak about your work to different kinds of audiences. Illustrate aspects depending on the audience and the occasion.
design for organisational complexity;Determine cross-account authentication and access strategy for complex organizations (for example, an organization with varying compliance requirements, multiple business units, and varying scalability requirements). Design networks and multi-account cloud environments for complex organizations.
geochronology;The branch of geology and scientific field specialised in dating the age of rocks, rock formations, and sediments in order to determine geological events and map the chronology of Earth.
install glass frames;Securely set frames in place to be fitted with glass panes. Set storefront frames, balustrades, and curtain wall framing for a variety of usage cases.
tow a tractor implement using the power take-off;Tow an implement to tractors equipped with power take-off.
execute administration;Carry out administrative work and establish public relations.
perform lookout duties during maritime operations;Maintain a watch during maritime operations, in order to anticipate events and potential hazards.
develop methods for choreographic integration;Develop methods to pass on your choreographic style or signature to the performers. Define a mode of transmission. Select the necessary tools.
provide information on geological characteristics;Provide information on geological structures, host rock quality, groundwater implications and details on the mineralogical and textural composition of ores to enable mining and processing to be planned efficiently. The geological model is used to design the mine workings for minimum dilution and maximum ore extraction.
answer questions about the train transport service;Respond to all questions customers may have about the transportation services on a train. The conductor should posses a broad range of knowledge on fares, schedules, train services, passwords or web services, etc.
suspend animals;Suspend animals for food processing and move the carcasses around the slaughterhouse on an animal processing line.
breed sheep;Prepare a suitable environment for sheep breeding. Select and prepare the appropriate habitats for specific kinds of sheep. Monitor the sheeps growth and health and ensure correct feeding. Determinate when the sheep are ready for trade, consuption or other purposes.
apply wood finishes;Use a variety of techniques to finish wood. Paint, varnish and stain wood to improve its function, durability, or appearance.
coordinate rescue missions;Coordinate rescue missions during the event of a disaster or during an accident, ensure that all possible methods are being used to ensure the safety of the people being rescued, and that the search is as efficient and thorough as possible.
develop mobility programmes;Develop new mobility programs and policies and improve existing ones by increasing their effectiveness.
hardware architectures;The designs laying out the physical hardware components and their interconnections.
manage different ceramic firing techniques;Manage different ceramic firing or baking techniques according to selected clay, the expect strength of the object, and enamel colours.
measure sustainability of tourism activities;Collect information, monitor and assess the impact of tourism on the environment, including on protected areas, on local cultural heritage and biodiversity, in an effort to reduce the carbon footprint of activities in the industry. It includes running surveys about visitors and measuring any compensation required for offsetting damages.
breed poultry;Prepare a suitable environment for poultry breeding. Select and prepare the appropriate habitats for specific kinds of poultry. Monitor the poultrys growth and health and ensure correct feeding. Determinate when the poultry are ready for trade, consumption or other purposes.
fill etchings;Fill etchings with opaque paste to improve readability.
Punjabi;The Punjabi language.
advocate for others;Deliver arguments in favour of something, such as a cause, idea, or policy, to benefit another person.
process order forms with customers information;Obtain, enter and process customers names, addresses and billing information.
teach air cabin crew procedures;Teach the procedures and protocols used in aeroplane and aircraft cabins.
handle metal work orders;Interpret work orders in order to determine which metal parts should be produced.
analyse gambling data;Analyse relevant data points collected during gambling, betting or lottery activities. Process the data to obtain conclusions useful for the efficient running of the betting or lottery operation.
complete administration;Manage the terms of the grant, the follow-up procedures and recording dates and payments.
diagnose genetic diseases;Diagnose genetic disorders and congenital malformations, which may be caused by one or several abnormalities in the genome.
perform asset depreciation;Calculate the reduction in the value of an asset, caused for example by damage or changes in the environment, in accordance with the legislation.
plan audiovisual recording;Plan audio-visual recordings.
monitor communication channels performance;Search for possible faults. Perform visual checks. Analyse system indicators and use diagnostic devices.
perform water chemistry analysis;Perform water chemistry analysis to identify and quantify the chemical components and properties of water samples.
toys and games trends;Latest developments in the games and toys industry.
exercise sports;Exercise or practice under the direction of sports and athletic trainers or professional coaches to develop skills, improve physical condition, or prepare for competitions.
maintain warehouse database;Keep digital warehouse database up-to-date and multi-accessible.
install vessels safety equipment;Install and maintain safety equipment such as bells and horns, deck boxes holding life jackets, life boats or life raft pods, and the Electronic Position Indicating Radio Beacon (EPIRB).
maintain vessel engine room;Maintain the engines and engine room equipment of a vessel. Conduct pre-checks prior to departure and ongoing examinations during the voyage.
drive timber machine;Drive and manoeuver the machine to the timber in a safe and effective way within site restraints.
perform nuclear medicine procedures;Undertake nuclear medicine procedures such as the diagnosis and treatment of the patient. Use appropriate imaging and treatment procedures.
prepare films for printing plates;Place the photographic materials coated with a light-sensitive substance on the printing plate in such a way that will limit waste and facilitate printing processes. Place the plates in the machine for the different exposure and curing processes.
make the beds;Clean sheets, turn mattresses, plump pillows and change cushions.
medical laboratory technology;The various types and uses of technology and equipment employed in medical laboratories to perform tests on samples in order to identify possible disease-related substances.
assist in military logistics;Assist the upper management of a military organisation in the supply of goods and resources to military troops on the field and on base, and the disruption of enemy flow of resources, and other logistics activities in the military.
maintain electromechanical equipment;Diagnose and detect malfunctions in electromechanical components and systems and remove, replace, or repair these components when necessary. Execute preventative equipment maintenance tasks, such as storing the components and machines in clean, dust-free, and non-humid spaces.
breed reptiles;Prepare a suitable environment for reptile breeding. Select and prepare the appropriate terrariums for specific kinds of reptiles. Monitor the reptiles growth and health and ensure correct feeding. Identify when the reptiles are ready for trade, consumption, scientific or other purposes.
check the received biological samples;Ensure that the received biological samples such as blood and tissues, are correctly labeled, registered and contain the appropriate information about the patient.
understand written Croatian;Read and comprehend written texts in Croatian.
conduct quality assurance checks on aircraft cargo;"Conduct quality checks on cargo before loading commences of all aircraft; ensure the secure loading of all on-board cargo."
interpret technical information for electronic repair work;Analyse and understand given technical information for electronic repair work.
plan new packaging designs;Come up with new ideas concerning the size, shape and colour of packaging.
feed soap chips machine;Feed the soap bars into the soap chips machine hopper.
instruct on safety measures;Provide instruction on the possible causes of accidents or sources of danger and explain the protective measures that should be taken to guarantee health and safety.
liaise with railway stakeholders for accident investigations;Keep in contact with industry stakeholders involved with the accident or incident under investigation. Update parties on any findings.
credit control processes;The various techniques and procedures applied to ensure that credit is given to the suitable customers and that they pay on time.  
distribute technical information on operation of vehicles;Distribute information resources such as drawings, diagrams, and sketches that describe in detail the technical characteristics of vehicles.
evaluate genetic data;Evaluate genetic data by applying statistical calculations and analysing the results.
test photographic equipment;Test photographic equipment, tools and accessories.
call-centre technologies;The wide range of telecommunications hardware and software such as automated phone systems and communication devices.
contribute to the advancements in specialised nursing care;Contribute to the continuous development of the field of specialisation and research-based practice, participating in continuous professional development and research programmes, when appropriate.
implement mineral processes;Carry out mineral processing operations, which aim to separate valuable minerals from waste rock or grout. Oversee and implement processes such as samping, analysis and most importantly the electrostatic separation process, which separates valuable materials from mineral ore.
prepare pasta;Prepare pasta with the adequate ingredients and the adequate equipment as to conform with the recipe, taste, shape, and aspect according to regulations and customers preferences.
analyse suppliers information on vehicle parts;Analyse information on vehicle parts from suppliers such as wholesalers or importers. Process data in order to improve response to customers requests.
clean ride units;Eliminate dirt, rubbish or impurities in ride units in an amusement park.
create safe working protocols;Create clear, accountable, safe working protocols according to recognised zoo guidelines.
adhere to transpiration work schedule;Adhere to assigned work schedule as prepared by the transportation company.
provide health psychological concepts;Develop, implement and evaluate health psychological concepts.
clinical imaging techniques;The techniques to evaluate image information for clinical manifestations and technical accuracy.
veterinary clinical sciences;Aetiology, pathogenesis, clinical signs, diagnosis and treatment of common diseases and disorders. This includes veterinary areas such as propaedeutics, clinical and anatomic pathology, microbiology, parasitology, clinical medicine and surgery (including anaesthetics), preventive medicine, diagnostic imaging, animal reproduction and reproductive disorders, veterinary state medicine and public health, veterinary legislation and forensic medicine, and therapeutics.
advise on nitrate pollution;Advise on the impact and consequences of pollution (including land pollution due to fertilisers) caused by nitrous oxide emissions which contribute to depletion of the ozone layer and suggest solutions to mitigate such actions.
translate different types of texts;Comprehend the nature of the type of text to be translated, for example commercial and industrial documentation, personal documents, journalism, novels, creative writing, certificates, government documentation, and scientific texts.
casting processes;The various practices used in the casting of metal, plastics and other cast materials, including mould filling, solidification, cooling, and others, all relating to varying approaches in case of different types of material.
stenography;Capture of spoken words in its entirety, especially meanings and relevant details into written form.
transport allocated patients;Drive and convey the allocated patient to and from their home, hospital and any other treatment center in a caring and professional manner.
think proactively;Take initiatives to come up with improvements.
historic public speakers;Noteworthy successful or unsuccessful speakers addressing a (large) audience from the past.
assign vehicles in accordance with requirements;Assign vehicles after assessing the level of demand in relation to the frequency intended, and the structure of the location. Determine the appropriate vehicle for the service intended.
apply context specific clinical competences;Apply professional and evidence based assessment, goal setting, delivery of intervention and evaluation of clients, taking into account the developmental and contextual history of the clients, within one`s own scope of practice.
inspect scaffolding;After the scaffolding structure has been completed, inspect it for compliance with safety standards, weight bearing properties, tensile strength, resistance to wind, any other outside influences and ergonomics.
understand spoken Occitan;Comprehend orally expressed ?Occitan.
monitor political campaigns;Monitor the methods applied to conduct a political campaign to ensure all the regulations are adhered to, such as the regulations concerning campaign financing, promotional methods, and other campaign procedures.
polling techniques;The different methods to approach targets and collect information from them for a variety of purposes. Polling techniques such as self-administered questionnaires, remote interviews, and personal Interviews.
set up the cutter head;Set up and install knives in the cutter head of the thickness planer.
operate roof bolter;Operate a roof bolter, a piece of mobile heavy equipment used in mining which bores a hole into the roof of a mining roadway, then injects it with a resin designed to support the roof.
deal with changing operational demand;"Deal with changing operational demands; respond with effective solutions."
maintain work environments in a veterinary practice;Prepare and maintain work environments for use, including equipment and materials, ensuring that equipment and materials are available.
prepare examinations for vocational courses;Prepare examinations that test both theoretical and practical understanding of the content and the procedures imparted during a course or teaching programme. Develop exams that assess the most important insights that trainees should have gained from participating in the course.
promote responsible consumer behaviour;Promote policies, actions and education programmes that encourage healthy lifestyles and proactive participation in sustainable consumption, and that lead to changes in consumers attitudes, shopping habits and expectations.
endoscopy;The medical and non-surgical procedure through which a doctor can examine the interior of a hollow organ or cavity of a patient using an endoscope.
claims procedures;The different procedures that are used to formally request a payment for a suffered loss from an insurance company.
create theatre workbooks;Create a stage workbook for the director and the actors and work extensively with the director prior to the first rehearsal.
operate barriers at level crossings;Operate gates and barriers at level crossings according to messages and indications provided by signal boxes. Follow procedures to lift or descend bars and gates in order to alert traffic and pedestrians, ensuring that there are no dangers on site.
build international relations;Build positive communication dynamics with organisations from different countries in order to build a cooperative relationship and optimise information exchange.
establish an ICT customer support process;Create a series of customer ICT service activities before, during and after a request. Ensure an adequate response or action, enhance the level of customer satisfaction and accumulate ICT product or service feedback.
stamping press parts;Components of a stamping press, such as bolster plate, ram, automatic feeder and tonnage monitor, their qualities and applications.
understand spoken Hindi;Comprehend orally expressed Hindi.
grind meat;Use various types of machinery to grind animal parts into minced meat. Avoid the inclusion of bone splinters in the product. Maintain the meat grinding machine.
document interviews;Record, write, and capture answers and information collected during interviews for processing and analysis using shorthand or technical equipment.
handle delivered packages;Administer delivered packages and ensure that they reach their destination on time.
control of expenses;Monitor and maintain effective cost controls, in regards to efficiencies, waste, overtime and staffing. Assessing excesses and strives for efficiency and productivity.
oversee wetlands in project development;Oversee and respond proactively to the challenges posed by wetlands in the development of projects. Strive to care for and conserve wetlands while finding the most environmentally cost efficient solutions for the development of infrastructure projects.
estimate duration of work;Produce accurate calculations on time necessary to fulfil future technical tasks based on past and present information and observations or plan the estimated duration of individual tasks in a given project.
sign language;A system of communication using visual gestures and signs, used by hearing impaired individuals.  
evaluate the impact of your professional development;Evaluate the impact of your professional development on your working practice and its impact on participants, public, contractors, choreographers.
copyright legislation;Legislation describing the protection of the rights of original authors over their work, and how others can use it.
keep track of expenses;Make sure that project expenses are duly recorded. Ensure careful bookkeeping, regularly review the budget, respect budget allocations, and take all necessary steps to keep the expenses transparent.
remove predators;Control predators such as foxes, crows and rats by shooting and trapping.
implement landscaping projects;Implement soft and hard landscaping works such as paving, retainer walls, pathways or irrigation systems based on already identified sites and according to landscaping plans.
tend metal polishing machine;Tend a metalworking machine designed to buff and polish metal surfaces, monitor and operate it according to regulations.
refer social service users;Make referrals to other professionals and other organisations, based on the social service users requirements and needs.
troubleshoot website;Detect the flaws and malfunctions of a website. Apply troubleshooting techniques on content, structure, interface and interactions in order to find the causes and solve the malfunctions.
protective safety equipment;The processes and materials used to create safety equipment such as fire-fighting equipment, gas masks or headgear.
connect blasting circuit;Connect, inspect and test the blasting circuit.
gender studies;Interdisciplinary academic field which studies gender equality and gender representation in society. Theories related to gender studies can be part of the scientific research in various fields such as literature and other artistic media, history, sociology, and political science.
consider constraints in maritime shipping;"Consider multiple constraints specific to maritime shipping such as: the maximum draught of ships; the depth of channels and canals; tide measures; and the respective impact on load capacity. Create detailed scenarios and integrate them into shipping planning."
identify if a company is a going concern;Analyse financial statements, financial information and the outlook of the company in order to determine the going concern of the company.
polish stone by hand;Polish by hand the stone parts which cannot be polished by a machine, rubbing it with abrasive blocks.
collect control panel components;Select the appropriate control panel components, such as wires and circuit breakers, to meet the specified requirements.
publishing market;The trends in the publishing market and the type of books that are are appealing to a certain audience.
work effectively with animal-related organisations;Develop and sustain relationships with other organisations such as charities, government agencies, Non-Governmental Organisations and representative bodies, in relation to furthering animal health and welfare. Communicate veterinary principles and operate within multidisciplinary teams comprised of persons with varying degrees of scientific and administrative knowledge.
manage venue programme;Coordinate the artists tour agenda and availability with the seasonal venue program and respect the deadlines.
educate public on fire safety;Develop and execute educational and promotional plans to educate the public on fire prevention knowledge and methods, fire safety such as the ability to identify hazards and the use of fire safety equipment, and to raise awareness on fire prevention issues.
maintain kitchen equipment at correct temperature;Keep the refrigeration and storage of kitchen equipment at the correct temperature.
building materials industry;Supplier, brands and types of products and goods available on the market of building materials.
tobacco brands;Different brands of tobacco products on the market.
offer advice on diet-related concerns;Offer advice on dietary concerns such as overweight or elevated cholesterol levels.
anatomy of animals;The study of animal body parts, their structure and dynamic relationships, on a level as demanded by the specific occupation.
develop predictive models;Develop simplified descriptions, mainly mathematical descriptions of processes or systems, in order to assist calculations and predictions.
footwear uppers pre-assembly;The equipment and techniques used for pre-assembling operations of uppers in the footwear industry.
instruct patients on supportive devices;Inform patients on the utilisation and care of orthoses and protheses.
develop animal feeds;Select and blend ingredients to provide highly nutritional diets that maintain the health of the animals and increase the quality of end products, such as meat, milk, and eggs.
follow safety precautions in fishery operations;Comply with policies and institutional regulations to guarantee a safe workplace for employees in fishery and aquaculture operations. Deal with potential risks and dangers by taking appropriate safety measures.
operate grinding hand tools;Operate a variety of hand tools designed for grinding production materials, such as angle grinders, die grinders, grindstones, bench grinders, and others.
study artworks;Study styles, techniques, colours, textures, and materials used in works of art.
write Limburgish;Compose written texts in ?Limburgish.
design post tanning operations;Design the post tanning operations according to the final leather goods. This includes choosing the most suitable and cost-effective fixing agent to achieve the desired properties.
advise on teaching methods;Advise education professionals on the proper adaptation of curricula in lesson plans, classroom management, professional conduct as a teacher, and other activities and methods related to teaching.
advanced driver assistant systems;Vehicle-based intelligent safety systems which could improve road safety in terms of crash avoidance, crash severity mitigation and protection, and automatic post-crash notification of collision. Integrated in vehicle or infrastructure-based systems which contribute to some or all of these crash phases. More generally, some driver support systems are intended to improve safety whereas others are convenience functions.
sell flowers;Sell natural and artificial flowers, potted plants, soil, floral accessories, fertilisers and seeds.
compare survey computations;Determine the accuracy of data by comparing computations with applicable standards.
rear food fish;Spawn and rear food fish or exotic fish for commercial use.
flammable fluids;The behaviour of liquids and gases that represent a serious explosion and fire danger, and their appropriate handling systems and effective storage.
ensure the safety of endangered species and protected areas;Ensure that projects do not adversely affect migratory birds, rare or endangered animal species, critical habitat or environmentally protected areas.
manage train working timetable;Manage the train working timetable that shows every movement on the railway network. Prepare for the arrival and departure of every train, intermediate points, and appropriate passing points.
discuss the end point of therapeutic intervention;Identify a possible end point of therapeutic interventions with the patient in accordance with their original goals.
select fruits and vegetables;Select fruit and vegetables for picking according to size, colour and ripeness.
detect drug abuse;Identify people under excessive use of alcohol and drugs inside a facility, effectively deal with these people and supervise customers own safety while applying relevant regulations.
set up projection equipment;Install and connect equipment for projection in an artistic context.
develop plans related to client discharge;Organise discharge planning, when applicable, across a range of healthcare settings, communicating effectively and ensuring that the client and carers are involved in the decision making process.
product data management;The use of software to track all information concerning a product such as technical specifications, drawings, design specifications, and production costs.
motivate others;Direct other peoples behaviour by providing them with a convincing reason for action.
manage accounts;Manage the accounts and financial activities of an organisation, supervising that all the documents are correctly maintained, that all the information and calculations are correct, and that proper decisions are being made.
position patients undergoing interventions;Position or immobilise patients correctly for safe and effective interventions.
determine child placement;Evaluate whether the child needs to be taken out of his home situation and assess child`s placement in foster care.
prepare chemical samples;Prepare the specific samples such as gas, liquid or solid samples in order for them to be ready for analysis, labeling and storing samples according to specifications.
test ICT queries;Assess that developed queries return and execute correct actions and data.
statistical quality control;Quality control by sampling the appropriate number of items per lot to obtain a statistically significant result. Sampling the materials and determining their quality, either accepting or rejecting it, or rating it.
implement cost-effective cargo handling strategies on ships;Implement cost-effective strategies for loading and unloading of cargo on ships with the aim of maximising efficiency, reducing the resources expended, and assuring sufficient operations while increasing profit.
cancellation policies of service providers;The characteristics of the cancellation policies of your service providers including the alternatives, solutions or compensations.
develop artistic coaching programme;Develop and administer a coaching programme specific to the artistic project and performing individuals.
check durability of wood materials;Check the categorisation and different levels of durability of wood materials.
instructional design models;The guidelines or strategies for designing and developing instructions to ensure learners achieve the intended learning outcomes.
create vacuum forming mould;Make a vacuum forming mould out of any of various suitable materials that can withstand the temperatures and stresses involved in the process. Make sure that any cavities meant to be filled in are exposed to the vacuum power.
features of sporting equipment;Types of sporting, fitness and recreational equipment and sporting supplies and their characteristics.
monitor satellites;Analyse ground systems and investigate any anomalous behavior of satellites. Develop the right corrective measures, and implement where necessary.
execute working instructions;Understand, interpret and properly apply work instructions regarding different tasks in the workplace.
accommodate special seating;Give requested special seating to guests whenever possible, such as special seating arrangements for babies, disabled or obese people.
sell power tools;Sell power tools such as drills, chainsaws, lawn mowers or grinding machines. Sell accessories and products to maintain and clean power tools. Provide advice on purchasing decisions and try to meet customers wishes. Process payments.
understand spoken Bihari;Comprehend orally expressed Bihari.
bakery production methods;The bakery production methods used to make baked products such as leaven, unleaven, sour dough, and predough.
test the braking force of trains;Test that the breaking force of trains functions as required after coupling.
writing style guides;The large variety of style guides available depending on the kind of writing, industry, or purpose. Style guides comprise APA style and ASA style for the social sciences, AP style for journalism, CSE style for physical sciences, and others.
genetic engineering;Manipulation of the genetic material of an organism using methods that insert new DNA into or remove heritable material from the genome.
maintain register of shareholders;Keep a register of shareholders and monitoring changes in share ownership of the company.
respiratory therapy;Treatment focused on the management of the airways in various medical conditions or situations such as emergency or trauma.
write Dutch;Compose written texts in Dutch.
drivers license structure;The different types of drivers licenses, the procedures for obtaining them, and which vehicles may be driven holding each type. Any special conditions or responsibilities tied to a drivers license.
interpret geometric dimensions and tolerances;Understand and assess the models and symbolic language of Geometric Dimensioning and Tolerancing (GD&T) systems indicating engineering tolerances.
design ventilation network;Draft ventilation network. Prepare and plan the ventilation layout using specialist software. Design heating or cooling systems as required. Improve efficiency of ventilation network to lower energy consumption, including the interplay between a near zero energy building (nZEB), its use, and the right ventilation strategy.
notify customers on special offers;Notify customers on new promotional actions and special offers.
respect confidentiality obligations;Observe the necessary discretion and restraint when dealing with confidential, secret or unpleasant information.
household products;The offered household products or goods, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
evaluate musical ideas;Experiment with different sound sources, use synthesizers and computer software, permanently explore and evaluate musical ideas and concepts.
participate in music studio recordings;Take part in recording sessions in music studios.
inform on government funding;Give information to customers related to the grants and financing programmes attributed by the government for small and large scale projects in various fields such as the promotion of renewable energies.
supervise pharmaceutical staff;Oversee the work and mentoring of pharmacy technicians, students, interns and residents.
understand spoken Sardinian;Comprehend orally expressed ?Sardinian.
interact verbally in Serbian;Communicate orally in Serbian.
conditions for the professional practice of psychotherapy;The institutional, legal and psychosocial practices and regulations related to the practice of psychotherapy.
understand spoken Limburgish;Comprehend orally expressed Limburgish.
judaism;The traditions, ceremonies and history of the Jewish religion, as well as its current system.
maintain pipe deck;Ensure cleanliness of main deck areas and pipe deck.
handling of dangerous goods;Know the handling procedures for a variety of potentially dangerous materials, such as explosives, flammable or toxic gases, flammable solids/liquids, infectious substances, radioactive substances, etc.
leather colour chemistry;Understand colour chemistry, the application and behaviour of dyes and colouring materials in relation to leather.
offer financial services;Provide a broad range of financial services to clients such as assistance with financial products, financial planning, insurances, money and investment management.
discover acting talent;Identify existing talented actors or discover new ones.
install scaffolding pump jacks;Install pump jacks, which can be pumped manually of automatically to move equipment or workers up and down scaffolding.
maintain distillation equipment;"Maintain and repair equipment; identify and report damaged or malfunctioning equipment."
issue sales invoices;Prepare the invoice of goods sold or services provided, containing individual prices, the total charge, and the terms. Complete order processing for orders received via telephone, fax and internet and calculate the customer’s final bill.
handle artworks;Work directly with objects in museums and art galleries, in coordination with other museum professionals, to ensure that artworks are safely handled, packed, stored and cared for.
track changes in text editing;Track changes such as grammar and spelling corrections, element additions, and other modifications when editing (digital) texts.
apply intercultural teaching strategies;Ensure that the content, methods, materials and the general learning experience is inclusive for all students and takes into account the expectations and experiences of learners from diverse cultural backgrounds. Explore individual and social stereotypes and develop cross-cultural teaching strategies.
environmental management monitors;The hardware and equipment suitable for measurement and live monitoring of environmental parameters.
train medical staff on nutrition;Provide training on nutrition to nurses and other medical staff, as well as catering staff.
collect biological data;Collect biological specimens, record and summarise biological data for use in technical studies, developing environmental management plans and biological products.
advise customers on storage of meat products;Give advice to customers concerning the correct storage of meat and meat products.
provide individual exercise programmes;Provide a range of exercise programmes in accordance with the needs of the clients by applying principles of exercise programming, and modifying and moderating as necessary to support effective and safe exercising.
neuropsychology;The way in which psychological processes affect the human brain, its structure and functioning mode.
inspect soap production operating units;Inspect the equipments and machinery used in powder-producing towers such as soap-spray storage tanks, collectors, towers, driers or scrubbers.
prepare well data sheets;Prepare data sheets, listing all relevant information on a well, including location, geological properties of the well, type of resources, temperatures and various analyses plotted against the depth.
process starch slurry;Operate equipments to produce dextrins, with or without acid or basic catalyst.
human resource management;The function in an organisation concerned with the recruitment of employees and the optimisation of employee performance.
browse, search and filter data, information and digital content;Articulate information needs, search for data, information and content in digital environments, access them and navigate between them. Create and update personal search strategies.
assess danger in risk areas;Assess the potential dangers involved in performinig military or humanitarian missions in risk areas, such as combat areas, areas affected by natural disasters, or politically tense areas.
cut house wrap;Make incisions in house wrap to insert windows, doors or other objects. Plan the incision first and mark the lines on the wrap. Remove excess material. Tape all seams.
source colour chemicals;Full range of available dyes and colours chemicals suitable for leather and where to source them.
develop a repertoire for music therapy sessions;Develop and maintain a repertoire of music for music therapy according to age, culture and stylistic differences.
prompt performers;Prompt performers in theatrical and opera productions.
promote exercise programmes;Develop and apply strategies to motivate clients to engage in an exercise programme.
prepare transportation routes;"Prepare routes through the addition or subtraction of routes, making changes to route frequency, and changing the service span of routes. Adjusts routes through providing additional running time to routes, adding additional capacity during periods of overcrowding (or reducing capacity during periods of low passenger numbers), and adjusting departure times in response to changes in circumstances along a given route, thereby ensuring efficient use of resources and achievement of customer relations goals.;"
Hadoop;The open-source data storing, analysis and processing framework which consists mainly in the MapReduce and Hadoop distributed file system (HDFS) components and it is used to provide support for managing and analysing large datasets.
principles of artificial intelligence;The artificial intelligence theories, applied principles, architectures and systems, such as intelligent agents, multi-agent systems, expert systems, rule-based systems, neural networks, ontologies and cognition theories.
investigate contamination;Perform tests to investigate the properties of contamination in an area, or on surfaces and materials, in order to identify the cause, its nature, and the extent of the risk and damage.
train actors in the use of weapons;Train performers to execute the planned weapon actions. Take safety into account.
apply rubber sealant;Use the appropriate rubber sealant to fill up seams of wooden boats in order to make them watertight.
repair electronic components;"Repair, replace or adjust damaged electronics components or circuitry; use hand tools and soldering and welding equipment."
review translation works;Read thoroughly translated works in order to ensure accuracy and achievement of the purpose.
profile people;Create a profile of someone, by outlining this persons characteristics, personality, skills and motives, often by the use of information obtained from an interview or questionnaire.
plan;Manage ones time schedule and resources in order to finish tasks in a timely manner.
military drill;The marching techniques and use of weapons, and other disciplinary methods applied in military operations.
process harvested honey;Harvest and process honey according to health, safety and biosecurity regulations.
food preservation;Deterioration factors, controlling factors (temperature, additives, humidity, pH, water activity, etc., including packaging) and food processing methods to preserve food products.
analyse insurance risk;Analyse the probability and size of the risk that is to be insured, and estimate the value of the insured property of the client.
monitor organisation climate;Monitor the work environment and the behaviour of employees in an organisation to assess how the organisation culture is perceived by the employees and identify the factors which influence behaviour and which may facilitate a positive work environment.
tend lathe;Tend a lathe designed for cutting manufacturing processes on metal, wooden, plastic materials and others, monitor and operate it, according to regulations.
supervise merchandise displays;Work closely together with visual display staff to decide how items should be displayed, in order to maximise customer interest and product sales.
sort cut parts of carcasses inside cooling compartments;Place the different parts of the carcass resulting from deboning and cutting in cooling rooms. Sort the body parts and follow classifications codes according to the type of meat, part of the carcass, and other considerations in specified containers.
crimp wire;Attach the electrical connector to the wire using crimping tools. Here the connector and the wire are joined together by deforming one or both so they fit into each other. The electrical connector may connect the wire to an electrical terminal or may join two lengths of wire together.
handle cash flow;Handle the movement of money into or out of a business, project, or financial product.
support vessel manoeuvres;Participate in manoeuvres at port: berthing, anchoring and other mooring operations. Contribute to a safe navigational watch.
stay up-to-date with hair style trends;Keep abreast of current and future fashion trends in hair styles.
foster compliance with health and safety rules by setting an example;Set a personal example to colleagues by following HSE rules and implementing them in daily activities.
financial jurisdiction;Financial rules and procedures applicable to a certain location, whose regulatory bodies decide on its jurisdiction
inform on the risks of substance and alcohol abuse;Provide information in the community about the risks and dangers of substance and alcohol abuse.
anchors used in inland water transport;"Name and recognise different types of anchors used in inland water transport (IWT); explain the characteristics of different anchors and their specific uses."
operate bale presses;Start, operate and monitor computerised bale presses.
study radar images;Analyse radar images to study phenomena on Earths surface.
organise sporting environment;Organise people and the environment to achieve desired objectives safely and efficiently
cool materials;Manipulating or changing the structure of materials by cooling them or submerging them in water.
prepare hot drinks;Make hot drinks by brewing coffee and tea and adequately preparing other hot beverages.
coordinate road haulage operations;"Plan and coordinate road haulage, distribution, and passenger transport operations; ensure that passengers and goods reach their destinations in a safe and timely manner."
develop environmental remediation strategies;Develop strategies for the removal of pollution and contaminants from soil, groundwater, surface water, or sediment, taking into account environmental remediation regulations and available technologies.
negotiate lawyers fee;Negotiate compensation for legal services in or out of court, such as hourly or flat-rate fees, with clients.
sing;Use the voice to produce musical sounds, marked by tone and rhythm.
conduct background research for plays;Research historical backgrounds and artistic concepts of plays.
protect window frames;Apply a protection sheet on the frames or borders of the windows in order to protect them against scratches or dirt.
dermasurgery techniques;Techniques used to reshape or reconstruct disfigured skin or body parts.
promote recreation activities;Promote the implementation of recreation programs in a community, as well as recreation services provided by an organisation or institution.
sell vehicle parts;"Identify which part is best suited to the customers needs and specific type of car; sell and install the appropriate parts."
teach young horses;Socialise young horses (cleaning, collaring, bridling, raising feet, etc.), taking into account the safety and welfare of the horse and teacher.
calculate the amount of cargo on a vessel;Determine the weight of cargo on tanker ships and cargo vessels. Calculate the exact amount of loaded cargo or cargo to be discharged.
use genre painting techniques;Use a genre or academic painting and drawing techniques.
identify new words;Determine if there are new words being used by a significant number of people by doing research.
tree preservation and conservation;Environmental requirements for tree preservation and conservation.
operate mixing of food products;Perform all kinds of mixing operations of raw materials, half-finished products and foodstuffs.
air-cure tobacco;Air-cure tobacco by hanging the tobacco in a well-ventilated barn and allow it to dry over a period of four to eight weeks. Air-cured tobacco is generally low in sugar content, which gives the tobacco smoke a smooth, semi-sweet flavour. Air-cured tobacco leaves usually have a high nicotine content.
perform metal work;Work with metal and iron materials in order to assemble individual pieces or structures.
coordinate coremaking shifts;Manage coordination of all activities across each coremaking shift.
assess environmental impact;Monitor environmental impacts and carry out assessments in order to identify and to reduce the organisations environmental risks while taking costs into account.
follow client animal handling programme;Handle and train animals using the methods and resources specified by the owner.
footwear quality;Quality specifications of materials, processes and final products, the most common defects in footwear, quick tests procedures, laboratory tests procedures and standards, adequate equipment for quality checks. Quality assurance of footwear production processes and fundamental concepts on quality including footwear quality framework and standards.
use techniques to increase patients motivation;Encourage the patient`s motivation to change and promote the belief that therapy can help, using techniques and treatment engagement procedures for this purpose.
train employees;Lead and guide employees through a process in which they are taught the necessary skills for the perspective job. Organise activities aimed at introducing the work and systems or improving the performance of individuals and groups in organisational settings.
organise social work packages;Create a package of social support services according to the service user`s needs and in line with specified standards, regulations and timescales.
inject liquid foam;Force foam into a limited space such as the space between the inner and outer cups of vacuum bottles or pour liquid foam into a mould in order to obtain the desired shape.
ICT market;The processes, stakeholders and the dynamics of the chain of goods and services in the ICT market sector.
identify potential markets for companies;Observe and analyse market research findings in order to determine promising and profitable markets. Consider the firms specific advantage and match it with markets where such value proposition is missing.
perform tests for illegal substances;Search for traces of illegal substances which are not allowed to be transported from one area to another, in vehicles or on individuals, by the use of certain testing equipment or technologies.
provide physical intimacy;Provide physical intimacy such as sexual services to clients according to laws and regulations.
forest ecology;The ecosystems existing in a forest, starting from bacteria to trees and soil types.
identify electoral violations;Determine electoral violations such as fraud, manipulation of voting results and the use of violence.
install lift controller;Install the lift controller, which processes and transmits lift control signals to the motor, in the machine room at the top of the shaft. Connect it to the hoist motor, a source of electricity, and the control input signal wires.
intubation;The artificial respiration and intubation and the potential complications.
feed broodstock;Feed broodstock according to nutritional needs. This will initially include live prey such as rotifers and artemia.
tend dip tank;Tend a manufacturing machine designed to coat workpiece surfaces by applying dip-coating machine processes, monitor and operate it according to regulations.
maintain operational communications;Maintain communications between different departments of an organisation, between the staff, or during specific operations or missions, to ensure that the operation or mission is successful, or that the organisation functions smoothly.
understand written Greek;Read and comprehend written texts in Greek.
food policy;Have a solid understanding of policies, strategies, institutions and regulations concerning food.
polish stone surfaces;Polish stone using polishing tools and machines in order to obtained a smooth and lustrous product.
maintain stock supplies for guest cabin;Keep supplies of toiletries, towels, bedding, linens and manage supplies meant for guest cabins.
execute opening and closing procedures;Apply standard opening and closing procedures for bar, store or restaurant.
SAS Data Management;The computer program SAS Data Management is a tool for integration of information from multiple applications, created and maintained by organisations, into one consistent and transparent data structure, developed by the software company SAS.
electrical equipment components;The essential components of a certain electrical product, such as electrical wires, circuit breakers, and switches.
bind books;Assemble book components together by gluing endpapers to book bodies, sewing book spines, and attaching hard or soft covers. This may also include performing hand finishing operations such as grooving or lettering.
implement a firewall;Download, install and update a network security system designed to prevent unauthorized access to a private network.
manufacture ornamental braided cord;Produce ornamental braided cords and ropes for products such as historical uniforms and traditional costumes.
manage keys for data protection;Select appropriate authentication and authorization mechanisms. Design, implement and troubleshoot key management and use. Design and implement a data encryption solution for data at rest and data in transit.
forecast production quantities;Determine the most adequate production levels of products according to forecasts and analysis of historic consuming trends.
guide conversion;Guide individuals who wish to change their faith in the processes related to the conversion to a particular religion, in their religious development on their new religious path, and performing the conversion itself.
provide pouring holes in cores;Cut spouts, runner holes, and sprue holes into cores.
handle multiple orders simultaneously;Monitor orders simultaneously and without loss of efficiency and concentration.
CSS;The computer language CSS is a style sheet language that conveys the presentation of structured documents. These documents have to adhere to style sheets, a set of stylistic rules such as font, color and layout.
inform drivers of detour routes;Give directions to drivers to use detour routes through construction sites or roads that are blocked due to emergency situations or events.
prepare freight shipment reports;"Compose and submit freight shipment reports. Include detailed information on freight conditions and freight handling; report problems if necessary."
understand written Bengali;Read and comprehend written texts in Bengali.
design a combined heat and power system;Estimate the heating and cooling demands of the building, determine the demands of domestic hot water. Make a hydraulic scheme to fit in the CHP unit with a guaranteed return temperature and acceptable on/off switch numbers.
semiconductors;Semiconductors are essential components of electronic circuits and contain properties of both insulators, such as glass, and conductors, such as copper. Most semiconductors are crystals made of silicon or germanium. By introducing other elements in the crystal through doping, the crystals turn into semiconductors. Depending on the amount of electrons created by the doping process, the crystals turn into N-type semiconductors, or P-type semiconductors.
organise performance space;Keep the stage and backstage areas organised. Define and label areas for different purposes, such as storage, dressing and meeting. Coordinate organisational decisions with the users of the space.
sew protective workwear;Sew protective workwear using resistant materials and special stitching techniques. Combine good hand-eye coordination, manual dexterity, and physical and mental stamina.
train staff on waste management;Train the staff of a facility which deals with waste management, or an organisations staff responsible for waste management strategies, on the improvements that can be made to reduce waste, increase efficiency of waste treatment and disposal, and ensure compliance with waste and environmental legislation.
grout terrazzo;Cover any small holes in the terrazzo surface with a grout mixture of the appropriate colour after it has been roughly ground.
cook dairy products;Prepare eggs, cheese and other dairy products, combined with other products if necessary.
food dehydration processes;The processes by which fruit and vegetables are dehydrated including techniques such as sun drying, indoor drying, and industrial applications for drying food. The dehydration process goes from selection of the fruit and vegetables according to their size, washing the fruit, classifying according to the product, storage, and mixing with ingredients resulting in a final product.
radiochemistry;The chemistry of radioactive materials, the way to use radioactive isotopes of elements to study the properties and chemical reactions of non-radioactive isotopes.
perform aircraft maintenance;Carry out inspection and maintenance on aircraft parts according to the maintenance procedures and documentation, and perform repair work to remedy functional and deterioration problems.
cool workpiece;Cool down the workpiece to keep it safe and comfortable to work with. Cooling a workpiece with water has the added benefit of removing dust and debris.
publish research in open access;Deal with Open Access requirements for scientific publications that are available online and at no cost for readers, such as peer reviewed articles, monographs, grey literature, and others.
audiovisual equipment;The characteristics and usage of different tools that stimulate the sight and audio senses.
create tube hinges;Assemble tube hinges for stained glass objects, e.g. windows or boxes.
collect broodstock;Source broodstock from fisheries and held them in maturation tanks before collecting their seeds.
create 2D painting;Produce a drawing by using a range of digital tools.
control odours from prepared animal feeds production;Control the odours generated during grinding, heating, and cooling, the discharge of liquid waste, and other emissions. May use thermal oxidiser for the purpose.
select adequate packaging for food products;Choose the appropriate packages for food products taking into account attractiveness and suitability of the package. Use proper packaging for sending it safely and at a reasonable cost. Have awareness that packaging can also influence the product characteristics such as shape, weight or solidity. Balance out various aspects such as cost, attractivity and compliance with regulations and environment protection.
repossess goods;Reclaim or claim possession of goods in order to compensate for a debt which a debtor is unable to repay, such as a financial debt or money owed as ruled by a court of law.
design procedures for the relocation of specific goods;Study the moving requirements of specific goods such as pianos, artefacts, antique furniture, and others in order to design specific procedures for their transportation and relocation.
assess artistic proposal;Identify the essence of a proposed artistic project. Assess the strong and weak points of the proposal. Judge whether to accept the proposal, and whether to propose modifications.
assess powertrain;Assess suitability of powertrain components for given boundaries such as vehicle mission, traction requirements, dynamic demand and costs. It includes considerations on wheel hub motors, electric drive axle, tandem layout and the necessary transmissions.
adjust solutions consistency;Adjust the consistency of a chemical solution by cooking it or by injecting steam in order to dissolve it.
maintain industrial ovens;Maintaining industrial ovens in order to ensure effective and correct operation.
enforce safety procedures when working at heights;Plan and prepare all documentation and equipment related to working at heights and its hazards in order to inform the workers under your supervision and instruct them how to work safely.
develop design plans;"Develop design plans by using computer-aided-design (CAD); work in accordance with budget estimates; organise and conduct meetings with clients."
advise on betting;Provide visitors with accurate betting advice. Inform visitors about the official laws and restrictions concerning betting.
handle feathers;Clean, sort, dry and package feathers taking into account the company policy and specific orders.
optoelectronics;Branch of electronics and optics dedicated to the study and use of electronic devices that detect and control light.
inform customers environmental protection;Provide customers with information on the impact their heating systems have on the environment and to what extent this impact can be reduced to a minimum by handling the systems in an environmentally friendly way or by using environmentally friendly systems.
announce bingo numbers;Call out the bingo numbers during the game to the audience in a clear and understandable manner.
wash bicycles;Clean and dry bicycles with the appropriate tools and products, making sure that no corrosion appears and that the bicycle chain is properly smeared.
contribute to specialised publications;Write or redact contributions for a specialised publication in your field.
counsel patients on fertility treatments;Inform patients about the fertility treatment options available, their implications and risks in order to help them take an informed decision.
ensure soil fertility;Analyse soil to determine type and quantity of fertiliser required for maximum production.
prepare airport emergency plans;Prepare an airport emergency plan that ensures the safe and efficient handling of any emergency situation that may arise.
honey extractors types;Mechanical devices used in the extraction of honey from honeycombs without destroying the comb. 
types of tile;Tiles of different sizes, materials and glazing. Their properties such as weight, propensity to chipping or breaking, moisture resistance, adhesion and cost.
prepare imposition;Use manual or digital techniques to prepare the arrangement of the pages on the printers sheet to reduce the cost and time of the printing process. Take various factors into account such as the format, the number of pages, the binding technique, and the fibre direction of the printing material.
determine quality of engraving;"Quality control of engravings and etchings; check for cuts, burns, rough spots and irregular or incomplete engraving."
ergonomics in footwear and leather goods design;The principles used in the design of various styles of footwear and leather goods for the correct anatomic and ergonomic proportions and measurements.
issue waivers;Issue waivers for upcoming air shows and unusual or experimental aviation operations. Compose exhaustive list of conditions and limitations.
software components suppliers;The suppliers who can deliver the required software components.
hunt animals;Hunt animal wildlife and birds. Track, pursue and kill the animal in a humane way, according to animal and environmental legislations. Use weapons such as hunting rifles, crossbows or trapping devices to kill or trap the hunted animal.
apply sustainability principles in health care;Take into account the sustainability principles in healthcare and strive for the rational use of resources.
manufacturing of weapons and ammunition;The manufacture of heavy weapons (artillery, mobile guns, rocket launchers, torpedo tubes, heavy machine guns), small arms (revolvers, shotguns, light machine guns), air or gas guns and pistols, and war ammunition. Also the manufacture of hunting, sporting or protective firearms and ammunition and of explosive devices such as bombs, mines and torpedoes.
determine cause of damage;Recognise damage and signs of corrosion, identify their cause and determine maintenance and repair procedures.
types of watches;Types of wristwatches, such as mechanical and quartz, their features and functions, such as calendar, chronograph, water resistance, etc.
lead clinical pharmacology studies;Plan and monitor the safety of patients during clinical tests, reviewing the medical history and assessing their eligibility criteria. Perform ongoing medical monitoring of subjects enrolled into studies for medication testing.
assemble barrels;Select the shaped wooden planks, place them inside the working iron hoop and put a loose hoop at the top to hold the planks together.
write weather briefing;Present various information such as air pressure, temperature and humidity to customers in the form of a weather brief.
repossession;The procedures and legislation dealing with the confiscation of goods or property when a debt cannot be repaid.
supervise medical residents;Oversee and manage the work of residents within the specific medical unit, providing them with guidance and support.
semantics;"The branch of linguistics that studies meaning; it analyses of words, phrases, signs, and symbols and the relation between them."
apply rubber patches;Apply the already shaped rubber patches onto the broken part of the tire by using a handroller and the correct rubber cement.
replace large components;Dismantle and reassemble equipment or system parts in order to replace large defective elements such as generators or engines.
triage clients;Contribute to the triage process to assign clients to the most appropriate management pathway for their condition, in collaboration with other healthcare practitioners.
manage stock rotation;Oversee stock levels, paying attention to expiry dates to diminish stock loss.
prepare sophrology session;Plan and prepare the equipment and facilities for the sophrology session and plan timings and sequences for the session, creating a relaxing and comforting environment.
use dictionaries;Use glossaries and dictionaries to search for the meaning, the spelling, and synonyms of words.
adhere to questionnaires;Follow and ask the questions laid out in questionnaires when interviewing somebody.
perform account allocation;Allocate transactions on an account by matching the total value, only a part of it or a group of transactions to the original invoice, and by posting financial information such as discounts, taxes or currency exchange differences.
advice on security risk management;Provide advice on security risk management policies and prevention strategies and their implementation, being aware of the different kinds of security risks a specific organisation faces.
treat fish diseases;Identify the symptoms of fish diseases. Apply appropriate measures to treat or eliminate diagnosed conditions.
evaluate staff performance in social work;Evaluate the work of staff and volunteers to ensure that programs are of appropriate quality and that resources are used effectively.
manage company fleet;Manage and maintain company fleet by selecting equipment, dispatching units, performing maintenance, and managing costs.
sales strategies;The principles concerning customer behaviour and target markets with the aim of promotion and sales of a product or a service.
use foreign languages in patient care;Communicate in foreign languages with healthcare users, their carers, or services providers. Use foreign languages to faciliate patient care according to the needs of the patient.
study the relationships between quantities;Use numbers and symbols to research the link between quantities, magnitudes, and forms.
provide training;Provide training and orientation to new team members, or assign this task to an appropriately experienced team member.
concurrent estate;The concept in property law which stipulates the rights and duties of two parties co-owning a property, and the various ways in which co-tenancy is possible.
assemble truss constructions;Use trusses, metal structures that derive strength from their construction involving triangular shapes, to construct stages for performances.
maintain up-to-date aeronautical information management services;Maintain up-to-date aeronautical information management (AIM) services such as aeronautical data sets, charts, and publications.
medicines for self-medication;Medication which can be self-administered by individuals for psychological or physical problems. This type is sold in supermarkets and drugstores and does not require a doctors prescription. This medication mostly treats common health issues.
French;The French language. French is an official and working language of the EU.
cope with challenging circumstances in the mining sector;Maintain a positive attitude during challenging situations in mines. Work under pressure and adapt to the circumstances in a positive manner.
content development processes;The specialised techniques used to design, write, compile, edit and organise digital content, such as text, graphics and videos for publishing purposes.
microsensors;Devices with a size smaller than 1 mm that can convert a non-electric signal, such as temperature, into an electrical signal. Because of their size, microsensors offer better accuracy, range, and sensitivity compared to larger sensors.
interpret electronic design specifications;Analyse and understand detailed electronic design specifications.
identify improvement actions;Realise possible improvements for processes to increase productivity, improve efficiency, increase quality, and streamline procedures.
manage military logistics;Manage the supply and demand of resources on a military base or during a mission on field to troops in need, analyse equipment needs, interfere with enemy supplies, perform cost analysis, and other logistics activities specific to military operations.
perform property market research;Research properties in order to assess their usefulness for real estate activities, using various methods such as media research and visitation of properties, and identify the potential profitability in the development and trading of the property.
provide healthcare services to patients in specialised medicine;In the exercise of the medical doctor`s profession, provide healthcare services to patients within a special field of medicine in order to assess, maintain or restore patients` state of health.
manage guest support services;Monitor guest services to ensure that clients have a positive feeling.
provide information on carat rating;Inform customers about the exact amount of carats and percentage of gold of a piece of jewellery. E.g. 14-carat gold equals about 58% of pure gold.
use Swoogle;Identify digital information via Swoogle search engines which is a semantic web ontologies search engine.  
polish wafers;Operate robotic machines to clean, buff, and polish the wafers using a process called lapping. The result is wafers of silicon with a surface roughness of less than one millionth of a millimeter.
prevent technical problems with flying equipment;Anticipate technical issues with flying equipment and prevent them where possible.
practise singing;Study and practise lyrics, melody, and rhythm of songs.
tend cocoa pressing machines;Operate one or more hydraulic cocoa presses to remove specified amounts of cocoa butter from chocolate liquor.
use physiotherapy for treatment of animals;Adapt human physical therapy techniques to increase function and mobility of joints and muscles in animals.  The goal of physical therapy for animals is to improve quality of life and decrease pain. Cooperate with veterinarians and owners to design a physiotherapy treatment and care package.   
WhiteHat Sentinel;The computer program WhiteHat Sentinel is a specialised ICT tool which tests security weaknesses of the system for potentially unauthorised access to system information, developed by the software company WhiteHat Security.
measure ship tonnage;Measure ships to identify cargo hold and storage capacities.
use hydraulic modelling for water and wastewater management;Apply physical and mathematic formulae in order to analyse the performance of water infrastructure systems, calculate exposure to risks related to water pressure, pipe flaws and increased water demand, identify improvement needs and reduce operating costs. Process data gathered from geographic information systems, regular operation and mainteinance of water infrastructure and environmental management systems in order to build the model.
develop electricity distribution schedule;Develop plans which outline the timelines and routes for the distribution of electrical energy, taking into account both the current and potential future demands of electrical energy, ensuring that the supply can meet demands, and distribution occurs in an efficient and safe manner.
implement airside vehicle control provisions;Implement the provisions of the handbook for the movement of vehicles and persons airside.
handle meat processing equipment in cooling rooms;Push and put carcasses in and out the cooling room as specified. Use equipment specific to this room to handle meat and meat products.
draft the rules of the mediation service;Communicate and enforce the rules of mediation for an adequate provision of the service such as taking turns to speak, avoiding interruptions, and having a cooperative attitude.
use photodynamic therapy for cancer;Use Photodynamic Therapy (PDT), a cancer treatment method that combines a drug (or a photosensitising agent) with a specific sort of light.
guide dog training methods;The methods that are used to train dogs to guide people who are visually impaired.
phytosanitary measures;Measures related to controlling plant and crop diseases, pests, and pathogens.
climbing equipment;The various pieces of equipment used for climbing and associated operations, such as ropes, connectors, helmets, ascenders, arresters, harness, pulleys and devices. Their operation, usage cases, advantages, disadvantages and costs.
search for a suitable filming location;Search for locations suitable for film or photo shoots.
produce slaked lime;Produce slaked lime by transfering the quicklime from the storage tank to the dissolvation tanks where quicklime is mixed with water.
pave asphalt layers;Use different grades of asphalt to lay the asphalt layers of a road. Lay an asphalt base layer with low bitumen content to provide a stable surface, a binder layer with intermediate bitumen content, and a surface layer containing the highest grade material with the highest bitumen content to withstand the stresses of road transport. Tend a paver to lay the asphalt or use different techniques and instruments.
use deinking chemicals;Handle surfactants or deinking chemicals, which remove ink from fibres. Chemicals such as hydroxides, peroxides, and dispersants are used in processes such as bleaching, flotation, washing, and cleaning. Amongst these non-ionic and electrolyte surfactants are the most important.
drive two-wheeled vehicles;Drive two-wheeled vehicles such as bicycles and motorcycles for the performance of different tasks relating to the transportation of goods and passengers.
reduce business mobility costs;Apply innovative solutions to reduce expenses linked to the mobility of employees, such as fleet rental, vehicle repair, parking charges, fuel costs, train ticket fees and other hidden mobility costs.  Understand the total cost of mobility in order to develop corporate travel policies based on accurate data.
airport operating environment;Thoroughly understand the airport operating environment, the operational characteristics, services, activities, and procedures of a general aviation airport service area, as well as of those of the suppliers, partners, and other airport agencies.
microbiology of fresh milk;Types of bacteria present in milk before pasteurisation.
produce samples;Take a sample from the manufacturing machine, present it to a supervisor, make sure the right adjustments are made and quality or company standards are met.
types of written press;The various types, ranges, styles and subject matter of the written press such as magazines, journals and newspapers.
consult on malt beverages;Provide consultancy services to companies producing single malt beverages, supporting them in blending new creations.
perform water testing procedures;Conduct testing procedures on water quality, such as pH tests and dissolved solids. Understand instrumentation drawings.
prepare for nuclear medicine procedures;Prepare the patient, supplies and room for nuclear medicine treatment and imaging.
render 3D images;Use specialised tools to convert 3D wire frame models into 2D images with 3D photorealistic effects or non-photorealistic rendering on a computer.
MarkLogic;The NoSQL enterprise non-relational database used for creating, updating and managing large amounts of unstructured data stored in the cloud and which provides features such as semantics, flexible data models and Hadoop integration.
wash gutted fish;Wash gutted fish in cold water, rinse it, brush it in a machine, or apply a combination of these techniques.
audio mastering;The post-production process where the finished recorded audio is transferred to a data storage device from which it will be copied.
use hand signal for transport procedures;Use hand signals for transport procedures such as shunting loads and trains in long curves.
prosthetic-orthotic device materials;The materials used to create prosthetic-orthotic devices such as polymers, thermoplastic and thermosetting materials, metal alloys and leather. In the choice of materials, attention must be paid to medical regulations, cost and biocompatibility.
understand written Slovak;Read and comprehend written texts in Slovak.
produce reports based on animal records;Produce clear and comprehensive reports relating to individual animal histories as well as summary reports relevant to animal care and management within and across institutions.
reinforce positive behaviour;Reinforce positive behaviour in people during rehabilitation and counseling activities, to ensure that the person takes the necessary actions for positive results in a positive manner, so that they remain encouraged to continue their efforts and reach goals.
draw up professional texts;Compose and publish professional articles, internal documents, and instructional texts.
interrupt diving operations when necessary;Terminate or interrupt the diving operation if you judge that continuing the operation is likely to endanger the health or safety of any person involved.
plot shipping navigation routes;Plot the navigation route of a vessel under the review of a superior deck officer. Operate a ship radar or electronic charts and automatic identification system.
logistics;The management of resources such as materials, time, and information to control the flow of products between the point of origin and the point of use. This includes the production, packaging, storing and transportation of goods.
estimate consumption of water;Estimate, measure and register comsuption of water required for watering of greens or grounds areas.
conduct regular aviation research;Conduct research on a regular basis in order to stay up-to-date with aviation safety standards and procedures. Investigate new technologies and materials that may improve the efficiency of service delivery.
logging;The process of felling, cutting trees and transforming them into timber, including mechanical felling and processing.
handle veterinary patients;Handle veterinary patients in accommodation including the preparation, suitability, hygiene, and monitoring of their condition. Monitor and maintain animal accommodation. This includes selecting and preparing the accommodation for animals, cleaning, and maintenance.
execute disease and pest control activities;Execute disease and pest control activities using conventional or biological methods taking into account the climate, plant or crop type, health and safety and environmental regulations. Store and handle pesticides in accordance with recomandation and legislation.
intensive care medicine;Medical specialty dealing with the diagnosis and treatment of life-threatening conditions.
measure working time in goods production;Calculate and establish operative times in goods manufacturing using various method and techniques. Control the production timings, comparing with estimates.
contribute to practice innovation in health care;Contribute to improving care in the daily practice, by adapting to new technological improvements or innovations related to devices, material, procedures or guidelines used in health care.
use music according to the needs of patients;Select and adapt music, musical instruments, and equipment to accord with the strengths and needs of the patients.
create natural science taxonomies;Classify living organisms according to their features, properties, and natural science families.
robotics;The branch of engineering that involves the design, operation, manufacture, and application of robots. Robotics is part of mechanical engineering, electrical engineering, and computer science and overlaps with mechatronics and automation engineering.
communicate with social service users;Use verbal, non-verbal, written, and electronic communication. Pay attention to the specific social service users needs, characteristics, abilities, preferences, age, developmental stage, and culture.
store warehouse goods;Transport goods in the warehouse and place them in the designated locations with precision in order maximise use of space. Operate forklifts or other instruments to facilitate this activity.
pour mix into rubber pouches;Pour the chemical mix into rubber pouches, labeling them accordingly prior to transfer into storage.
identify indicators of problem gambling;Recognise and react adequately to signs of problem gambling, such as obsession, undue persistence in the face of mounting losses, irrational behaviour, and borrowing money.
manage lottery operations;Manage all lottery activities to ensure that operations are conducted properly. Note procedure problems and ensure that all lottery activities run according to the law and the organisations rules. Ensure the financing of lottery prices and implement action plans to ensure the lottery organisations sustainability.
types of sprinklers;The different types of installations using water supply for the control and extinguishing of fires. These systems include fast- and standard response sprinklers wet and dry pipe systems, deluge systems, pre-action systems, foam water sprinkler systems, water spray systems, and water mist systems. Their preferred usage cases, advantages and disadvantages.
prepare animals for veterinary surgery;Prepare animals for minor and major surgical procedures and carry out the correct positioning and use of aseptic skin preparation.
polish furniture;Apply polish to the furniture in order to maintain its wooden quality and natural beauty.
assess sportive performance;Assess performance following sports and athletic competition, identifying strengths and weaknesses and making adjustments to improve future performance.
move completed works;Move the complete works from the working table to drywall carts.
Pascal (computer programming);The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in Pascal.
neuropsychiatry;Neuropsychiatry is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
operate sound live;Operate sound system and audio devices during rehearsals or in a live situation.
direct customers to merchandise;Inform customers of where they can find the products they are searching for and escort them to their desired product.
ensure compliance with gas distribution schedule;Monitor the operations of a gas distribution facility and gas distribution systems in order to ensure that the distribution goals are met, and the gas supply demands are met.
regulate the speed of ships in ports;Regulate the speed of vessels in ports based on information provides by port authorities. Ensure the smooth arrival of the vessel into the port.
operate envelope machine;Operate machine that forms plain and window envelopes from paper rolls. Load stack of blanks into machine using a hoist, and thread paper through the machine.
perform ground-handling maintenance procedures;Ensure safety during ground-handling procedures, maintain ground service equipment, and conduct equipment checks.
risks associated with undertaking fishing operations;General risks occuring when working on fishing boats and specific risks occurring only in some fishing modalities. Prevention of threats and accidents.
compose description for web elements;Create texts to convey the message of a web element, such as images or frames, even in cases when it cannot be displayed to the user.
communicate production plan;Communicates production plan to all levels in a way that targets, processes, and requirements are clear. Ensures that information is passed to everyone involved in the process assuming their responsibility for overall success.
study play productions;Research how a play has been interpreted in other productions.
tend fans for machines;Start fans that force conditioned air into drums or compartments.
create moving images;Create and develop two-dimensional and three-dimensional images in motion and animations.
handle flammable substances;Manage flammable substances to roasting operations and ensure that safety measures are in place.
develop strategies for accessibility;Create strategies for a business to enable optimum accessibility for all clients.
calculate fuel sales from pumps;"Calculate daily fuel sales from fuel pumps; read and compare meter data."
media planning;The process of selecting the best media to reach marketing and advertising strategy objectives in order to promote a clients product or service. This process encompasses research on target audiences, frequency of advertisements, budgets and media platforms.
incidents and accidents recording;The methods to report and record incidents and accidents in the workplace.
operate optical assembly equipment;Set up and operate optical processing or assembly equipment, such as optical spectrum analysers, power saws, lasers, die bonders, soldering irons, and wire bonders.
handle knives;Use various types of knives and cutters for slaughtering processes. Use techniques for the usage of the knives. Select the right knives for the job at hand. Care for the knives.
attach accounting certificates to accounting transactions;Collate and link documents such as invoices, contracts, and payment certificates in order to back up the transactions made in the accounting of the company.
consider weather conditions in flight decisions;Delay or cancel flights if unsafe weather conditions might endanger the safety of aircraft, passengers or crew.
facilitate the healing process related to sexual assault;Intervene to support and facilitate the healing and growth of individuals who have experienced sexual assault by allowing them to recognise their memories and pain, identifying their influence on behaviour and learning to integrate them in their lives.
develop campaigns;Create and lead campaigns according to the mission of the agency or organisation.
oversee extra-curricular activities;Supervise and potentially organise educational or recreational activities for the students outside of mandatory classes.
clean honey from pollen;Clean honey from pollen if the requirement is having a clear honey liquid. Identifies honey impurities, such as wax, body parts of bees, or dust.
prepare production prototypes;Prepare early models or prototypes in order to test concepts and replicability possibilities. Create prototypes to assess for pre-production tests.
organise creative performance;Organise an event in which participants can express their creativity, such as putting on a dance, theatre, or talent show.
maxillofacial surgery;Maxillo-facial surgery is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
maintain mixer truck;Maintain the cement mixing truck by greasing the rollers and checking the oil and antifreeze levels.
provide financial product information;Give the customer or client information about financial products, the financial market, insurances, loans or other types of financial data.
impact of meteorological phenomena on mining operations;Local meteorological conditions and their impact on mining operations, including measurements.
carry out fish transportation;Can manually lift, transfer, position and set down a load, using lifting gears such as forklifts, winches, sea cranes and others. Can operate equipment used in the transportation of fish, shellfish, crustaceans and others, such as trucks, tractors, trailers, conveyers, etc.
Global Maritime Distress and Safety System;The internationally agreed-upon set of safety procedures, types of equipment and communication protocols used to increase safety and make it easier to rescue distressed ships, boats and aircraft.
manufacture weft knitted fabrics;Perform the operation, monitoring and maintenance of machines and processes to manufacture weft knitting fabrics.
follow code of ethics for biomedical practices;Deal with complex ethical issues and conflicts in biomedical science by following certain codes of ethics during healthcare practice. Raise ethical awareness amongst fellow workers.
support social service users with specific communication needs;Identify individuals who have specific communication preferences and needs, supporting them to interact with other people and monitoring communication to identify changing needs.
assess financial viability;Revise and analyse financial information and requirements of projects such as their budget appraisal, expected turnover, and risk assessment for determining the benefits and costs of the project. Assess if the agreement or project will redeem its investment, and whether the potential profit is worth the financial risk.
administer exams;Set the dates and policies for the exam session and make sure all materials are provided.
patrol areas;Patrol a designated area, watch out for and respond to suspicious and dangerous situations, and communicating with emergency response organisations.
carry out chimney pressure testing;Perform tests to ensure there are no leaks allowing smoke to enter interior surfaces.
clean drink dispense lines;Remove dirt and disinfect drink dispense lines on a regular basis, in line with operational procedures.
set up automotive robot;Set up and programme an automotive robot working on machine processes and substituting or collaboratively supporting human labour, such as the six-axis automotive robot.
perform manual work autonomously;Show the ability to pursue basic manual tasks without the help or assistance of others, not needing supervision or guidance, and taking responsibility for ones actions.
design hybrid operating strategies;Design operating strategies for hybrid drive systems, accounting for the boundaries for energy recuperation and its limiting factors. Consider the possible benefits connected to load shifting and how load shifting can improve the energy management. Understand the problems connected to intermittent operation of the internal combustion engine.
social justice;The development and principles of human rights and social justice and the way they should be applied on a case by case basis.
observe matter;Study the structure and characteristics of matter in order to identify the basic principles ruling these phenomena.
develop entertainment programmes;Create, schedule and guide engaging and challenging entertainment programmes.
examine area after blast;"Control blast area to check whether all explosives were safely detonated; declare blast area safe."
evaluate nursing care;Evaluate nursing care assessing mechanisms and processes for continuous quality improvement in nursing care, considering the scientific, technical and ethical development.
carry objects;Carry and relocate objects from one place to another adhering to health and safety regulations. Carry objects while maintaining their integrity.
supervise doctoral students;Assist students working on a doctorate in specifying their research question and deciding on a methodology. Monitor their progress and conduct quality reviews of their work.
monitor patients health condition;Frequently examine the mental or physical health condition of a patient, monitor the use of medication and report on their condition to your superiors or to the patients family.
apply wallpaper paste;Apply wallpaper paste evenly, usually onto the wallpaper. Lay out the wallpaper and paste it. Fold the wallpaper over itself without creasing to facilitate the hanging. Let the paper soak before applying. If using non-woven wallpaper or reinforced wallpaper, which does not need to soak, paste the wall instead.
install artwork in gallery;"Organise tools and equipment; ensure correct and safe installation of the art piece."
food labels;"The utility of food labels; their meaning and role in encouraging a healthful diet."
crush grapes;Crush grapes manually or mechanically and produce wine.
use pattern-cutting softwares;Use pattern-cutting softwares in order to create templates for the manufacturing of wearing apparel, made-up textile articles, and textile products. Set adequate patterns in softwares for replicability of products taking into account sizes and shapes.
tie reinforcing steel;Tie together bars of reinforced steel or rebar to ensure stability of the structure before concrete is poured. Use metal wire to tie the bars together at every second, third or fourth intersection as required. Use the standard flat tie or more advances ties such as saddle ties and figure 8 ties to support heavier loads such as workers standing or climbing on the rebar structure.
drive trams;"Drive trams through urban areas; pick up and drop off passengers and freight."
interpret seismic data;Interpret data gathered through seismic survey to visualize the subsurface of the earth.
maintain a non-emotional involvement;Keep a broader perspective and stay non-attached to the emotions and feelings expressed by the client during counselling sessions.
position engine on test stand;Position the engine on a stand or in a cell, ready for testing, by using a hoist or overhead crane.
monitor hatchery production;Monitor and maintain hatchery production, monitoring stocks and movements.
administer drugs to facilitate breeding;Administer specific drugs for synchronisation of breeding cycles to animals in accordance with veterinary and owner instructions. This includes the safe use and storage of drugs and equipment and record keeping.
plan measures to safeguard natural protected areas;Plan protection measures for natural areas that are protected by law, to reduce the negative impact of tourism or natural hazards on the designated areas. This includes activities such as controlling the use of land and natural resources and monitoring the flow of visitors.
emergency cases;The emergency cases with different disease patterns and syndromes, the special emergency cases and their appropriate interventions.
provide clinical psychological expert opinions;Provide clinical psychological expert opinions and reports regarding the performance, personality traits, behaviours and mental disorders.
assess healthcare users risk for harm;Evaluate if healthcare users might potentially be a threat themselves or others, intervening to minimise the risk and implement prevention methods.
adjust the work during the creative process;Analyse the work according to the initial artistic intent and modify it if appropriate. Adjust the components of the work according to a specific analysis and/or new artistic goals and production constraints.
environmental indoor quality;The consequences on indoor environmental quality of every choice made in the design process.
Tamil;The Tamil language.
work with an artistic team;Work closely with directors, fellow actors and playwrights to find the ideal interpretation to a role.
jell fruits;Transform fruits into jelly according to procedures. Measure the amount of sugar and of the rest of the ingredients and store the mixture in a room with the appropriate temperature.
maintain technical equipment;Maintain an inventory of cultivation equipment and supplies. Order additional materials as needed.
recognise signs of wood rot;Check whether a wood element shows signs of rot. Aurally inspect the wood by testing what sound it makes on impact. Check for visual signs of rot.
anticipate the overhaul of the fleet;"Anticipate the overhaul of fleet and equipment; plan resources required to successfully perform the overhaul; ensure that regular operations continue as normal."
follow manufacturing work schedule;Follow the planning set up by manufacturing companies managers exactly to ensure one production process is not delayed due to another and they follow each other smoothly.
research satellite launch sites;Research the suitability and adequacy of selected satellite launch sites. Analyse the launch site in relation to the purpose and requirements of the anticipated operation.
forensic physics;The physics involved in crime solving and testing such as ballistics, vehicle collisions, and fluid testing.
document management;The methodology of tracking, managing and storing documents in a systematic and organised manner as well as keeping a record of the versions created and modified by specific users (history tracking).
drip candles;Drip wicks in heated wax repeatedly to create candles, either by hand or machine.
read electricity meter;Interpret the measuring instruments which measure the consumption and reception of electricity in a facility or residence, record the results in a correct manner.
psychological healthcare services;The characteristics of the psychological healthcare services in the inpatient and outpatient sector.
psychological measures in working with other health care professionals;The various psychological measures considering medical aspects in terms of the collaboration with other health care professionals.
offset printing;Technological printing process where the ink is spread onto a plate with etched images, then to a rubber blanket, and finally onto the target medium, usually paper. This method is used for mass printing on large scales.
execute integration testing;Perform testing of system or software components grouped in multiple ways to evaluate their ability to interconnect, their interface and their ability to provide global functionality.
mount stones in jewels;Mount gemstones in pieces of jewellery closely following design specifications. Place, set and mount gemstones and metal parts.
grind glass;Grind and polish glass or lenses smooth through the application of a range of glass grinding techniques. Glass can be ground using hand tools or glass grinding machinery. Treat the glass with abrasive chemicals during the process.
provide legal advice;Provide advice to clients in order to ensure that their actions are compliant with the law, as well as most beneficial for their situation and specific case, such as providing information, documentation, or advice on the course of action for a client should they want to take legal action or legal action is taken against them.
check dining room cleanliness;Control dining areas including their floor and wall surfaces, tables and serving stations and ensure appropriate cleanliness.
interact verbally in Sardinian;Communicate orally in ?Sardinian.
Greek;The Greek language. Greek is an official and working language of the EU.
use obstetric sonography;Apply medical ultrasonography to obstetrics to show the foetus in the mother`s womb.
review ship documentation;Review ship documentation related to cargo shipping permits, public health information, crew members and activities, and other compliance regulation.
write to a deadline;Schedule and respect tight deadlines, especially for theatre, screen and radio projects.
maintain dental station and operatory;Maintain the dental station or operatory area in a clean, orderly and functional condition, sorting and storing instruments, linens medications, and other supplies, and oiling and cleaning equipment such as handpieces and cavitron.
train guides;Give training to fellow guides and volunteers in the tourism industry, the arts and cultural industry and any other relevant industry.
signal for explosion;"Set safety perimeter and safety signalisation around blast area; ensure that blast site is clear and safe before explosions."
adapt developed game to the market;Follow gaming trends in order to adjust the development of new games to the current needs of the market.
manage acute pain;Handle patients with acute pain and ease their pain accordingly.
disseminate flight information;Compose and disseminate flight information to others within the company. This is the source of information provided to the travelling public.
interpret graphical communication interfaces;Have the capacity to understand the various shapes and representations used in the schematics and 3D isometric model presented by communication programmes.
liaise with security authorities;Respond quickly to security incidents and violations by calling the police and keep in touch with other relevant parties involved in the potential prosecution of the offender.
review construction projects;Review the documents and applications for building projects, discuss necessary changes with the contractors, and forward the documents to the building authorities if needed. Document any deviation from the original plans and inform the authorities.
first response;The procedures of pre-hospital care for medical emergencies, such as first aid, resuscitation techniques, legal and ethical issues, patient assessment, trauma emergencies.
counsel on end-of-life care;Advise elderly patients and their families on end-of-life care such as assisted ventilation, artificial feeding and other ethical issues.
prepare trial accounting balances;Ensure that all transactions are recorded in the books of the company and totalise all the debits and the credits of the accounts to find out balance in the accounts.
hire beaters;Hire and supervise beaters to startle game during shoots and related activities.
separate nitroglycerin from acids;Separate nitroglycerin and acids prior to processing using the gravity separator.
team building;Principle usually combined with a type of event that stimulates team effort, usually to complete certain assignments or to perform a recreational activity. This can apply to various kinds of teams, often to a team of colleagues socialising outside of the workplace.
integrate principles of Pilates training;Apply the principles of Pilates matwork training and components of health related fitness to the design of an individual programme to meet client’s abilities, needs, and lifestyle and exercise preferences.
design optical prototypes;Design and develop prototypes of optical products and components using technical drawing software.
commercial photography;The techniques and methods used in photography with the aim of engaging in a commercial activity.
operate file for deburring;Operate various sizes and types of files used for removing burrs from and smoothening the edges of a workpiece.
natural history;The history of natural organisms and ecosystems.
support individuals to adjust to physical disability;Assist individuals to adjust to the implications of physical disability and to understand the new responsibilities and level of dependency.
provide health counselling;Provide health counselling, training and coaching to people of all ages, groups and organisations.
develop business plans;Plan, write and collaborate in the implement business plans. Include and foresee in the business plan the market strategy, the competitive analysis of the company, the design and the development of the plan, the operations and the management aspects and the financial forecast of the business plan.
build trust;Express intentions and behaviour in a coherent and transparent manner, inviting reciprocity and establishing the grounds for a trusting and reliable connection between people and teams.
nurse trees;Plant, fertilise and trim trees, shrubs and hedges. Examine trees to assess their condition and determine treatment. Work to eradicate insects, fungus and diseases which are harmful to trees, assist with prescribed burning, and work on preventing erosion.
filter wine;Filter the wine to remove any solid residue. Place filtered wine in tanks or casks for storage and maturation.
serve beers;Provide beers from bottle or draught, specific to the type of beer.
test oxygen purity;Test the purity and the moisture content of the processed oxygen making use of the burette moisture meter.
analyse legal enforceability;Examine the clients present situation, ideas and wishes under a legal perspective to assess their legal justification or enforceability.
manage desalination control system;Manage a system for the removal of salt in order to obtain potable water.
assemble guns;Replace or attach firearm components such as optical sights, pistol grips, recoil pads and choking devices.
drive timber piles;Use any of various types of pile drivers to drive piles made of timber into the ground for structure stabilisation purposes. Take care to position the pile and pile driver correctly and apply the correct amount of force to drive the pile while preventing damage and physical stresses.
sketch leather goods;Be able to use various sketching and drawing techniques, including artistic representation, by hand or by computer, being aware of proportion and perspective, to sketch and draw leather goods in an accurate manner, both as 2D flat designs or as 3D volumes. Be able to prepare specification sheets with details of materials, components and manufacturing requirements.
monitor the nutrition status of the individual;Follow up the nutrition status of patients, their weight, food and fluid intake and nutritional care plan to identify and control the effects of diet changes.
conduct research on hearing topics;Conduct and direct research on topics related to hearing, reporting findings to help in the development of new technology, procedures, or treatments.
handle intermodal equipment;Handle intermodal equipment e.g. cranes, sideloaders, forklifts and hostler trucks.
swim;Move through water by means of the limbs.
ABAP;The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in ABAP.
conduct textile testing operations;Prepare for textile testing and evaluation, gathering the test samples, conducting and recording tests, validating data and presenting results.
architectural conservation;The practice of recreating forms, features, shapes, compositions, and architectural techniques of past constructions in order to preserve them.
interact verbally in Bengali;Communicate orally in ?Bengali.
use session border controller;Manage calls during a given voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) session and ensure security and quality of service by operating a session border controller (SBC).
develop online sales business plan;Gather relevant information and write a well-structured document providing the trajectory of a business project, adapted to an online environment.
assist social service users in formulating complaints;Help social services users and caregivers file complaints, taking the complaints seriously and responding to them or passing them to the appropriate person.
mix pencil lead materials;Mix the appropriate amount of graphite and clay to obtain the desired degree of hardness. In the case of colour pencil, mix the right amount of pigment with kaolin and a binding agent.
tend dry-press;Tend the dry-press machines used to transform clay or silica into bricks.
issue fines;Recognise a violation in legislation, and issue the appropriate fine to the offender compliant with regulations and ensuring the person is aware of the specific violation they performed.
operate tunnel finisher machine;Handle wide or narrow body tunnel finishers which remove wrinkles from garments. Insert the material in a steam chamber, making the fabric moldable.
tend textile printing machines;Operate textile printing machines keeping efficiency and productivity at high levels.
cinematography;The science of recording light and electromagnetic radiation in order to create a motion picture. The recording can happen electronically with an image sensor or chemically on light sensitive materials such as film stock.
replicate customer software issues;Use specialised tools to replicate and analyse the conditions that caused the set of software states or outputs reported by the customer in order to provide adequate solutions.
analyse text before translation;Understand the messages conveyed and the nuances of the text in the original text to be translated.
teach economic principles;Instruct students in the theory and practice of economics and economic research, and more specifically in topics such as production, distribution, financial markets, economic models, macroeconomics, and microeconomics.
create a rhyme scheme structure;Create and develop a rhyme scheme for a song in order to write lyrics according to that scheme.
handle high voltage of airport lighting;Handle high voltages, series circuits, and lighting installations according to safety procedures. Ensure the functionality of these systems for airport operations.
leasing characteristics;The clauses present in leasing contracts, the types of leases and their advantages and disadvantages.
identify damage to public space;Monitor the state of public spaces and properties, such as parks, roads, public buildings, and public squares, during work activities in order to identify recent damage and assess the gravity of the damage.
provide accurate information on water routes;Provide skippers or captains with accurate and timely information on all vessel movements and relevant river or sea information accordingly.
train dogs;Train dogs to behave appropriately and obey their owners commands. Use a variety of techniques like clicker training, relationship-based training or dominance-based training to obtain favourable behaviours in the dog.
radiation protection;The measures and procedures used to protect people and the environment from the harmful effects of ionising radiation.
manage outsourced security;Oversee and regularly review external security provision.
follow up pipeline integrity management priorities;Perform follow up on priority actions in the pipeline infrastructure, such as complete coverage, service consistency, and facilitation.
collect fares;"Collects fares, the fees paid by passengers for use of a public transportation system; this includes counting and returning money."
analyse financial risk;Identify and analyse risks that could impact an organisation or individual financially, such as credit and market risks, and propose solutions to cover against those risks.
carry out orthoptic treatments;Carry out orthoptic treatments by using occlusion therapy for amblyopia, prism therapy, and exercises of convergence and fusional ability where indicated.
manage humanitarian aid;Plan and provide assistance and help in order to respond to humanitarian crises.
assist in the placement of gravestones;Provide assistance to companies or other professionals that place tombstones on graves.
refer healthcare users;Make referrals to other professionals, based on the healthcare users requirements and needs, especially when recognising that additional healthcare diagnostics or interventions are required.
operate raw mineral size reduction equipment;Operate equipment used to reduce the size of raw minerals to prepare it for further processing. Work with gyrotary and jaw crushers, and roll, ball and autogenous mills.
work in multidisciplinary health teams;Participate in the delivery of multidisciplinary health care, and understand the rules and competences of other healthcare related professions.
compute irrigation pressure;Calculate how much pressure is needed for existing and planned irrigation systems. Include discharge and spray radius specification.
conduct psychotherapy risk assessments;Conduct risk assessment procedures, making use of any tools or guidelines. Recognise language used by the patient that might imply harm to self or others asking direct questions if required. Facilitate the process of getting the patient to discuss any thoughts of suicide, and quantify the likelihood of these being put to practice.
centre lenses;Adjust optical axis and mechanical axis of lenses so that they would coincident. This process is called centring.
review construction plans authorisations;Review plans for conformance to codes and authorised approval for construction.
metal smoothing technologies;The various technologies used for the smoothening, polishing and buffing of fabricated metal workpieces.
perform on-treatment review;Assess patients regularly while they are undergoing radiotherapy, prescribing drugs to counteract side effects where necessary, or referring them to other health professionals if needed.
development delays;The condition in which a child or adult needs more time to reach certain development milestones than that needed by the average person not affected by a development delay.
mechanical mine machinery manuals;Comprehend manufacturers manuals for the installation and operation of mining machinery. Understand schematic drawings.
clinical neurophysiology;Clinical neurophysiology is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC
test concrete;Test concrete hardness so that it is according to specifications and ready to be removed from moulds.
prepare case files in relation to animal related investigations;Support animal related investigations by collating relevant information and presenting it in a clear and logical fashion.
cut footwear uppers;Check and complete cutting orders, select leather surfaces and classify cut pieces. Identify faults and defects on the leather surface. Recognise colours, shades and type of finishes. Use the following tools: knife, pattern templates, cutting board and marking needle.
perform services in a flexible manner;Adapt service approach when circumstances change.
develop corporate training programmes;Design, create and review new corporate training programmes to meet the developmental demands of a certain organisation. Analyse the efficiency of these educational modules and apply changes to it if necessary.
contribute to registration of pharmaceutical products;Participate in the registration process that allows the sale and distribution of substances that treat or prevent human and animal diseases or enable medical diagnosis.
conduct spontaneous child deliveries;Carry out spontaneous child delivery, managing the stress related to the event and all the risks and complications that may arise, performing operations such as episiotomies and breech deliveries, where required.
inspect for faults in the vehicles electric system;"Search for flaws in a vehicles electric system; understand manufacturers circuit diagrams and specification manuals."
design natural gas processing systems;Design equipment and procedures to remove impurities from natural gas in order to ensure the by-products comply to regulations and can be used as fuel.
manufacturing of office equipment;The manufacture of calculators, staplers, cartridges, binding equipment, photocopy machines, boards and all types of equipment and machines used in an office.
narrow web flexographic printing press;Methods and restrictions of printing on flexographic printing presses, which use narrow width of printing, can achieve high quality, and utilise slowly drying water-based solvents.
draft corporate emails;Prepare, compile, and write mails with the adequate information and an appropriate language to make internal or external communications.
adjust hearing aids;Program hearing aids using a computer, fitting and dispensing hearing aids, or administering cochlear implants, electronic devices used to improve a person`s hearing.
ice-skating;The different styles and techniques of ice-skating such as figure skating and speed skating, the rules of competitive skating and ice-skating equipment.
construct greens and grounds;Construct and reconstruct playing fields and bunkers, tees at greens.
set up basic recording;Set up a basic stereo audio recording system.
develop osteopathic treatment plans;Develop new osteopathic treatment plans and review existing components such as osteopathic manual therapy, manual therapy of soft tissue and other tissue, therapeutic range of motion, therapeutic rehabilitative exercise and the application of technological equipment (ultrasound, traction, electrical and light modalities).
types of engraving needles;Various types of needles used for engraving, their qualities and their applications.
apply fashion trends to footwear and leather goods;Be able to stay up to date on the latest styles, attending fashion shows and review fashion/clothing magazines and manuals, analysing the past and present fashion trends in areas such as footwear, leather goods and clothing market. Use analytical thinking and creative models to apply and to interpret in a systematic way the upcoming trends in terms of fashion and life styles.
transportation engineering;The subdiscipline of civil engineering that plans, designs and studies the operation and management of the transportation of people and goods in a safe, efficient, comfortable, economical and environmentally friendly manner.
decorate furniture;Use techniques such as gilding, silver-plating, framing or engraving to add specific decorations in the material of the furniture.
write Persian;Compose written texts in Persian.
use ICT peripherals;Use the physical parts or components of information technology equipment such as monitor, mouse, keyboard, storage devices, printers or scanners.
marine technology;Technologies for the safe use, exploitation, protection of, and intervention in the marine environment.
operate pulper;Set up and monitor the blender that crushes wastepaper and dry pulp sheets and mixes them with water to produce slurry for the production of paper and paper-related products.
take referred patients;Take referred patients, including self-referred ones and referrals from other professionals such as teachers, psychologists, therapists and psychiatrists.
perform smart grid feasibility study;Perform the evaluation and assessment of the potential of a smart grid within the project. Realise a standardised study to determine the energy saving contribution, costs and restrictions, and conduct research to support the process of decision making. Consider challenges and opportunities associated with the implementation of wireless technologies for smart grids.
process customer orders;Handle orders placed by customers. Receive the customer order and define a list of requirements, a working process, and a time frame. Execute the work as planned.
types of glazing;Various types of glass, insulating glazing and mirror glass and their contribution to energy performance. Their usage cases, advantages and disadvantages, and price points.
work in vocational school;Work in a vocational school that instructs students in practical courses.
maintain vehicle electrical equipment;Maintain and repair electrical equipment, switchboards, electric motors, generators and other electrical and electronic devices used in vehicles. Detect electric malfunctions, locate faults, and take measures to prevent damage. Operate electrical testing and measuring equipment. Interpret electrical and simple electronic diagrams.
footwear components;Footwear components both for uppers (vamps, quarters, linings, stiffeners, toe puffs etc.) and bottoms (soles, heels, insoles etc.). Ecological concerns and the importance of recycling. Selection of suitable materials and components based on their influence on the footwear style and characteristics, properties and manufacturability. Procedures and methods in chemical and mechanical processing of leather and non-leather materials.
animal species;The characteristics of different species and breeds of animals (relevant to the occupation).
maintain database security;Master a wide variety of information security controls in order to pursue maximal database protection.
advise on foreign affairs policies;Advise governments or other public organisations on the development and implementation of foreign affairs policies.
law of obligation;The legal procedures that regulate the rights and duties arising between individuals.
tend counterblow machine;Tend an extrusion machine, also known as impactor, designed for forming hot or cold metal and compensating for potential shortcoming of the drop hammer by having both the hammer and anvil move. Monitor and operate the machine according to regulations.
maintain finishing units;Maintain the automatic finishing units by replacing finishers, knives and reamers.
use translation memory software;Facilitate efficient language translation using translation memory software.
lead drilling crews;Collaborate and guide members of a drilling crew by specifying their mining objectives, actions, and expectations required from them.
fill sacks;Fills sacks with feeds coming from a sack holder machine.
manage diversification of maritime operations;Keep abreast of trends and turnover possibilities for maritime operations and pursue maximum usability of the fleet. Oversee opportunities such as offshore supply, firefighting, oil spill recovery, heavy lifting, or cable laying services.
store performance equipment;Dismantle sound, light and video equipment after a performance event and store in a safe place.
apply fishery biology to fishery management;Manage fisheries resources by applying specific techniques based on fishery biology.
provide food and beverages;Provide people with food and drink during trip, a flight, an event, or any other occurrence.
understand spoken Czech;Comprehend orally expressed Czech.
accounting;The documentation and processing of data regarding financial activities.
deep learning;The principles, methods and algorithms of deep learning, a subfield of artificial intelligence and machine learning. Common neural networks like perceptrons, feed-forward, backpropagation, and convolutional and recurrent neural networks.
classify insurance claims;Process incoming claims in order to assess their nature and categorise them according to the different types of insurance and claims handling procedures, in order to ensure proper administrative handling, and to guaranee that the claim may proceed to the correct loss adjuster or other claims professionals.
protein;The nutrients that provide living organisms with the energy to live and operate.
access to documents regulations;The principles on public access to documents and the applicable regulatory framework, such as Regulation (EC) no 1049/2001 or the different provision applicable at national level.
diving vessels systems;The characteristics, functioning and way of working with dynamic positioning systems, construction barges and dive support vessels.
assess coverage possibilities;Examine the reports dealing with damage appraisal or injury examination in order to verify whether the insureds damages or injuries are covered in their insurance policies, and if they are to assess to which extent they are covered and what settlements the insurer may have to provide.
instruct on energy saving technologies;Instruct the facility manager or similar figures on monitoring parameters, to guarantee that the system achieves the designed energy saving goals.
organise projects to fill education needs;Fill education gaps by organising projects and activities that help people to grow academically, socially or emotionally.
show diplomacy;Deal with people in a sensitive and tactful way.
motivate in sports;Positively foster athletes and participants intrinsic desire to carry out the required tasks to fulfill their goals and to push themselves beyond their current levels of skill and understanding.
work with the lighting crew;Work with the crew responsible for the lighting setup and operation to get directions from them on where to stand for an aesthetic result.
apply good clinical practices;Ensure compliance with and application of the ethical and scientific quality standards used to conduct, record and report clinical trials that involve human participation, at an international level.
gel permeation chromatography;Polymer analysis technique which separates the analytes on the basis of their weight.
manage emergency care situations;Manage situations in which decision making under time pressure is essential to save lives.
feed press cylinders;Power press cylinders with paper and adjust its feed and tension controls according to the required paper size.
check travel documentation;Control tickets and travel documents, allocate seats and note food preferences of people on tour.
review completed contracts;Review content and check accuracy of completed contracts.
manage casino;Pro-actively manage all aspects of the casino operation with special emphasis upon the delivery of effective and efficient gaming performance. Maximise turnover and margin opportunities on all gaming offers, including electronic gaming by deploying all available resources effectively. 
develop audit plan;Define all organisational tasks (time, place and order) and develop a checklist concerning the topics to be audited.
trade in musical instruments;Buy and sell musical instruments, or serve as an intermediate between potential buyers and sellers.
manage loans;Evaluate and approve or reject commercial, real state or credit loans. Follow up their status and advice borrowers on financial status and payment methods.   
write Tamil;Compose written texts in Tamil.
implement fin fish feeding regimes;Implement daily fin fish feeding regimes to take account of environmental variations. Check feeding regimes are followed through the accurate implementation of feeding procedures. Implement adjustments to feeding regimes to take account of fluctuations in production performance and variations in environmental conditions. Control specialist feeding regimes to support specified production requirements. Investigate changes in feeding behaviour to determine cause and required corrective action.
manage brand assets;Process for managing brands as assets in order to maximise their value.
advise on fragrances;Provide advice on chemical fragrances to clients such as chemical manufacturers, chemical plants and researchers.
advise on geology for mineral extraction;Provide advice of the impact of geological factors on the development of mineral production. Take into account factors such as cost, safety, and characteristics of deposits.
Prototyping development;The prototyping development model is a methodology to design software systems and applications.
hardware components suppliers;The suppliers who can deliver the required hardware components.
ensure inspections of facilities;Plan and make sure that a regular inspection system is in place to ensure they are fit for purpose and to prevent hazards and further risks.
document prior learning assessments;Observe a performance and use existing templates to protocol answers and information collected during tests, interviews, or simulations. Adhere to a pre-defined frame of reference and structure the protocol comprehensible for others. Ensure that pre-defined templates and procedures are clear, comprehensible, and unambiguous.
electrical wiring diagrams;The visual schematic representation of an electrical circuit, its components, and the connections between these components.
adjust vulcanizing machine;Adjust the heating of the vulcanising machine according to the specified temperature, ensuring the placing of the tire in the tire mould is safe.
conduct mobile marketing;Conduct mobile marketing using a mobile device e.g. tablet or smartphone. Gather personalised information and transfer it to customers in order to promote services or goods.
ICT performance analysis methods;The methods used to analyse software, ICT system and network performance which provide guidance to root causes of issues within information systems. The methods can analyse resource bottlenecks, application times, wait latencies and benchmarking results.
livestock selection principles;Selection criteria of livestock and determination of livestock classes.  
attend vehicle auctions;Attend auctions to purchase vehicles for resale, taking into account actual market demands.
scientific research methodology;The theoretical methodology used in scientific research involving doing background research, constructing an hypothesis, testing it, analysing data and concluding the results.
train naval crew;Train the crew of a navy base and ships in the regulations of navy operations and relevant knowledge and skills to a navy, ensuring the crews welfare.
pay attention to safety while performing forestry operations;Accomplish forestry related tasks by paying attention to small details which can contribute to a safer work environment.
repair prostheses;Repair damage to prostheses for stage performances.
liaise with educational staff;Communicate with the school staff such as teachers, teaching assistants, academic advisors, and the principal on issues relating to students well-being. In the context of a university, liaise with the technical and research staff to discuss research projects and courses-related matters.
analyse information systems;Conduct analyses of information systems such as archives, libraries and documentation centers to verify their effectiveness. Develop specific problem solving techniques in order to improve the performance of the systems.
prepare shipments in time;Prepare product for shipment as scheduled.
advise customers on financing options for vehicles;"Provide car shoppers with financing options and warranties in order to buy vehicles; prepare all the necessary documentation and arrangements for buying  a car."
execute proofs of alcohol mixture;Measure temperature (using e.g. thermometer) and specific gravity (using e.g. alcohol-proof hydrometer) and compare readings with tables from standard gauging manuals to determine proof of mixture.
manufacture prosthetic-orthotic devices;Create prosthetic-orthotic devices according to the designs of the prosthetist-orthotist, company specifications and national and international regulations. Use specialised materials, tools and machinery.
plan evaluation;Define work parameters, plans and agreements for the evaluation.
collect final tobacco product;Collect finished tobacco products such as cigars or cigarettes. Place trays at delivery end of machine to catch branded products and remove filled trays. Ensure the integrity and quality of the product.
advise on haberdashery products;"Provide advice to customers on haberdasheries such as threads, zips, needles and pins; offer different shapes, colours and sizes until customer comes across haberdashery of preference."
work in a food processing team;"Collaborate in a team with other food processing professionals in service of the food &amp; beverages industry."
hazardous waste storage;The regulations and procedures surrounding the safekeeping of materials and substances which pose health and safety risks.
integrate system components;Select and use integration techniques and tools to plan and implement integration of hardware and software modules and components in a system.
assist blood sample collection;Cooperate with medical team in blood sample collection.
perform dental radiographs;Take and develop dental radiographs or x-rays for patients, by properly positioning the patient and film/image receptor to take intra- and extra-oral radiographs, applying all regulations for patient safety (shielding, operator protection, beam collimation).
design hot water systems;Design hot water distribution systems for uses such as heating and distributing potable water. Design insulation systems and solutions for heat recovery. Consider the influence of insulation on the total demand for energy and calculate the insulation needs.
evaluate engine performance;"Read and comprehend engineering manuals and publications; test engines in order to evaluate engine performance."
search engine optimisation;The marketing approach which promotes webpage presentation by affecting the specific structures of the website which impact its visibility in unpaid search results.
psychological theories;The historical development of counselling and psychological theories, as well as the perspectives, applications, and interviewing and counselling strategies.
vehicle manufacturing process;Series of steps taken in order to produce a car or any other motor vehicle such as the design, the chassis and body assembly, the painting process, the interior assembly and the quality control.
produce customised products;Produce goods designed and created to fit the specific needs or request of a customer.
create sculpture prototype;Create sculpture prototypes or models of objects to be sculpted.
tend agitation machine;Tend agitation machine ensuring that there is a uniform agitation of the batch.
undertake procedures to meet aircraft flight requirements;Ensure that operation certificates are valid, guarantee that take-off mass is a maximum of 3,175 kg, verify that the minimum crew is adequate according to regulations and needs, ensure that the configuration settings are correct, and check if engines are suitable for the flight.
interact verbally in Armenian;Communicate orally in Armenian.
Bengali;The Bengali language.
carry out improvised vehicle repairs;"Identify mechanical/technical car problems; perform improvised or intermediate repairs on vehicles; take into account individual customer requests."
prevent damage in a furnace;Provide damage and risk prevention in a furnace or a smelter.
operate wood board press;Set up and monitor the machine that bonds wood chips mixed with adhesives and other materials together by applying pressure to create wooden or cork boards.
ground segment;"Know the ground-based infrastructure necessary to support the operation of satellites, including the operation of spacecraft in orbit; receive and process satellite data."
assess groundwater environmental impact;Estimate environmental impact of groundwater abstraction and management activities.
create risk maps;Use data visualisation tools in order to communicate the specific financial risks, their nature and impact for an organisation.
maintain the trust of service users;Establish and maintain the trust and confidence of the client, communicating in an appropriate, open, accurate and straightforward way and being honest and reliable.
select livestock;Tag, sort and separate animals by purpose and destination taking into account the condition of the animal and relevant legislation
curriculum objectives;The goals identified in curricula and defined learning outcomes.
provide advice on travel destinations;Give relevant information and advice on holiday or travel destinations and discuss means of transportation.
free fatty acid elimination processes;The processes for the refining of edible oils and fats to eliminate free fatty acids (FFA). This includes the physical refining, a process that builds on the lower boiling point of the free fatty acids compared to the boiling point of the triglyceride oil, and also chemical or alkaline refining, where an alkali is used to neutralise the free fatty acids.
ICT environmental policies;The international and organisational policies which deal with the assessment of the environmental impact of innovations and developments in the field of ICT, as well as with methods for reducing negative impact and applying ICT innovations to aid the environment.
advocate for healthcare users needs;Promote patient and family needs in different settings such as inpatient, outpatient, at home, and in the community.
make mosaic;Create a mosaic by laying out individually cut pieces of suitable materials, such as glass, ceramics, or shells, in artful shapes. Work with one or several mosaic techniques, such as direct mosaic, indirect mosaic and double inverse mosaic.
analog electronics theory;The theory based on analogue circuits in which volumes (voltage or current) continuously vary over time.
apply self-defence;Defend the well-being of oneself in case of threat.
monitor customer service;Ensure all employees are providing excellent customer service in accordance to company policy.
operate mechanical street sweeping equipment;Use and adjust accordingly mechanical equipment such as vacuums, guards, sprayer or water hoses used to eliminate street debris.
update language skills;Research or practice language skills to stay current with language changes in order to best translate or interpret.
integrate engineering principles in architectural design;Integrate engineering principles in architectural design under the guidance of engineers from different fields. Integrate electrical, civil, etc. engineering in architectural drafting.
forecast meteorological conditions;"Conduct surveys of meteorological conditions; prepare weather forecast for airport."
maintain auxiliary ore processing systems;Operate and maintain auxiliary ore-processing systems e.g. fluid dispensing systems and conveyor belt systems.
verify formal ICT specifications;Check capabilities, correctness and efficiency of intended algorithm or system to match certain formal specifications.
design enterprise architecture;Analyse the business structure and provide a logical organisation of business processes and information infrastructure. Apply principles and practices which help organisations to realise their strategies, respond to disruptions and achieve their goals.
negotiate with artists;Communicate and negotiate with artist and artist management about prices, terms and schedules.
suggest well maintenance;Ensure appropriate well maintenance is provided after discovering issues or risks on the drilling rig or drilling site.
maintain the veterinary reception area;Maintain the reception area, including appearance and hygiene, to give a positive impression of the organisation.
consider social impact of actions on service users;Act according to the political, social and cultural contexts of social service users, considering the impact of certain actions on their social well being.
quantitative sensory testing;The principles of different available methods and paradigms of quantitative sensory testing for heat sensing thresholds and pain thresholds and the limitations of psychophysical techniques.
apply polishing lubricants;Apply the appropriate lubricant matching the kind of metal of the processed metal workpiece during polishing processes, such as was or kerosene.
carry out interviews to select artistic team members;Determine the content, physical and material conditions of the interview. Describe the project parameters. Evaluate personal, artistic and technical skills according to casting requirements, and candidates’ interest in the project.
identify the factors causing changes in food during storage;recognize the most relevant factors (chemical, physical, environmental etc) that can alter the food during its storage
pick orders for dispatching;Pick orders in warehouses destined for dispatching, ensuring that correct numbers and types of goods are loaded and dispatched. Tag and mark product items as requested.
assist tree identification;Assist in the development and improvement of techniques for measuring and identifying trees. Obtain and use various sources of information to accurately identify and name trees, use tree characteristics to aid identification, identify tree species in all seasons.
boxing;The techniques of boxing related to stance, defense and punches such as jab, uppercut, bobbing and blocking. The rules of the sport and different boxing styles such as slugger and swarmer.
schedule artistic activities;Plan, design and facilitate a schedule of artistic activities for individuals and groups.
allocate paychecks;Distribute paychecks either by printing them out and handing them to the relevant employees or digitally through email or other systems.
create cadastral maps;Create maps using data gathered during surveying and measurement activities and specialised software which outline a regions constructions and buildings boundaries.
pultrusion process;The process where a cluster of fibre is coated in resin and forced through a mold, then cured with heat to produce a fibre-reinforced polymer.
metal coating technologies;The various processes and technologies used for to coating and painting fabricated metal workpieces.
evaluate broadcast programs;Evaluate new and existing television and radio programs for suitability and assess the need for changes using information such as audience surveys and feedback.
align efforts towards business development;Synchronise the efforts, plans, strategies, and actions carried out in departments of companies towards the growth of business and its turnover. Keep business development as the ultimate outcome of any effort of the company.
plan railway incident mitigation measures;Plan, anticipate, and develop mitigation measures to respond to rail incidents, unexpected situations, and emergencies.
apply control process statistical methods;Apply statistical methods from Design of Experiments (DOE) and Statistical Process Control (SPC) in order to control manufacturing processes.
support volunteers;Follow up volunteer activity.
insert coquille structures;Assemble and insert coquille structures using the appropriate hand tools.
blend beverages;Create new beverage products that are attractive to the market, interesting to companies, and innovative in the market.
vertical markets;A vertical market is a market in which vendors offer goods and services specific to a particular industry, trade, profession, or other group of customers with specialised needs.
transport office equipment;Load and unload equipment to be repaired or replaced, new or replacement equipment and transport it towards or from customers.
undertake post-examination activities;Perform post-examination activities such as liaising with the doctor, cleaning the room and speaking with the patient.
maintain stocks of veterinary materials;Maintain stocks of veterinary materials to ensure there is an adequate supply. Ensure appropriate storage, rotation and record keeping for veterinary materials.
kindergarten school procedures;The inner workings of a kindergarten, such as the structure of the relevant education support and management, policies, and regulations.
perform mystery shopping;Visit shops and commercial establishments as a mystery shopper in order to pose questions, observe procedures, test sales persons and gathered information about their performance for assessing the quality of the service and the abidance of protocols, especially in high-end services.
SaaS (service-oriented modelling);The SaaS model consists of principles and fundamentals of service-oriented modelling for business and software systems that allow the design and specification of service-oriented business systems within a variety of architectural styles, such as enterprise architecture.
conduct research on fauna;Collect and analyse data about animal life in order to discover the basic aspects such as origin, anatomy, and function.
monitor elections;Monitor the proceedings on the day of elections to ensure that the voting process and the counting process occur according to regulations.
monitor oil blending process;Monitor the blending process of oil. Make adjustments to blending process according to results of tests.
develop animations;Design and develop visual animations using creativity and computer skills. Make objects or characters appear lifelike by manipulating light, colour, texture, shadow, and transparency, or manipulating static images to give the illusion of motion.
create infrared imagery;Use an infrared camera to produce imagery displaying the infrared part of the spectrum.
be empathic to production team;Be sympathetic to the actor, director and production team and to their time and personality constraints.
district heating and cooling;District heating and cooling exploits local sustainable sources of energy to provide heating and potable hot water to a group of buildings and contributes to improve the energy performance.
operate railway control panels;Operate various types of railway control panels such as Individual Function Switch (IFS), One Control Switch (OCS) or Entrance Exit (NX).
operate separators for flour;Operate a flour separator, a device used to purify flour. Monitor the flour passing over a series of metal screens that remove large objects such as sticks and rocks.
mobile marketing;The study of marketing which uses mobile devices as a communication channel. This approach can provide potential customers with personalised information (using location or time context) which promotes products, services or ideas.
collect client fitness information;"Collect fitness information relating to individual clients; Identify client information which is to be collected and advise clients of correct procedures, protocols and risks prior to commencing physical assessment and exercising."
clean jewellery pieces;"Clean and polish metal items and pieces of jewellery; handle mechanical jewellery-making tools such as polishing wheels."
mouth anatomy;The structure and function of the teeth, mouth, jaws and associated tissues, both healthy and diseased, and their relationship to the general state of health and to the physical and social well-being of the patient.
sell amusement park tickets;Sell tickets and collect fees from customers/visitors.
decode handwritten texts;Analyse, understand, and read handwritten texts with different writing styles. Analyse the overall message of texts to ensure coherence in the understanding.
educate employees on occupational hazards;Provide information and advice to employees related to the possible occupational hazards, such as industrial solvents, radiation, noise and vibration.
investigate road accidents;Investigate road vehicle accidents and conduct post-accident debriefing conferences. Analyse the exact circumstances of the accident and present conclusions to the authorities. Provide recommendations on how future accidents may be prevented.
special needs education;The teaching methods, equipment and settings used to support students with special needs in achieving succes in school or community.
carry out nurse-led discharge;Initiate and lead the discharge process of patients, involving all relevant professionals to expedite discharges. Assist bed and capacity management across the whole hospital.
venereology;Venereology is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
perform food risk analysis;Perform food risks analysis for food safety assurance.
set up temporary construction site infrastructure;Set up a variety of temporary infrastructure used on building sites. Put up fences and signs. Set up any construction trailers and make sure that these are connected to electricity lines and water supply. Establish supplies stores and garbage disposal in a sensible manner.
assess the care requirements of bovine feet;Inspect the foot and hoof for signs of injury, wear, or damage. Decide how to care for the health and wellbeing of the bovine.
set theory;The subdiscipline of mathematical logic that studies the properties of well-determined sets of objects, relevant to mathematics.
inspect rail flaws;Monitor the output from various sensors that detect flaws in a railroad track, including laser sensors which scan for discontinuities, microphone sensors, gyroscopes which detect tilt, and others.
types of evaluation;The specificity and intended use of various types of evaluations, such as impact evaluation, process evaluation, performance evaluation, thematic evaluation, etc.
inspect animal carcasses;Inspect the animal carcasses for non conformities such abscesses or contamination, and correct them if possible. Takes samples for laboratory inspection. Makes registrations of non-conformities and/or findings.
inform visitors at tour sites;Distribute booklets, show audio-visual presentations, give guidance and relevant comments at tour site locations. Explain the history and functionality of tour highlights and respond to questions.
analyse characteristics of food products at reception;Analyse characteristics, composition, and other properties of food products at reception.
pet diseases;The major diseases that can affect pets and their prevention.
medical device regulations;The set of national and international regulations with regards to the manufacture, safety, and distribution of medical devices.
split animal carcasses;Separate animal carcasses and organs into larger subsections such as head and limbs, debone and cut them.
evacuate people from heights;Safely evacuate people from heights using rope access techniques.
enhance website visibility;Promote the website to users, business partners and search engines. Optimise the website exposure to search engines, send out emails, determine pricing and policies and conduct marketing actions.
write prescriptions for medication in dentistry;Determine indications and contraindications for the use of medication in dental practice, determining their dosages and routes of administration and writing prescriptions for medication used in dentistry.
use chimney sweeping equipment;Operate tools and equipment meant to clean debris from chimneys such as dust sheets, torches, mirrors, floor sheets, bags for debris and various rods and brushes.
place sanitary equipment;Place sanitary equipment, such as toilets and sinks. Attach the equipment securely to walls and floors. Install taps and water disposal pipes.
react to physical changes or hazards;React and respond quickly  quickly and appropriately to external or internal circumstances and stimuli.
apply tape;Use tape to fold and put corrugated paperboard boxes together, making them ready for shipping and packaging.
provide anaesthetics to animals;Select, administer, and monitor anaesthetics in animals in preparation for surgery.
control temperature;Measure and adjust temperature of a given space or object.
vinyl records;Rare vinyl records and record labels.
mechanics;Theoretical and practical applications of the science studying the action of displacements and forces on physical bodies to the development of machinery and mechanical devices.
apply measures to prevent snow removal safety hazards;Use snow removal practices and methods that prevent major hazards such as not working on roofs when possible, assessing the weight of the equipment on a given icy structure, wearing protection equipment and ladders in a safe manner, protect the surrounding areas and people and avoid electrical wirings.
write Kurdish;Compose written texts in ?Kurdish.
education administration;The processes related to the administrative areas of an education institution, its director, employees, and students.
industrial design;The practice of designing products to be manufactured through techniques of mass production.
provide strategies of differential diagnosis;Use various methods to identify the most approapriate diagnosis among conditions with similar symptoms.
decide upon a psychotherapeutic approach;Make an informed choice about which type of psychotherapeutic intervention to apply when working with patients, according to their needs.
hair products;The qualities and applications of various styling products used on different types of hair, such as curling creams, hairspray, shampoos, and conditioners.
public law;The part of law which governs relationships between individuals and the government, and the relationships between individuals which concern society directly.
ensure food quality;Pay attention to the quality of the food that is served to visitors or customers according to food standards.
sift powder;Sift the powder through the silk screen by hand.
check for defects in railcars;Ensure that freight cars are free of all safety defects that could lead to derailing or loss of freight while in transit. Ensure that freight cars meet transportation requirements.
plan aftersales arrangements;"Come to an agreement with the customer about the delivery, setup and service of the goods; perform appropriate measures to ensure delivery."
manage the fleet according to planned operations;"Foresee fleet activity according to planned operations. Maintain an overview of available fleet resources and their characteristics and capacities; assign fleet resources according to tasks and customer demands."
ensure conformity to specifications;Ensure that the assembled products are conform to the specifications given.
provide social guidance over the phone;Give social support and advice to individuals over the phone listening to their concerns and reacting accordingly.
prepare furniture for application of paint;Set up furniture for standard or custom paint job, protect any parts that should not be painted and prepare painting equipment.
live animal products;The offered live animal products, their specificity and legal and regulatory requirements.
create decorative food displays;Design decorative food displays by determining how food is presented in the most attractive way and realising food displays in order to maximise revenue.
keep up with trends;Monitor and follow new trends and developments in specific sectors.
manage theft prevention;"Apply theft and robbery prevention; monitor security surveillance equipment; enforce security procedures if needed."
test railway signalling equipment;Test signalling equipment (signal lights and communication devices) utilised in railways and train yards, such as train instrument panel lights, the lights along each track, flashing red signal lights, and/or the alarms at each crossing.
maintain relations with childrens parents;Inform children`s parents of the activities planned, program`s expectations and children`s individual progress.
attend to sophrology clients;Observe participants` breathing and relaxation techniques, giving feedback, correcting when needed and guaranteeing that sufficient personal attention is provided to each participant in the sophrology session.
advise on participation in financial markets;Consult and provide guidance on the legal changes the company has to undergo in order to participate in the financial market such as writing dividend policies, defining the ownership and structure of the company, and the compliance with the standards set by organisms regulating the market the company is entering to.
research new treatments for blood related disorders;Research cures and new diagnostic techniques for leukaemia and related blood cancers.
insourcing strategy;The high level planning for managing and optimising business processes internally, usually in order to maintain control of critical aspects of work.
types of stamping press;Types of stamping press with similar applications but different propulsion, such as the direct drive press, single gear reduction press and double gear reduction press.
processes performed by tumbling;The various usages of the metal tumbling process, such as the cleaning, burnishing, deburring, descaling, rust-removing, surface hardening, de-flashing, polishing, brightening, and others, of metal work pieces.
build machines;Design and construct machines and installations for manufacturing purposes.
Nexpose;The computer program Nexpose is a specialised ICT tool which tests security weaknesses of the system for potentially unauthorised access to system information, developed by the software company Rapid7.
maintain manufacturing rooms;Maintain the cleanliness of rooms when the manufacturing process is finished and the product is completed according to Standard Operating Procedures (SOP).
pharmacotherapy;The application of medicinal drugs used to treat diseases compared to surgical therapy.
ensure law application;Ensure the laws are followed, and where they are broken, that the correct measures are taken to ensure compliance to the law and law enforcement.
perform metal inert gas welding;Weld metal workpieces together using inert gasses or gas mixtures such as argon and helium. This technique is usually used for welding aluminium and other non-ferrous metals.
understand spoken Urdu;Comprehend orally expressed Urdu.
work independently in landscaping;Perform tasks in landscape management by taking decisions independently. Complete all aspects of landscape design projects without any outside assistance or help.
measure water flow;Measure water flow, water intakes and catchments.
animal behaviour;The natural behavioural patterns of animals, i.e. how normal and abnormal behaviour might be expressed according to species, environment, human-animal interaction and occupation.
perform clinical coding procedures;Match and record correctly the specific illnesses and treatments of a patient by using a clinical codes classification system.
check for medication expiry terms;Regularly check medication in pharmacy, wards and units, for expiry dates, replacing the expired drugs according to standard procedures.
complete initial resource statements;Comply with all regulatory requirements in completing an initial resource statement, an assessment of the quantity of valuable minerals that are present.
assist customers with self-service ticketing machines;Aid customers encountering difficulties with self-service ticketing machines.
postpartum legal protection;The legal aspects related to maternity coverage offered to mothers after childbirth.
manage standard enterprise resource planning system;Collect, manage and interpret data relevant for companies related to shipping, payment, inventory, resources and manufacturing using specific business management software. Such software as Microsoft Dynamics?, SAP ERP, Oracle ERP.
integrated design;Approach to design which includes several related disciplines, with the aim to design and build according to the Near Zero Energy Building principles. The interplay between all aspects of building design, building use and outdoor climate.
pilot vessel into ports;"Safely navigate vessel in and out of port; communicate and cooperate with captain and ships crew; operate vessel communication and navigation instruments; communicate with other vessels and harbour control centre."
conduct inter-shift communication;Communicate relevant information about the conditions in the workplace, progress, events, and potential problems to the workers in the next shift.
Internet of Things;The general principles, categories, requirements, limitations and vulnerabilities of smart connected devices (most of them with intended internet connectivity).
develop non-formal educational activities;Develop non-formal education activities targeted to the needs and aspirations of young people. These activities take place outside of the formal learning system. The learning is intentional but voluntary and takes place in diverse environments. The activity and courses could be run by professional learning facilitators, such as but not limited to youth leaders, trainers, youth information workers.  
guide jury activities;Guide the activities of a jury during a court hearing and in the decision-making process to ensure they act in an impartial manner and that they heard all the evidence, arguments and witness accounts relevalt to the trial so that they can make the best decision, on which the judge may base a sentence.
tend beverage gasifier equipment;Tend beverage gasifier equipment which is usually made by a machine coupled with a gasifier.
design graphics;Apply a variety of visual techniques in order to design graphic material. Combine graphical elements to communicate concepts and ideas.
attach clock hands;Attach the hour, minute, and second clock or watch hands to the clockface using hex nuts and wrenches. Ensure that the hands on the clockface are parallel and aligned.
develop course outline;Research and establish an outline of the course to be taught and calculate a time frame for the instructional plan in accordance with school regulations and curriculum objectives.
operate bullet press;Handle the machinery which presses bullets through a lead core according to a uniform size and weight. Manually check the bullets for visual and dimensional characteristics.
upholstery fillings;Materials used to fill soft furniture like upholstered chairs or mattresses must have several properties such as resilience, lightness, high-bulk properties. They can be fillings of animal origin such as feathers, of vegetal origin such as cotton wool or of synthetic fibers.
manage medium term objectives;Monitor medium term schedules with budget estimations and reconciliation on a quarterly basis.
froth flotation processes;The different aspects of froth flotation, used to separate floatable (hydrophobic) and non-floatable (hydrophilic) ink particles.
apply different dehydration processes of fruits and vegetables;Differentiate and apply different dehydration processes of fruits and vegetables according to product characteristics. The processes include drying, concentration, etc.
organise information services;Plan, organise and evaluate information activities and services. Those include searching for information relevant to the target group, compiling easily understandable information material and finding various ways to disseminate the information through different channels used by the target group. 
create new concepts;Come up with new concepts.
inspect aircrafts body;Inspect the body of aircraft for superficial damage and corrosion.
secure sensitive customers information;Select and apply security measures and regulations related to sensitive customer information with the aim of protecting their privacy.
supervise advocacy work;Manage the aim to influence political, economic and social decisions. Make sure ethics and policies are followed.
store pyrotechnical materials;Safely store materials used for pyrotechnical stage effects.
have emotional intelligence;Recognize ones own and other people`s emotions, distinguish correctly between them and observing how they can influence one`s environment and social interaction and what can be done about it.
electrical machines;Electrical apparatus that are able to convert mechanical energy to electrical energy (generators), electrical energy to mechanical energy (motors), and change the voltage level of an AC or alternating current (transformers).
tend mechanical forging press;Tend a mechanical forging press, designed for forming hot or cold metal by use of a high energy force mechanically, monitor and operate it, according to regulations.
supervise craft activities;Supervise craft related activities for use with members of the public e.g. face painting, colouring-in, mask making, ensuring that these activities are carried out safely.
ensure gender equality in the workplace;Deliver a fair and transparent strategy focussed on maintaining equality with regard to matters of promotion, pay, training opportunities, flexible working and family support. Adopt gender equality objectives and monitor and evaluate the implementation of gender equality practices in the workplace.
test production input materials;Test the supplied materials prior to their release into processing, ensuring the results are complying with GMP (Good Manufacturing Practices) and to the suppliers` COA (Certificate of Analysis).
security of assets legislation;The current relevant legislation, regulations and codes of practice in the field of protecting private and public assets.
install concrete pumps;Position the truck or trailer at the desired location, adjust support legs for stability, attach the hoses to the outlet of the machine, if necessary, or install the robotic arm, and set up the pumps. In the case of electric pumps, connect them to the network. Take different factors into account such as the presence of a slope and the soil bearing capacity.
operate hatchery trays;Fill hatchery trays with fertilised eggs and place trays in incubation troughs.
lay sewer pipe;Use the appropriate equipment, such as a hydraulic grappler, to lay sewer pipes into a prepared trench. Coordinate with a co-worker to manoeuvre the pipe so as to fit securely on the previously installed pipe. Push and wiggle the pipe if necessary to create a seal.
DevOps;The DevOps development approach is a methodology to design software systems and applications focused on the collaboration and between software programmers and other ICT professionals and automation.
biomarkers;The types of markers or indications present in an image that help in making a diagnosis. The various markers that appear in images for specific diagnoses and the techniques used to find them.
sell clocks;Sell clocks, watches, or related accessories according to the customers preferences.
instruct library users in digital literacy;Teach library visitors basic computer skills, such as searching digital databases.
operate metal contaminants detector;Control and monitor a detector that screens meat products for common metal contaminants such as screw, staples, or lead shot. Take appropriate actions in case of non conformities.
create website wireframe;Develop an image or set of images that display the functional elements of a website or page, typically used for planning a websites functionality and structure.
teach engineering principles;Instruct students in the theory and practice of engineering elements and principles, more specifically in the design of a system, which includes the testability, maintainability, integrity, functionality, replicability, and cost in relation to design of this product.
make numerical calculations;Work with numbers and perform complex calculations. An understanding of the basics of maths is crucial.
create definitions;Create clear definitions for words and concepts. Make sure they convey the exact meaning of the words.
install signal repeaters;Set up and configure devices which enhance strength of signal of a communication channel to enable proper reception and reproduction in further places.
develop test procedures;Develop testing protocols to enable a variety of analyses of products, systems, and components.
prevent shoplifting;Identify shoplifters and methods by which shoplifters try to steal. Implement anti-shoplifting policies and procedures to protect against theft.
maintain voyage logs;Maintain a written records of events during a ship or aeroplane voyage.
shape organisational teams based on competencies;Study the profiles of collaborators and decide the best place for directors and collaborators following an strategic mindset and serving to the goals of the company.
maintain insulating tube winding machinery;Maintain tube winding machinery and equipment, to ensure that it is clean and in safe, working order. Perform routine maintenance on equipment and adjust when necessary, using hand and power tools.
manage zoo staff;Manage zoo staff, including zoo keeping staff at all levels and/or veterinarians and/or educators and/or horticulturalists.
metal drawing processes;The various types of drawing processes in metal fabrication, such as wire drawing, bar drawing, tube drawing, and others.
check stories;Seek out and investigate stories via your contacts, press releases and other media.
conduct environmental site assessments;Manage and oversee environmental site prospection and assessments for mining or industrial sites. Designate and demarcate areas for geochemical analysis and scientific research.
carry out security activities with a dog;Using specially trained dogs to search specific areas or surveil properties in order to detect threats or individuals.
market entry planning;The processes contained in the pursuit of entering a new market such as researching the market, segmentation, defining the target groups, and developing a viable financial business model to approach the market.
harvest timber;Organise and apply the most appropriate timber harvesting method: clear-cut, shelterwood, seed tree, group selection or single-tree selection.
types of showers;Different types of showers, their aesthetic and functional aspects, their specific installation and maintenance needs, and price points.
execute inspection walkway;Carry out a route in order to verify if all the doors and windows are closed.
install heating furnace;Place a furnace which heats air to be distributed around a structure. Connect the furnace to a source of fuel or electricity and connect any air ducts to guide the heated air. Configure the furnace.
use stonemasons chisel;Use a stonemasons chisel with a mallet to chisel away stone and create a straight edge on the workpiece.
strategies for handling cases of sexual assault;The range of strategies and approaches utilised in the identification, termination, and prevention of instances of sexual assault. This incudes understanding of the methods and procedures used to recognise instances of sexual assault, the legal implications, and possible intervention and rehabilitation activities. Sexual assault includes all kinds of practice of forcing a person into sexual acts against their will or without their consent, as well as cases when children and minors are involved in sexual activities.
apply decorative design to vehicles;"Apply decorative designs or other decorative elements to vehicles at the customers request; work with paint sprayers, paintbrushes or spray cans. ---------------- Apply decorative items such as logos, lettering and others to the finished surfaces by using paint brushes or sprayers."
design wind turbines;Design the electrical components and blades used in equipment which generates energy from the wind into electrical power, ensuring that the design is optimised to ensure safe and efficient production of energy.
liaise with managers;Liaise with managers of other departments ensuring effective service and communication, i.e. sales, planning, purchasing, trading, distribution and technical.
movement techniques;The various types of movement and physical postures undertaken for relaxation, body-mind integration, stress reduction, flexibility, core support and rehabilitation purposes, and that are required for or underpin occupational performance.
promote sport activities in public health;Support the delivery of sport and physical activity to promote general health and wellbeing, decrease risk factors for disease and prevent chronic disease and disability.
store raw milk;Receive and store raw milk under adequate conditions in a silo at a milk reception point in the plant.
select tactics for a football match;Determine how an individual or a group will approach a competition tactically, choose the tactics such as playing a possession based game, focusing on counter attack as well as choosing the line up.
manage production of destination promotional materials;Oversee creation, production and distribution of touristic catalogues and brochures.
monitor title procedures;Monitor the bundle of rights of a property and investigate all the parties involved in the current procedure, such as the transfer of a deed in the transfer of ownership of a property or the provision of all the documents serving as evidence of title, to ensure that all documentation and procedures occur according to legislation and contractual agreements.
prepare instruments for performance;Set up, connect, tune and play musical instruments for sound check before rehearsal or live performance.
train routes;Know principal train routes and quickly search for relevant information to respond to customer questions. Provide advice on potential shortcuts and itinerary options.
write Kazakh;Compose written texts in Kazakh.
perform outdoor cleaning activities;Adapt the cleaning working methods and procedures to the environmental conditions and adapt to weather conditions such as rain, strong wind or snow, when this affects the performance of the equipment or machinery that is being used.
ensure aquaculture personnel health and safety;Make sure that health and safety procedures have been established and followed across all aquaculture facilities including cages. Ensure that personnel and general public are instructed and all work activities are carried out according to relevant health and safety regulations.
tend twisting machines;Set up, operate, and maintain twisting machines to spin two or more fibres together into a yarn.
draft project documentation;Prepare project documentation such as project charters, work plans, project handbooks, progress reports, deliverables and stakeholder matrices.
leather products maintenance;The way to maintain the quality of leather products, the product types and their effects.
paediatric psychology;Study of how psychological aspects can influence and impact illnesses and injuries in infants, children and adolescents.
alkylation;Understand the process of moving an alkyl group from one molecule to another. This process is used in oil refining to alkylate isobutanes, producing premium blending agents for fuel.
propose leisure activities;Propose appropriate recreational activities based on the targeted publics behaviour and wishes.
dietetics;The human nutrition and dietary modification for optimising health in clinical or other environments. The role of nutrition in promoting health and preventing illness across the life spectrum.
adapt energy distribution schedules;Monitor the procedures involved in the distribution of energy in order to assess whether energy supply must be increased or decreased depending on changes in demand, and incorporate these changes into the distribution schedule. Ensure that the changes are complied with.
administer medication in emergency;Administer medications in an emergency, as prescribed by a monitoring physician.
assess lameness in horses;Monitor if the animal travels in a regular and sound manner on all four feet. Identify lameness and act accordingly and under veterinarian instructions.
cook meat dishes;Prepare meat dishes, including poultry and game. The complexity of the dishes depend on the type of meat, the cuts being used and how they are combined with other ingredients in their preparation and cooking.
prepare assembly drawings;Create the drawings that identify the different components and materials, and that provide instructions as to how they should be assembled.
Albanian;The Albanian language.
concepts of telecommunications;The telecommunication principles, theories, models, equipment and processes such as transfer rate, bandwidth, signal-to-noise ratio, bit error ratio and C/N ratio, as well as the effect of the qualities of the transmission path on the operation and quality of telecommunications.
shape clay;Shape clay by pressing thumbs into the center of revolving clay while revolving wheels in order to obtain as end-products ware such as vases and pitchers.
torah;The study of the teachings and interpretations of the foundational narrative of the Jewish people, as well as the encompassing Jewish traditions and culture.
analyse production processes for improvement;Analyse production processes leading toward improvement. Analyse in order to reduce production losses and overall manufacturing costs.
disorders affecting self-awareness;The consciousness process related to various medical disorders and illnesses and its manifestation and treatment options.
use T-brace;Use a T-brace, also known as a deadman, to hold up one end of a structural element while installing or working on the other end.
use casts of body parts;Use plaster to make impressions of body parts, or receive casts to use for the fabrication of products or devices.
prepare examination room for radiation treatment;Anticipate and prepare the examination room with equipment and supplies required for radiation treatment.
maintain barrels;Replace damaged pieces such as rotten planks, barrelheads, and fittings.
animal transportation vehicles;The types of vehicles for the transportation of animals and their features, the selection of appropriate vehicles and their safe use, according to national and international regulations.
tend upsetting machine;Tend an upsetting machine such as a crank press, designed for forming hot or cold metal by use of a high energy force and split dies, monitor and operate it, according to regulations.
set the operation speed of manufacturing machines;Define the adequate speed at which a manufacturing machine should operate in order to provide the required output in manufacturing processes.
make decisions regarding livestock management;Decide on various aspects in providing technical support for livestock management. Gather information on work practices regarding the breeding and productivity of livestock.
operate plasma cutting torch;Use a plasma cutting torch, which forces a narrow stream of plasma through a nozzle to melt metal, and a gas jet to blow the molten metal away.
analyse animal locomotion;Analyse animal locomotion either by eye or using instrumentation for measuring body movements, body mechanics, and muscle activity.
fish varieties;The different types and varieties of fish on the market.
plankton production;The methods, characteristics and equipment used to cultivate phytoplankton, microalgae and live prey such as rotifers or Artemia with advanced techniques.
perform bilateral interpretation;Understand and interpret oral statements in both directions of a language pair, while maintaining the speaker’s communicative intent.
prepare real estate contract;Create a contract between two parties for the purchase, sale or rental of real estate. Make sure the real estate contract and the specifications comply with the legal requirements and are legally enforceable.
perform routine lube oil tests;Conduct routine tests of lubrication oils in engineering systems and water separation systems.
define evaluation objectives and scope;Clarify the purpose and scope of the evaluation, frame its questions and boundaries.
apply territory planning;Plan the most cost-effective coverage of a sales territory with the available sales resources. Take into account prospect numbers, density, and buying patterns.
work with mistelle bases;Apply the procedure of adding alcohol to juices of crushed grapes rather than fermenting them to produce alcohol.
volunteer management;The process of managing the recruitment, engagement, deployment and evaluation of volunteers to reach specific goals of an organisation.
tend blower;Tend the blower used to dry asbestos and eliminate fumes from asbestos.
lead a team in hospitality service;Guide and direct a team towards a common goal such as the contentment of the customers and a good customer service and interaction.
design thermal equipment;Conceptually design equipment for healing and cooling using heat transfer principles such as conduction, convection, radiation and combustion. The temperature for these devices should stay stable and optimal, since they continually move heat around the system.
operate dishwashing machine;Handle dishwashing machines with used plates, glass, service utensils and cutlery.
plan geotechnical investigations in the field;"Conduct thorough field investigations; perform drills and analyse samples of rocks and sediments."
inspect road signs;Inspect road signs for signs of corrosion, outdated information, nicks and dents, legilibility and reflectance. Decide on the course of action when problems are found.
perform endoscopy;Carry out endoscopy using an endoscope to examine the interior of a hollow organ or cavity of a patient.
use CAD for lasts;Be able to digitise and scan the lasts. Work with various 2D and 3D CAD systems and use the software to adopt and transform the shape of the lasts according to dimensional requirements of the customer. Making 2D templates for controlling the shape of the new last. Produce technical drawing and prepare technical specification sheets for manufacturing. Grade the last. Export the files of the virtual model to 3D printers, CAM or CNC systems.
prepare survey report;Gather the analysed data from the survey and write a detailed report on the outcome of the survey.
plan event marketing for promotional campaigns;Design and direct event marketing for promotional campaigns. This involves face-to-face contact between companies and customers at a wide range of events, which engages them in a participatory position and provides them with information about a specific product or service.
by-products and waste;Concepts of by-product and waste. Types of waste and European waste codes industries. Solutions for textile by-products and wastes recovery, reuse and recycling.
revise drafts made by managers;Revise drafts made by managers in order to check completeness, accuracy, and formatting.
manipulate object to create illusions;Manipulate objects and images to create optical illusions.
circulate information;Communicate the research results of social, economic or political issues within and outside the union.
risks of elevated advertising structures;The hazards and risks to which the advertising installer is exposed to in the process of installing and removing posters such as falling from heights, having platforms with no guardrail or accidents from manual handling of materials and tools.
exert quality control to processing food;Ensure the quality of all factors involved in a food production process.
design scientific equipment;Design new equipment or adapt existing equipment to aid scientists in gathering and analysing data and samples.
assemble visitor supplies;Collect and check all required supplies and equipment before departure.
communicate analytical insights;Obtain analytical insights and share them with relevant teams, in order to enable them to optimise supply chain (SC) operations and planning.
participate in artistic mediation activities;Participate in cultural and artistic mediation activities: announce the activity, give a presentation or talk related to a piece of art or an exhibition, teach a class or a group, lead artistic mediation activities, lead or participate in a public discussion.
manufacturing of tools;The manufacture of knives and cutting blades for machines or for mechanical appliances, hand tools such as pliers, screwdrivers etc. The manufacture of non-power-driven agricultural hand tools, saws and saw blades, including circular saw blades and chainsaw blades. The manufacture of interchangeable tools for hand tools, whether or not power-operated, or for machine tools: drills, punches, milling cutters etc. The manufacture of press tools, moulding boxes and moulds (except ingot moulds), vices and clamps, and blacksmiths’ tools: forges, anvils etc.
monitor fermentation;Supervise and control fermentation. Monitor the settling of juice and the fermentation of raw material. Control the progress of the fermentation process to meet specifications. Measure, test and interpret fermentation process and quality data according to specification.
metal eroding technology;The various eroding technology and techniques, automated or otherwise, such as electrical discharge machining, die sinking, wire eroding and others.
flower and plant products;The offered flower and plant products, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
advise on animal welfare;Prepare and provide information to individuals or groups of people on how to promote the health and well-being of animals, and how risks to animal health and welfare may be reduced. Provide recommendations for corrective actions.
explain characteristics of computer peripheral equipment;"Explain to customers the features of computers and peripheral computer equipment; inform customers on memory capacity, processing speed, data input, performance, etc."
develop patient treatment strategies;Consult with fellow doctors and scientists in order to find the appropriate and most effective treatment for each individual patient.
inspect roofs;Inspect the condition of an existing roof. Check the state of the weight-bearing structure, roof covering, insulation, and accessibility. Take into account the intended purpose of the roof, including any accessories to be installed.
assist in church service;Assist the priest or other religious official in the activities performed during a church service, such as assistance in handling and cleaning materials, assisting in performing ceremonial rites, and other church service activities.
evaluate textile characteristics;Evaluate textiles and their properties in order to manufacture products in conformity with specifications.
customize diets to animals;Formulate diets and rations to maximise animal growth, reproduction, health, and/or performance.
analyse software specifications;Assess the specifications of a software product or system to be developed by identifying functional and non-functional requirements, constraints and possible sets of use cases which illustrate interactions between the software and its users.
maintain electrical mine machinery;Inspect and conduct planned maintenance of electrical mining equipment. Conduct routine repairs and replace damaged components. Analyse test results and machine error messages.
advise on social security benefits;Advise citizens on government-regulated benefits they are eligible for, such as unemployment benefits, family benefits, and other social security benefits.
operate pneumatic conveyor chutes;Use air-conveyor chutes to transfer products or mixtures from containers to storage tanks.
monitor bond market;Observe and analyse the bond or debt market and its trends on a daily basis to gather up-to-date information in order to develop investment strategies.
analyse tree population;Collect information on tree populations in the forest. Look out for disease and insect destruction, mortality, and fire hazards.
monitor interventions in the outdoors;Monitor, demonstrate and explain the use of equipment according to the operational guidelines issued by manufacturers.
clean chimney;Use tools to extract debris from chimneys by using a vacuum cleaner or brush suitable to remove the products of combustion within the flue.
forecast economic trends;Gather and analyse economic data in order to predict economic trends and events.
provide chiropractic paediatric healthcare;Apply specialised knowledge, skills, and competencies of chiropractic techniques and principles to provide care to adolescents, children and toddlers with safe, clinically appropriate, and highly professional standard.
ensure store security;"Implement and monitor security measures within the store; be vigilant about shoplifters and fraudulent use of credit cards."
tissue cytogenetics;The procedure for visualising chromosomes in order to identify genetics defects such as chromosomal translocation.
operate mechanical equipment of ships;"Operate mechanical equipment on vessels; communicate with engineers if failures occur or should repairs be required during a voyage."
pet product industry;Varieties of products and different brands used for pet care.
evaluate vineyard problems;Detect and assess vineyard problems. Recommendations effective, timely and economic solutions to deliver fruit of a high quality.
THC Hydra;The package THC Hydra is a parallelized login cracker which tests security weaknesses of the systems protocols for potentially unauthorised access to system information. The main features include network logon cracker and passwords reading and printing.
perform chiropractic examinations;Perform, interpret and report the findings of chiropractic physical examinations, possibly involving an examination of the patients spine and posture, and where relevant finding the source of discomfort or pain.
implement corporate governance;Apply a set of principles and mechanisms by which an organisation is managed and directed, set procedures of information, control flow and decision making, distribute rights and responsibilities among departments and individuals, set corporate objectives and monitor and evaluate actions and results.
apply pre-stitching techniques;Apply pre-stitching techniques to footwear and leather goods in order to reduce thickness, to reinforce, to mark the pieces, to decorate or to reinforce their edges or surfaces. Be able to operate various machinery for splitting, skiving, folding, stitch marking, stamping, press punching, perforating, embossing, gluing, uppers pre-forming, crimping etc. Be able to adjust the working parameters of the machinery.
understand spoken Belarusian;Comprehend orally expressed Belarusian.
process data;Enter information into a data storage and data retrieval system via processes such as scanning, manual keying or electronic data transfer in order to process large amounts of data.
child protection;Framework of legislation and practice meant to prevent and protect children from abuse and harm
monitor freezing processes;Monitoring freezing processes to ensure product is adequately frozen. Assessing temperature levels and ensuring energy efficiency and product refrigeration.
quality of fish products;Factors affecting the quality of fish products. For instance, differences between species, impact of the fishing gears and parasite influence on the preservation of quality.
work with social service users in a group;Establish a group of social service users and work together towards individual and group goals.
conduct chemical testing on basic metals;Perform examinations and tests on all kinds of metals in order to ensure high quality and chemical resistance.
types of brushes;Tools with bristles used for a wide variety of purposes such as cleaning, painting, putting on make up and grooming hair. Materials used for bristles include animal hair, synthetic fibers and plastic. Various shapes exist such as cylindrical brushes and twisted-in wire brushes for cleaning brushes, and flat, round or mop for painting brushes.
electroplating machine parts;The various parts of a metalworking machine using electroplating processes to provide coating to workpieces, such as the plating barrel, plating line, borehole, battery charger, and others.
improve rail service delivery;Responsible for planning and implementing new ways of improving train service delivery to ensure the best possible customer experience at all times.
interview insurance claimants;Interview people who have filed claims with the insurance corporation they are insured with, or through specialised insurance agents or brokers, in order to investigate the claim and the coverage in the insurance policy, as well as detect any fraudulous activities in the claims process.
cooperate at inter-professional level;Cooperate with people in other sectors in relation to social service work.
health and safety regulations;Necessary health, safety, hygiene and environmental standards and legislation rules in the sector of particular activity.
tend textile drying machines;Operate textile drying machines keeping efficiency and productivity at high levels.
operate wood sawing equipment;Operate various machinery and equipment to cut wood in different sizes and shapes.
facilitate access to information;"Prepare documents for archiving; ensure that the information can easily be accessed at all times."
ensure safety conditions in storage rooms;Determine the conditions under which goods should be stored taking into account relevant factors, such as temperature, light exposure and moisture levels.
operate soldering equipment;Use soldering equipment to melt and join together pieces of metal or steel, such as a soldering gun, soldering torch, gas-powered iron, and others.
shearing of wool;Carry out sheep or goat wool shearing and initial processing and packaging as appropriate
motivate staff to reach sales targets;Stimulate your staff to achieve sales goals set by the management.
interpret radiology examinations;Analyse the images resulting from radiology investigations and send a signed report to the primary care or referring physician, who will share the results with the patient.
ride horses;Ride horses, and pay attention to ensuring the safety of the horse and rider, and applying proper horseback riding techniques
adjust temperature gauges;Operate temperature gauges to maintain food and drink items at appropriate temperatures.
officiate weddings;Officiate weddings in a manner compliant to traditional and legal regulations, and to the couples wishes, ensuring that it is official by providing the necessary documentation and witnessing its signing, fulfilling the role of officiator.
conduct pregnancy massages;Perform massages for pregnant women to sooth the discomfort as well as making the labour process easier.
plan tiling;Plan the position of the tiling on the surface. Mark straight and flush lines to determine the position of the tiles. Decide on the spacing between the tiles.
set up equipment in a timely manner;Make sure to set up equipment according to deadlines and time schedules.
operate a range of underground mining equipment;Operate underground mining equipment, such as ventilation and transport systems.
install firestops;Attach fire resistant collars or material to pipes and ducts to prevent the spread of fire and smoke through wall or ceiling openings.
monitor military equipment use;Monitor the use by military staff of specific military equipment to ensure that no unauthorised personnel gains access to specific types of equipment, that everyone handles the equipment according to regulations, and that it is only used in appropriate circumstances.
select filler metal;Select optimal metal used for metal joining purposes, such as zinc, lead or copper metals, specifically for welding, soldering or brazing practices.
correspond with licence applicants;Correspond with individuals or organisations who requested a specific licence in order to investigate the case and gather more information, to offer advice, inform them of further steps which need to be taken, or to inform them of the decision made in the evaluation of the application.
adapt to acting roles;Adapt to different roles in a play, regarding the styles, ways of acting and aesthetics.
investigate soil stability;Collect soil samples from the railway site, using bores and test pits in order to determine ground stress capability and stability.
direct airport subcontractors;Direct the work of consulting architects, engineers and related subcontractors. Establish project schedules and cost estimates, and communicate developments to senior management.
zoo exhibit design;Understand the various factors that influence effective zoo exhibit design as well as the steps towards realising that design.
manage funeral equipment;Issue, store and manage funeral equipment, which may include memorial cards, candles, crucifixes and lowering straps.
plant propagation;Types of different propagation methods, materials and seeds and their criteria for health and quality.
OmniPage;The computer program OmniPage is software that electronically converts printed and typed images into machine-encoded text so that documents can be electronically stored, edited and digitally displayed.
maintain inventory of tools;Keep an inventory of tools utilised in the provision of services. Ensure that tool sets remain complete and suitable for use.
enforce regulations of selling tobacco to minors;Ensure compliance with governmental regulations concerning the prohibition of selling tobacco products to minors.
apply customer engagement strategy;Engage customers with a company or a brand by employing several methods such as humanisation of the brand and social media usage. The initiative for engagement can come either from the consumer or the company and the medium of engagement can be online as well as offline.
Kazakh;The ?Kazakh language.
groom animals;Prepare the environment for grooming, select the correct grooming equipment and grooming methods for the animal. Apply occupational health and safety principles, of basic animal anatomy and physiology, including the identification and reporting of any abnormalities.
interpret floor plans;Understand the results of moving the position of objects and patterns on floor plans by thinking three-dimensionally.
climb trees;Ascend and descend from trees in a safely manner.
last types;Different types of lasts and their characterisations. This includes the procedure for last placement and basic work environment with the last.
advertise the gallery;Actively promote and advertise the art gallery. Choose and monitor advertising channels.
operate an emergency communication system;Efficiently operate common communication systems used in emergencies, such as base station mobile transmitters and receivers, portable transmitters and receivers, repeaters, cellular phones, pagers, automated vehicle locators, and satellite phones as required.
use cooking techniques;Apply cooking techniques including grilling, frying, boiling, braising, poaching, baking or roasting.
supervise data entry;Supervise the entry of information such as addresses or names in a data storage and retrieval system via manual keying, electronic data transfer or by scanning.
follow the news;Follow current events in politics, economics, social communities, cultural sectors, internationally, and in sports.
set up media storage;Set up and configure media storage and access systems and related redundancy and backup systems to ensure maximum data safety, maximum accessibility and low latency of the used media.
national road network;The national road transport network with its routes, restrictions, congestion areas, and regulations.
assist disable passengers;Use appropriate safety procedures to operate lifts and secure wheelchairs and other assistive devices while assisting physically disabled travellers.
organise cultural events;Arrange events in cooperation with local stakeholders which promote local culture and heritage.
nuclear physics;Field of physics in which protons and neutrons and their interactions inside atoms are analysed.
inspect toys and games for damage;Identify damage and cracks in games and toys in the store. Take appropriate actions to remedy.
prioritise emergencies;Determine the level of risk of an emergency situation and balance the dispatch of ambulances to emergency situations accordingly.
processes of foods and beverages manufacturing;Raw materials and production processes for getting finished food products. Importance of quality control and other techniques for the food and beverage industry.
support employability of people with disabilities;Ensure employment opportunities for people with disabilities by making appropriate adjustments to accommodate within reason in line with national legislation and policies on accessibility. Ensure their full integration into the work environment by promoting a culture of acceptance within the organisation and fighting potential stereotypes and prejudices.
report on environmental issues;Compile environmental reports and communicate on issues. Inform the public or any interested parties in a given context on relevant recent developments in the environment, forecasts on the future of the environment, and any problems and possible solutions.
use aeronautical mobile service communications;Make use of aeronautical communications devices to transmit and receive technical information to and from aircraft, in line with technical regulations and provisions.
practice humour;Share humourous expressions with audience, eliciting laughter, surprise, other emotions, or a combination thereof.
reach out to diverse youth;Target and reach out to young people from different racial, social and economic backgrounds.
repair orthopedic goods;Replace and repair orthopaedic material such as prostheses, technical supports and rehabilitation aids.
Polish;The Polish language. Polish is an official and working language of the EU.
identify damaged goods before shipment;Identify damaged goods before packaging and shipping following established procedures.
types of containers;The manufacturing process of different types of containers, such as boilers and pressure vessels, and what they are used for.
wort fining process;Transfer of the wort from the wort copper to the whirlpool to clean the wort of undissolved hops and protein flocks and ready it for cooling.
ensure visual quality of the set;Inspect and amend the scenery and set-dressing to make sure the visual quality is optimal with in constraints of time, budget and manpower.
determine resale value of items;Examine items to search for any damages or signs of deterioration and take into account the current demand for used goods of the items nature in order to set a likely price at which the item can be resold, and to determine the manner in which the item can be sold.
enforce health and safety regulations for bread products;Monitor activities to ensure bread products are handled in accordance with safety and hygiene standards.
organise property viewing;Organise events in which prospective buyers or tenants of a property can visit the property in order to assess whether it is suitable to their needs and to obtain information, and organise plans to liaise with the prospective customers in order to secure a contract.
support blood transfusion services;Support blood transfusions and transplants through blood grouping and matching.
advise on crop diseases;Give advice on crops which have a specific susceptibility to particular diseases and the procedures that are suitable for their treatment.
osteopathy;The type of alternative medicine which manipulates the body`s muscle tissues, joints and bones.
convert different audiovisual formats;Use specialised software to convert data from one audio and/or video format to another.
zoonotic diseases;Zoonoses are infectious diseases of animals that can naturally be transmitted to humans. They consist of a wide range of diseases and range from endemic zoonoses such as brucellosis, anthrax, bovine tuberculosis, parasitic diseases (hydatid disease, echinococcosis, trichinellosis) and rabies to emerging zoonoses, such as highly pathogenic avian influenza, Nipah/Hendra disease and Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy.
use abrasive wheel;Use the specific abrasive wheel or the step in the finishing process according to the type of stone or workpiece.
trendwatching;The practice of understanding the world and its ever-changing nature. The observation of different phenomena in the world in order to predict and foresee the evolution of things in the world.
genealogy;Study of historical relations and lineages among family relatives displayed in a table of the descent from person to person which forms a family tree or in a form of written narratives.
manage facilities services;Handle a range of services such as catering, cleaning, maintenance or security, according to the priorities and needs of the client. Manage all contractors that deliver facilities management services and ensure they are delivered on time and according to the highest quality standards.
prospect new regional contracts;Identify and win regional contracts/tenders for expanding stores.
examine legislative drafts;Observe and examine the drafts made by other legislative drafters in order to enhance quality control and to improve their drafting knowlege and skills.
use milk control software;Efficiently use milk testing software and interpret the results correctly.
manage horse events;Plan, arrange and manage different events such as races, auctions, horse shows etc, according to yard type, resources and the purpose of the event.
assemble cocktail garnishes;Create cocktail garnishes by applying decorations such as straws, stirrers, spices and condiments.
home decoration techniques;The techniques, design rules and trends applicable to interior decoration in a private home.
apply digital security measures;Follow simple ways to protect digital devices and content.
monitor valves;Monitor and accordingly adjust the valves in order to allow a specific amount of liquids (such as ammonia sulfuric acid or viscous soap) or steam into the mixer or machine.
identify clients needs;Identify the areas in which the client may require aid and investigate the possibilities for meeting those needs.
liaise between theatre direction and design team;Act as liaison between performers, theatre staff, director and design team.
monitor stationary rail sensors;Monitor a variety of sensors, such as heat sensors and wheel impact load sensors, that detect flaws in railway and train operations. Check the output from the sensors from a distance or visit the location.
advise on mine equipment;"Provide advice on mining and equipment for mineral treatment; communicate and collaborate with engineering experts."
ensure products meet regulatory requirements;Study, implement, and monitor the integrity and compliance of products with the required regulatory aspects by law. Advise on applying and abiding by regulations on the product and manufacturing regulations.
calculate exposure to radiation;Calculate radiation data about procedures, such as length and intensity of exposure.
test lift operation;Test all features of a lift to ensure proper and efficient functioning.
animal breeding programmes;Principles relevant to breeding programme management, such as population genetics and demographics, national and international legislation, policies and procedures of industry relevant organisations or associations.
examine production samples;Examine production samples visually or manually to verify properties such as clarity, cleanliness, consistency, humidity and texture.
Jenkins (tools for software configuration management);The tool Jenkins is a software program to perform configuration identification, control, status accounting and audit of software during its development and maintenance.
analyse the training market;Analyse the market in the training industry in terms of its attractiveness taking market growth rate, trends, size and other elements into account.
medical device vigilance reporting systems;The various vigilance systems for medical devices such as haemovigilance and pharmavigilance.
modify casts for prostheses;"Fabricate and fit casts for prostheses for patients with partial or total absence of limb; measure, model and produce casts for prostheses and evaluate their fit on the patient."
biosecurity;Be aware of the general principles of the concept of bio-security and in particular, the disease prevention rules to be implemented in case of epidemics endangering public health.
compile cooking recipes;Organise recipes with regards to taste balance, healthy eating and nutrition.
sell vehicles;Sell new or second-hand cars, independently or based on a dealership contract with a car manufacturer.
automation technology;Set of technologies that make a process, system, or apparatus operate automatically through the use of control systems.
perform ICT security testing;Execute types of security testing, such as network penetration testing, wireless testing, code reviews, wireless and/or firewall assessments in accordance with industry-accepted methods and protocols to identify and analyse potential vulnerabilities.
select equipment required for moving activities;Select the appropriate tools and equipment required to successfully move objects. Select a range of equipment from basic tools such as screws, hammers, and pliers, to more complex apparatus such as forklifts, cranes, and movable docks.
level earth surface;Change the profile of the earth surface, turning it flat or shaping it to match a certain slope. Remove irregularities such as knolls, pits and ditches.
in-circuit test;Test to assess the correct manufacture of printed circuit boards (PCB). The in-circuit test (ICT) tests for shorts, resistance, and capacitance, and can be performed with a bed of nails tester or with a fixtureless in-circuit test (FICT).
operate turf management equipment;Operate turf management equipment like hedge cutters, mowers and strimmers.
floriculture;Cultivation of flowers and ornamental plants including houseplants and pot plants.
exercise rights and responsibilities;Be aware of and make use of constitutional and legal rights, including the duty to obey the law, pay taxes, and render assistance as well as the right to vote, to be elected, or to have a defence lawyer present in trial.
analyse issues;Examine social, economic or political aspects in order to deliver a report or briefing.
operate flexographic printing machine;Prepare and adjust all units of flexographic web presses and tend the development line.
public offering;The elements comprised in public offerings of companies in the stock market such as determining the initial public offering (IPO), the type of security, and the timing to launch it in the market.
physiotherapy;Physiotherapy is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
keep records on sales;Keep records of the activities of the sales of products and services, tracking which products and services were sold when and maintaining customer records, in order to facilitate improvements in the sales department.
assemble automotive batteries;Manufacture batteries for motor vehicles by using hand tools, power tools or automated machines. Read and understand blueprints and technical plans to comprehend specifications and requirements.
acupuncture methods;Techniques and methods used to normalise the flow of Qi energy in the body for relieving pain and related symptoms by applying various specific types of needles into different acupuncture points.
drive vehicles in processions;Drive cars, hearses or other vehicles at a steady pace in processions.
study human societies;Gather and analyse data in order to examine how humans respond to change, how power systems come into place, how cultural movements arise, etc.
work to develop physical ability to perform at the highest level in sport;Identify the necessary level of fitness, understand the nutritional strategy and work with coaching/supporting team (e.g. coaches, physiotherapist, nutritionist, psychologist) to implement an adapted medical, physical and nutritional programme to achieve the targeted highest level performance.
machine tools;The offered machine tools and products, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
maintain museum records;Keep museum records current and in conformity with museum standards.
teach communication methods;Select augmentative or alternative communication methods for patients, such as automated devices and sign language, and instruct patients how to use them. Teach patients with little or no capability for speech how to make sounds, improve their voices, or increase their language skills, enabling them to communicate more effectively.
design thermal requirements;Engineer level design requirements for thermal products such as telecom systems. Improve and optimize these designs by using thermal solutions or experimentation and validation techniques.
manage indoor tanning sessions;Determine the customers skin type, advise on the type of sunbed, adjust the tanning time and inform on the health risk and safety measures.
support migrants to integrate in the receiving country;Assist and offer support to migrants with their integration in the receiving society, both from an administrative and social point of view.
adapt to changes in technological development plans;Modify the current design and development activities of technological projects to meet changes in requests or strategies. Ensure that the organisations or clients needs are met and that any sudden requests which were not previously planned are implemented.
tend metal sawing machine;Tend sawing machine designed for metal cutting processes, monitor and operate it, according to regulations.
analyse milled grains;Analyse the density of milled grains according the requirements and product specifications. Apply milling time according to the required fineness of the grains.
follow directions of on-site director;Follow the instructions of the director when covering events on location.
approve engineering design;Give consent to the finished engineering design to go over to the actual manufacturing and assembly of the product.
manage aftersales processes to comply with business standards;"Oversee the progress of after sales activities; make sure that all work is carried out in accordance to business procedures and legal requirements."
advise on preparation of diet food;Formulate and supervise nutrition schemes to meet special dietary needs, such as low-fat or low-cholesterol diets, or gluten free.
supervise accounting operations;Coordinate, commission, and monitor operations in accounting departments in order to ensure the accurate record and eventual reporting of the financial operations of the company.
operate machine tools;Program and operate numerically controlled machine tools.
coordinate import transportation activities;"Oversee import transportation operations; optimise import processes and service strategies."
monitor vehicle repairs;Schedule and oversee activities of care and repair for vehicles.
clean mixer;Perform the cleaning of mixers in order to prepare them for mixing different types of compounds.
interact verbally in Hebrew;Communicate orally in Hebrew.
mass spectrometry;Mass spectrometry is the analytical technique that makes use of the measurements performed at gas-phase ions and the ratio mass-to-charge.
N1QL;The computer language N1QL is a query language for retrieval of information from a database and of documents containing the needed information. It is developed by the software company Couchbase.
coordinate the itineraries of vessels;Develop, manage, and coordinate the itinerary of vessels worldwide together with other stakeholders.
analyse your expertise;Describe experience in your discipline and within an artistic environment. Identify relevant elements to define an approach of your fight discipline in the artistic field. Describe your training background. Identify training that is relevant for the artistic approach of your fight discipline.
maintain ICT server;Diagnose and eliminate hardware faults via repair or replacement. Take preventive measures, review performance, update software, review accessibility.
buff finished paintwork;Buff and wax painted surface to improve quality of painting and ensure evenness of the surface.
detect financial crime;Examine, investigate, and notice possible financial crimes such as money laundering or tax evasion observable in financial reports and accounts of companies.
teach dentistry;Instruct students in the theory and practice of dentistry, and more specifically in topics such as dental anatomy, oral surgery, orthodontics, and anaesthetics.
types of embossing;Various kinds of embossing produce different results, alignments, and other kinds of image impressions. They can also include other press processes such as foil stamping or involve the use of heat and pressure.
operate 3D computer graphics software;Use graphical ICT tools, such as Autodesk Maya, Blender which enable digital editing, modelling, rendering and composition of graphics. These tools are based in mathematical representation of three-dimensional objects.
register pets;Carry out all the procedures and documentation required for officially registering the pets in the store for sale.
prayer;The spiritual act of worship, thanksgiving or request for help to a deity.
vessel points of sail;Points of sail describes the orientation of a vessel in relation to the direction of the wind. Adjust sails according to winds.
recruit members;Carry out assessment and recruitment of members.
develop a health and safety prevention plan for road transport;Develop a prevention plan to avoid potential risks for health and safety from occurring.
research new cooking methods;Assess new cooking methods by undergoing research activities in order to develop or improve food technological processes.
components of clocks;Components present in clocks and watches, such as the wheelwork, battery, dials, and hands.
encourage students to acknowledge their achievements;Stimulate students to appreciate their own achievements and actions to nurture confidence and educational growth.
work safely with stage weapons;Take necessary precautions while preparing, transporting, storing, training and operating stage weapons (stabbing weapons, shooting weapons, etc).
perform resource planning;Estimate the expected input in terms of time, human and financial resources necessary to achieve the project objectives.
monitor milk production deviations;Monitoring milk production processes for deviations and non-conformance.
produce organ components;Choose the appropriate materials and tools, and build the different parts of an organ such as wind chests, pipes, bellows, keyboards, pedals, organ consoles and cases.
understand spoken Polish;Comprehend orally expressed Polish.
advise on historical context;Advise on the historical context of a production, including historical facts, and contemporary styles.
tune keyboard music instruments;Tune any parts of keyboard musical instruments that are off-key, by using various tuning techniques.
design make-up effects;Develop and apply special make-up including effects.
design press kit for media;Draft promotional materials to be distributed among members of the media for promotional purposes.
follow company standards;Lead and manage according to the organisations code of conduct.
public housing legislation;The regulations and legislation concerning the construction, maintenance and allocation of public housing facilities.
perform oil clarification with boiling methods;Clarify oil by boiling with water. Heat freshly-extracted oil with a specified amount of water added. Pour off oil when most of the water has been boiled out, leaving the coagulated solids at the bottom of the container. Strive to leave a solid residue which contains a minimal amount of residual oil.
tend CNC engraving machine;Monitor and operate a computer numerical controlled (CNC) engraving machine according to regulations.
engine components;Know the different engine components, and their operation and maintenance. Understand when repairs and replacement should be undertaken.
keep stock records;Keep written records of the amount of stock in storage, incoming and outgoing products required for the proper operation of services, repairs and maintenance tasks.
apply credit stress testing methodologies;Use several approaches and credit stress test methodologies. Determine and analyse which reactions to different financial situations or sudden changes can have an impact on the whole economy.
pack stone products;Use lifting equipment to lower the heavy pieces into boxes and guide them by hand to make sure they take the right place. Wrap the pieces in a protective material. When all the pieces are in the box, secure them with separating material such as cardboard to prevent them from moving and from sliding against each other during transportation.
persist;Stick to ones tasks in spite of fatigue or frustration.
make strategic business decisions;Analyse business information and consult directors for decision making purposes in a varied array of aspects affecting the prospect, productivity and sustainable operation of a company. Consider the options and alternatives to a challenge and make sound rational decisions based on analysis and experience.
provide non-surgical treatment in cosmetic procedures;Administer treatment such as subcutaneous injections and perform skin peeling and dermabrasion to enhance the aspect of the skin.
monitor security measures;Oversee and control the implementation of prevention, security, and surveillance measures in order to assess their effectiveness and to make adjustments in case of unsatisfactory results.
understand written Welsh;Read and comprehend written texts in Welsh.
polish dental prostheses;Use finishing burrs and grinding equipment to grind, smooth, and polish dental prostheses.
maintain vessel safety and emergency equipment;Maintain and inspect all safety and emergency equipment such as life jackets, inflatable life rafts, flares, EPIRB, first-aid kits, AED, skiff emergency packs, emergency flashlights, and hand-held radios. Ensure that safety equipment is organised, available for emergency use, and re-stocked as necessary. Record inspection of the equipment in appropriate logbooks.
ensure point of sale material availability;implement and monitor all activities related to the equipment and materials available at point of sale.
use IT tools;Application of computers, computer networks and other information technologies and equipment to storing, retrieving, transmitting and manipulating data, in the context of a business or enterprise.
identify props;Determine the props needed for each scene by reading and analysing the script. Make a detailed list of them.
ICT network simulation;The methods and tools which enable modelling of the ICT network behaviour by calculating the data exchange among entities or capturing and reproducing characteristics from a functioning network.
prioritise requests;Prioritise incidents and requests reported by customers or clients. Respond professionaly and in a timely fashion.
display library material;Assemble, sort and arrange library materials for display.
inspect tidal stream generators;Perform routine inspections on tidal stream generators by carefully inspecting all parts to identify any problems, and to assess whether repairs have to be arranged.
glass coatings;Coatings used to protect glass from damage, to influence its behaviour when damaged, to keep harmful UV rays out, and others. Their usage cases, advantages and disadvantages and price points.
coordinate technical teams in artistic productions;Plan, coordinate and supervise the work of the technical teams such as scene, wardrobe, light and sound, make-up and hairdressing and props during set-up, rehearsals, performances and dismantling.
newsletter analysis;The study of newsletters in order to determine coverage and usefulness of newsletter.
give feedback on changing circumstances;Respond appropriately to changing circumstances in an activity session.
dress actors;Dress performing artists.
ensure compliance with environmental legislation in food production;Make sure to comply with environmental legislation in food production. Understand the legislation related to environmental matters in food manufacturing and apply it in practice.
measure fruits or vegetables;Measure fruits or vegetables, using gauges or weight.
develop efficiency plans for logistics operations;Elaborate and implement plans in order to increase efficiency and reduce waste during logistics operations.
store products;Keep products in a safe place in order to maintain their quality. Ensure the stock facilities meet hygiene standards, regulating temperature, heating and air conditioning of storage facilities.
read care labels;Sort clothing items according to their colour or fabric by inspecting and reading care tags or labels. They indicate agitations, how a particular fabric should best be washed, bleached, dryed, ironed and cleaned.
use microsoft office;Use the standard programs contained in Microsoft Office. Create a document and do basic formatting, insert page breaks, create headers or footers, and insert graphics, create automatically generated tables of contents and merge form letters from a database of addresses. Create auto-calculating spreadsheets, create images, and sort and filter data tables.
design component interfaces;Use methods and tools to design and program interfaces of software and system components.
scan photos;Scan images into computers for editing, storage, and electronic transmission.
transcribe dialogues;Transcribe dialogues accurately and quickly.
keep up-to-date with regulations;Maintain up-to-date knowledge of current regulations and apply this knowledge in specific sectors.
analyse potential threats against national security;Analyse the possibilities of potential threats and actions taken against national security in order to develop preventive measures and aid with the development of military tactics and operations.
perform scenes for filming;Perform the same scene several times in a row independently from the plot until the shot is deemed satisfactory.
evidence-based approach in general practice;The general principles, methods and concepts of scientific research and the fundamentals of statistics in medical care. The scientific background of pathology and theories about the forming of hypotheses and problem-solving.
perform high risk work;Perform high risk tasks and work that requires close adherence to specific rules and procedures to ensure safe operations.
work with hot nitrogen;Work with hot nitrogen by conveying it through alternate batteries of driers.
deal with aggressive behaviour;Respond promptly to adverse behaviour in a professional manner by taking appropriate and legal action to prevent further aggressiveness, such as verbal warning, lawful removal from the premises or apprehension of the person involved. Report details of adverse behaviour in line with the organisation’s procedures.
assist forest survey crew;Hold measuring tape and survey rods. Carry and stakes and set them. Clear vegetation from sighting line. Assist forest survey crew in related tasks.
consider time zones in execution of work;Work considering multiple time zones and plan activities depending on the voyage times and respective operating times of ports around the world.
morphology;The field of study dealing with the general structure of organisms and their features, including size and shape.
carry out forum moderation;Supervise communication activity on a web forum and other discussion platforms by assessing if the content adheres to forum regulations, enforcing rules of conduct, and ensuring the forum remains free of illegal material and conflict.
ensure implementation of subsidence mitigation measures;Investigate the subsidence of a surface in relation to the railway system and recommend effective mitigation measures.
strategies for handling cases of elder abuse;"The range of strategies and approaches utilised in the identification, termination, and prevention of instances of elder abuse. This incudes understanding of the methods and procedures used to recognise instances of elder abuse, the legal implications of abusive behaviour; and possible intervention and rehabilitation activities."
implement environmental protection measures;Enforce environmental criteria to prevent environmental damage. Strive for the efficient use of resources in order to prevent waste and reduce costs. Motivate colleagues to take relevant steps to operate in an environmentally friendly manner.
control delivered waste;Carry out receiving controls identifying, inspecting and declaring the delivered waste.
apply through-hole technology manually;Use through-hole technology (THT) to attach the leads of larger electronic components through the corresponding holes in printed circuit boards. Apply this technique manually.
table grapes manipulation;"Understand growing practices for both new and existing table grape cultivars; trellis design, canopy and fruit management, vine physiology including light and carbohydrate issues, growth regulators and girdling, vine capacity and crop load determinations"
maintain physiotherapy equipment;Maintain the physiotherapy equipment and supplies, ensuring that equipment is safe and fit for purpose.
assess health services within the community;Assess the effectiveness and efficiency of health services for the community with a view to its improvement.
types of forging press;Types of presses used in the metal forging process, such as hydraulic and mechanical forging presses.
surveillance radars;Know that Mode A/C Secondary Surveillance Radar stations continuously interrogate all aircraft within their range. Know that Mode S Secondary Surveillance Radar stations carry out interrogations of aircraft within their coverage.
manage air navigation services;"Manage air navigation services; oversee financial planning and follow evolutions in aviation technology."
maintain vehicle spare parts;Maintain the availability of spare parts for vehicles available in order to reduce the amount of time vehicles spend under repair.
interpret data in food manufacturing;Interpret data from different sources, like market data, scientific papers, and customers requirements in order to research development and innovation in food sector.
expand the network of providers;Broaden range of services to clients by seeking opportunities and proposing new local service providers.
handle financial disputes;Handle disputes between individuals or organisations, either public or corporate, which deal with financial matters, accounts, and taxation.
balance disorders;The causes that affect balance in humans, abnormalities and their symptoms such as vertigo, dizziness and disorientation.
train animals and individuals to work together;Train animals and individuals to work together, including the match between individuals and animals, the design of integrated training programmes for people and animals, implementation of integrated training programmes, evaluation of integrated training programmes for people and animals against agreed outcomes and evaluating the compatibility between individuals and animals in relation to physical characteristics.
synthesise information;Critically read, interpret, and summarize new and complex information from diverse sources.
repair photographic film;Detect tears in photographic film, repair them using a hand stapler.
manage multiple patients simultaneously;Coordinate and supervise the management of several patients simultaneously and manage mass-casualty incidents.
build a strategic marketing plan for destination management;Create a framework and general direction for marketing activities surrounding a tourist destination. This includes market research, brand development, advertising and promotion, distribution and sales.
understand written Limburgish;Read and comprehend written texts in ?Limburgish.
design questionnaires;Study the objectives of the research and imprint those aims into the design and development of questionnaires.
first aid;The emergency treatment given to a sick or injured person in the case of circulatory and/or respiratory failure, unconsciousness, wounds, bleeding, shock or poisoning.
apply footwear finishing techniques;Apply various chemical and mechanical finishing procedures to footwear by performing manual or machine operations, with or without chemicals, such as heel and sole roughing, dying, bottom polishing, cold or hot wax burnishing, cleaning, removing tacks, inserting socks, hot air treeing for removing wrinkles, and cream, spray or antique dressing. Work both manually and use the equipment and machines, and adjust working parameters.
work independently in rental services;Perform tasks such as communicating with customers, answering the telephone, renting out products, resolving technical issues without the guidance or support of others, taking decisions autonomously and assuming responsibility for them.
ensure safety in international aviation;Communicate with national and international agencies to ensure maximum efficiency and safety in the field of aviation.
company policies;The set of rules that govern the activity of a company.
maintain costumes;Collect, check, maintain and repair costumes.
model mineral deposits;Geologically model mineral deposits in order to determine their location, their aspect and their economic potential.
deal with setbacks;Learn from setbacks and mistakes when creating products and concepts in order to benefit from them.
rainwater management;The characteristics of water sensitive urban design methods such as wet basins, dry basins, drainage and surface infiltration.
operate creasing machinery;Feed material squarely into the machine and check that the position of cuts and creases is correct, without damage. Produce a sample to match required standards and to possibly make adjustments.
design an artificial lighting system;Investigate and design an artificial lighting system based on daylight, timer, or occupation of spaces, taking into account any technical specifications and restrictions, such as power quality and energy efficiency and the influence of used materials in light bulbs or LEDs on environment.
promote prevention of social isolation;Promote the use of ICT devices in order to prevent the care recipient to loose contact with his social environment.
use tribometer;Use a tribometer to check the amount of friction that a surface provides.
operate ship propulsion system;Perform start-up and subsequent observation of the working parameters of the ships propulsion system. Check the operating parameters of electric generators in the switchboard, power sources and electrical and electronic equipment and navigation lights. Verify that the operating parameters of pneumatic and hydraulic systems are within the values. Perform simple maintenance procedures, repair and replacement of damaged items.
contribute to the development of a creative choreography;Help the choreographer develop his or her artistic intent. Grasp the works identity, participate in the creative process, and ensure a smooth relationship and communications within the artistic team.
abrasive machining processes;The various machining principles and processes employing abrasives, (mineral) materials that can shape a workpiece by eroding excessive parts of it, such as grinding, honing, sanding, buffing, diamond wire cutting, polishing, abrasive blasting, tumbling, water-jet cutting, and others.
match product moulds;Changing moulds to match product specification. Run test samples and check for proper specifications.
develop employee retention programs;Plan, develop, and implement programs aimed at keeping the satisfaction of the employees in the best levels. Consequently, assuring the loyalty of employees.
assist with hemostasis;Use the appropriate techniques and tools to stop bleeding, applying haemostatic agents and vessel loops.
apply crisis management;Take control over plans and strategies in critical circumstances showing empathy and understanding to achieve resolution.
advise on learning methods;Provide advice to help students study in a way that suits them best, propose different techniques such as using visual highlighting or speaking out loud, and help them draw up summaries and create learning schedules.
manage government policy implementation;Manage the operations of the implementation of new government policies or changes in existing policies on a national or regional level as well as the staff involved in the implementation procedure..
implement workplace drug policies;Implement strict policy of alcohol and drug prohibition in the workplace and take immediate action in the case of infringement.
counsel students;Provide assistance to students with educational, career-related or personal issues such as course selection, school adjustment en social integration, career exploration and planning, and family problems.
deliver presentations on tourism;Make presentations about the tourism industry in general and about specific tourist attractions.
manage contract disputes;Monitor issues that arise between the parties involved in a contract and provide solutions in order to avoid lawsuits.
leather goods materials;"The wide range of materials used in leather goods production: leather, leather substitutes (synthetics or artificial materials), textile, etc; the way of distinguishing among various materials based on their properties, advantages and limitations."
develop tourism policies;Develop strategies for the improvement of the tourism market and operations in a country, and to promote the country as a tourism destination.
monitor electric generators;Monitor the operation of electric generators in power stations in order to ensure functionality and safety, and to identify need for repairs and maintenance.
repair windshield wipers;Remove and replace windshield wipers by using hand tools. Choose the appropriate wipers to match with the model of the motor vehicle. Fix them to the windshield.
spa products;Keep up to date with new spa products such as certain oil and nail products being introduced by the market, and implement their benefits in the company or facility.
endocrine physiology;The physiological functions and components of endocrine glands, hormone chemistry and hormone cellular effects.
conduct research across disciplines;Work and use research findings and data across disciplinary and/or functional boundaries.
implement strategic planning;Take action on the goals and procedures defined at a strategic level in order to mobilise resources and pursue the established strategies.
interact verbally in Galician;Communicate orally in Galician.
teach further education;Instruct adult students, not participating in standard higher education, in the theory and practice of one or several subjects with the aim of self-enrichment, ranging from academic areas such as mathematics and history to practical courses including languages and IT.
assist in plant propagation;Assist in planting local native plants for revegetation works according to an yearly schedule.
blockchain consensus mechanisms;The different mechanisms and their characteristics that ensure a transaction is propagated correctly in the distributed ledger.
define software architecture;Create and document the structure of software products including components, coupling and interfaces. Ensure feasibility, functionality and compatibility with existing platforms.
manage gambling hospitality;To manage the operational implementation of the Hospitality offerings, ensuring delivery of a consistent approach and a high quality presentation and service as agreed with competent Authorities.To review the cost controls and management of the Hospitality offering as well as internal audits.
supervise plotting of stage lights;Make sure cues for stage lights are adequately entered into the lightboard. Put in levels, positions, changeovers, etc.
handle financial transactions;Administer currencies, financial exchange activities, deposits as well as company and voucher payments. Prepare and manage guest accounts and take payments by cash, credit card and debit card.
pleat fabrics;Apply pleating processes to fabrics and wearing apparel products following adequate procedures and using specific equipment for the purpose.
assist in the administration of fluids to animals;Prepare the equipment for administering fluids to animals, observe the animal during the treatment, and keep fluid balance records.
bioleaching;Understand the principles of bioleaching, the extraction of products from raw mineral through the use of living organisms.
preparation for child delivery;The procedures to follow for delivering babies and the needed technical equipment in obstetrics.
culture aquaculture hatchery stocks;"Use appropriate implements to collect shellfish spat. Sort wild shellfish spat. Collect naturally spawned fish eggs; eliminate egg adhesiveness and incubate eggs until hatched. Handle fish and shellfish broodstock and feed according to their needs."
check deliveries on receipt;Control that all order details are recorded, that faulty items are reported and returned and that all paperwork is received and processed, according to the purchasing procedures.
ramp safety requirements;Thoroughly understand ramp safety requirements and procedures.
assist the dentist during the dental treatment procedure;Actively participate in the treatment procedure to retract tissue, tongue and cheek. Keep area clear and prevent saliva build-up and debris in the patient`s mouth by using a suction tip and oral evacuator, stabilising tissue and clipping sutures in oral surgery and applying force to chisel guided by dentist in the removal of impacted teeth.
promote animal welfare;Promote good practice and work with compassion to sustain and promote high standards of animal welfare at all times by adapting personal behaviour and managing environmental factors.
produce wind musical instrument components;Choose the appropriate materials and tools, and build the different components of wind musical instruments such as key mechanisms, leadpipes, bells and mouthpieces.
check request legitimacy;Examine the customers interest in a private investigation before accepting the agreement in order to make sure the interest does not go against the law or public morals.
determine crystalline structure;Perform tests such as x-ray examinations in order to determine the composition and type of crystalline structure of a specific mineral. This structure is the way the atoms are arranged in a unique geometrical pattern within a mineral.
analyse health damaging behaviours;Examine behaviours that may be damaging to an individuals health, such as smoking, drug abuse, or poor diet. Use psychological theories and interventions for primary prevention and health related behavioural change.
cut wallpaper to size;Use large scissors or other cutting implements to cut wallpaper to size. Mark the paper where it is to be cut, leaving extra space where appropriate. Mark or crease the paper and cut it straight and without fraying.
maintain tanks;Clean and keep in adequate condition tanks, basins, and filter beds using hand tools and power tools.
handle guest luggage;Manage, pack, unpack and store guest luggage on request.
model electrical system;Model and simulate an electrical system, product, or component so that an assessment can be made of the viability of the product and so the physical parameters can be examined before the actual building of the product.
traceability in food industry;Traceability measures to respond to potential risks that can arise in food and feed, so as to ensure that all food products are safe for humans to eat.
supervise sound production;Supervise the creation of sound and decide which music and sounds to use for the movie and theatre production.
advise on waste management procedures;Advise organisations on the implementation of waste regulations and on improvement strategies for waste management and waste minimisation, to increase environmentally sustainable practices and environmental awareness.
synthetic natural environment;The simulation and representation of components of physical world such as climate, wheather and space where military systems exist in order to obtain information and perform tests.
practice vigilance;Practice vigilance during patrol or other surveillance activities in order to ensure safety and security, to look out for suspicious behaviour or other alarming changes in patterns or activities, and to respond quickly to these changes.
perform therapeutic drug monitoring;Select the appropriate laboratory tests for Therapeutic Drug Monitoring and interpret tests to determine whether a drug is producing its desired therapeutic effect in order to use the analysis in minimising drugs adverse effects.
monitor chemical process condition;Monitor the conformity of the chemical process, checking all indicators or warning signals provided by the instruments such as recording instruments, flowmeters and panel lights.
renewable energy technologies;The different types of energy sources which cannot be depleted, such as wind, solar, water, biomass, and biofuel energy. The different technologies used to implement these types of energy to an increasing degree, such as wind turbines, hydroelectric dams, photovoltaics, and concentrated solar power.
administer treatment to animals;Administer animal medical interventions, including the treatments performed, medicines used, and assessments of the state of health.
plant disease control;Types and features of diseases in plants and crops. Different kinds control methods, activities using conventional or biological methods taking into account the type of plant or crop, environmental and climate conditions and health and safety regulations. Storage and handling of products.
tend grinding mill machine;Operate a grinding mill that grinds grains such as cereals, cocoa beans or coffee beans to obtain powders or pastes with different consistencies and grain sizes.
civil process order;The legal procedures and standards that courts follow in civil lawsuits.
design geothermal energy systems;Design in detail a geothermal energy system. Determine construction site boundaries e.g., needed space, area, depth. Make detailed descriptions and drawings of the design.
sell bicycles;Sell new or second-hand bicycles, mountainbikes, race bicycles or electric bicycles, and bicycle accessories.
livestock;The various types of animals that are bred, held captive and killed for human consumption.
ensure accuracy of aeronautical data;Ensure the accuracy of published aeronautical information, e.g. landing charts and radio navigational aids.
ICT power consumption;The energy consumption and types of models of software as well as hardware elements.
blow moulding machine parts;Parts of the machine that produces plastic products such as bottles by injecting air under high pressure into heated preforms placed into moulds, such as the hopper, the extruder, the die head and the mould.
plan research process;Outline the research methodologies and schedule in order to ensure that the research can be thoroughly and efficiently executed and that the objectives can be met in a timely manner.
types of audiological equipment;Types and brands of audiological equipment and accessories for audiometers and hearing tests, foam tips, bone conductors, etc.
teach air traffic control;Teach air traffic subjects by imparting knowledge on aviation theory and regulations in air traffic, as well as providing instruction in the practical performance of procedures in air traffic control services.
assemble bicycles;Fit together component parts of bicycles, making sure that every part is fastened properly and that the bicycle is ready for use. Install bicycle accessories such as speedometers, lights and bottle holders.
glassware products;The offered china glassware and other glassware products such as cups and vases, their functionalities, properties and legal and regulatory requirements.
provide power distribution;Provide power distribution for light, stage, sound, video and recording purposes.
apply massage therapy;Apply massage therapy to relieve patients pain by using various specialised techniques.
types of arrows;Arrows are selected for different purposes such as hunting a specific kind of animal or for target shooting. They can present various features and advantages depending on different factors such as the material used for the shaft that can be made of carbon, wood or aluminium, or the arrow fletching which can be straight, helical or spiral.
optical instruments;The characteristics and usage of optical instruments such as lens-meter, to determine refractive power of lenses such as glasses.
create documented procedures;Create and document procedures and metadata definitions.
cervical screening;The test conducted on cells coming from the women`s cervix used to determine pre-cancerous tissues. Cervical screening can be performed via the Papanicolaou test (Pap test) and liquid-based cytology.
research human behaviour;Analyse, study, and explain human behaviour, uncover the reasons why individuals and groups behave as they do, and look for patterns in order to predict future behaviour.
operate package processing equipment;Operate electric package processing equipment and control systems.
write records for repairs;Write records of the repairs and maintenance interventions undertaken, of parts and materials used, and other repair facts.
organise vehicle breakdown support;take all the measures necessary to provide technical support and assistance in case of vehicle breakdown
perform background research on writing subject;"Run thorough background research on writing subject; desk-based research as well as site visits and interviews."
supervise children;Keep the children under supervision for a certain period of time, ensuring their safety at all times.
develop interregional collaboration strategies;Develop plans which ensure the cooperation between different regions in order to pursue common goals and implement projects of common interest, in particular in case of cross border regions. Assess possible alignment with partners from other regions.
SAP Data Services;The computer program SAP Data Services is a tool for integration of information from multiple applications, created and maintained by organisations, into one consistent and transparent data structure, developed by the software company SAP.
deal with challenging people;Work safely and communicate effectively with individuals and groups of people who are in challenging circumstances. This would include recognition of signs of aggression, distress, threatening and how to address them to promote personal safety and that of others.
follow up online user requests;Take feedback from online visitors and take actions that address their requests according to their specific needs.
schedule mine production;Generate mining plans on a weekly, monthly, quarterly or annual basis as appropriate.
manage email hosting service;Oversee the day-to-day running of a private email platform by maintaining and refining provided services, such as spam and virus protection, blocking advertisement, website redesigns and search engine optimisation.
anaesthetics;Anaesthetics is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
analyse requirements for moving goods;Analyse goods to be relocated and their moving requirements. Check requirements and prepare actions to ensure appropriate transport of goods.
develop new confectionery products;Invent new confectionery products to be developed, taking customer demands and suggestions into account.
operate scrap vibratory feeder;Operate a vibratory feeder which gradually feeds scrap or other waste material into a bin.
design puppets;Design and construct puppets and movement control mechanism, based on sketches and/or scripts, for artistic and entertainment purposes.
accept own accountability;Accept accountability for one`s own professional activities and recognise the limits of one`s own scope of practice and competencies.
influence policy makers on social service issues;Inform and advise policy makers by explaining and interpreting the needs of the citizens to enhance social service programs and policies.
asphalt mixes;The properties, advantages and disadvantages of asphalt mixes such as Marshall and Superpave mixes and the way they are best applied.
sew puppet clothing;Sew clothing for puppets by hand or machine. Print out the pattern, cut pieces and modify paper patterns by putting them on the puppet, measuring different parts such as arms and neck.
medical dispatch;The concepts of a medical dispatch system and its use which consists in performing criteria based medical dispatch, answering emergency calls, and operating computer aided dispatch systems.
supply chain management;The flow of goods in the supply chain, movement and storage of raw materials, work-in-process inventory, and finished goods from point of origin to point of consumption.
sword fighting;The various techniques and rules to safely use swords to re-enact combat scenes.
report to the team leader;Keep the team leader informed on current and emerging issues.
prepare patients for imaging procedures;Instruct patients prior to their exposure to imaging equipment, correctly positioning the patient and imaging equipment to obtain the best image of the area being examined.
monitor customer inquiries;"Process questions and requests from customers; provide clear information about imported and exported products."
retain record samples;Retain record samples for eventual audio testing.
apply airport lighting maintenance procedures;Apply light maintenance procedures in airports, whereby defective parts are removed and immediately replaced with a new one. Following this, the defective part is taken to the workshop for repair.
ensure full functioning of food plant machinery;Ensure and maintain manufacturing process equipment and ensure such machinery operates in a clean, organised environment in compliance with food safety requirements.
stun animals;Stun animals for slaughter according to the type of animals, and following regulations regarding animal welfare. Strive to minimise the incidence of consciousness recovery within time limits.
develop data processing applications;Create a customised software for processing data by selecting and using the appropriate computer programming language in order for an ICT system to produce demanded output based on expected input.
write calibration report;Report on the instrument calibration measurements and results. A calibration report includes the objectives and approach of the test, descriptions of tested instruments or products, test procedures, and test results.
design automation components;Design engineering parts, assemblies, products, or systems that contribute to the automation of industrial machines.
coordinate security;Organise the personal, technical and organizational security requirements.
seek innovation in current practices;Search for improvements and present innovative solutions, creativity and alternative thinking to develop new technologies, methods or ideas for and answers to work-related problems.
create auction catalogue;"Compose auction catalogues with current items up for auction; include recent pictures and terms and conditions of the sale."
recruit bus drivers;Recruit bus drivers having assessed their skills following examinations, and with consideration of the feedback of other professionals about the ability of the candidates.
implement veterinary clinical governance;Conduct self audit and peer group review processes in relation to professional standards in veterinary clinics.
anticipate installation maintenance;Prepare resources and activities to execute installation maintenance, according to budget needs.
manage moisture of seeds;Managing moisture levels of oil seeds and adjust process accordingly.
implement nursing care;Implement nursing care when treating patients in order to improve professional practice.
assemble fossils;Reassemble the skeletal structure of dinosaurs, prehistoric mammals, and other fossils by comparing them to existing fossils.
tend straightening press;Tend an automated stamping press, designed to straighten sheet metal and steel, monitor and operate it, according to regulations.
manual lymphatic drainage massage;Light techniques and strokes applied to sooth the lymphatic and circulatory systems. The structure and function of the lymphatic system, of the blood vessels of head and neck and contraindications of this type of massage.
replace die;Evaluate if a replacement of the die of a machine is deemed beneficial and take the necessary actions for replacing it either manually (depending on its size, by the use of a manual lifting tackle) or mechanically.
operating systems;The features, restrictions, architectures and other characteristics of operating systems such Linux, Windows, MacOS, etc.
operate in slaughterhouse installations;Operate in slaughterhouse installations where skinning, opening, removing organs, splitting, and carcass processing are performed.
cast cell covers;Cast concrete cell covers or cover parts, such as anode pins, using power tools.
build electronic prototypes;Construct prototypes from rough plans and sketches.
anchors used in maritime water transport;Distinguish various types of anchors used in maritime transport operations according to the type of vessel, port characteristics and regulatory guidelines.
inspect wave energy converters;Perform routine inspections on wave energy converters by carefully inspecting all parts to identify any problems, and to assess whether repairs have to be arranged.
treat medical conditions with art therapy;Elicit clients inherent capacity for art making to enhance their physical, mental and emotional well-being, treating people with developmental, medical, educational and social or psychological impairment.
Korean;The Korean language.
manufacture male suits;Manufacture suits for men considering traditional cuts and tailoring techniques. Perform bespoke tailoring from measurement, fabric selection, cutting, assembling and fitting.
raise hens;Keep hens in order to produce table eggs for eating or fertile eggs for breeding.
stay up-to-date with music and video releases;Stay informed about the latest music and video releases in all output formats: CD, DVD, Blu-Ray, vinyl, etc.
operate hand drill;Use a hand drill to make holes in various types of material such as stone, brick and wood. Take care to use the appropriate equipment, settings, drill bit and pressure for the task.
lead inspections;Lead inspections and the protocol involved, such as introducing the inspection team, explaining the purpose of the inspection, performing the inspection, requesting documents and asking appropriate questions.
ensure curriculum adherence;Ensure that educational institutions, teachers, and other education officials adhere to the approved curriculum during educational activities and planning.
use fleet management system;Use a fleet management software to coordinate and organise the company vehicles from a central point. The software includes several functions such as driver management, vehicle maintenance, vehicle tracking and diagnostics, vehicle financing, speed management, fuel and fitness management, and safety management.
set safety and security standards;Determine standards and procedures to ensure safety and security in an establishment.
ICT networking hardware;The ICT network equipment or computer networking devices, such as UPS systems, electrical systems, networking facilities and structured cabling systems.
psychiatry;Psychiatry is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
carry out flow cytometry;Integrate and interpret data generated from flow cytometry histograms into the diagnostic, such as diagnose malignant lymphoma, using flow cytometry technology.
typology;The subdiscipline of linguistics that structurally categorises languages by describing the common properties and structural diversity of languages.
obtain stage weapon permits;Obtain and administrate permits and licences for use and transport weapons on stage.
promote psycho-social education;Explain mental health issues in simple and understandable ways, helping de-pathologise and de-stigmatise common mental health stereotypes and condemning prejudicial or discriminatory behaviours, systems, institutions, practices, and attitudes that are clearly separatist, abusive or harmful to peoples mental health or their social inclusion.
style a dogs coat;Style and finish a dogs coat using various trimming methods. Make sure to follow the standards for how different breeds should look.
clarify oil by settlement;Clarify oil by settlement. Leave freshly extracted oils to stand in a small oil drum or bucket for several days allowing solids to settle. After settlement, pour off the clear or supernatant oil, leaving the plant debris at the bottom of the container. These settled solids are called foots.
monitor patients medication;Monitor medicines use and patient adherence to ensure positive clinical outcomes are achieved and patient needs are met.
advise customers on motor vehicles;"Provide customer advice on motor vehicles, and possible options and accessories; communicate clearly and politely."
plot rigging movements;Plan and rehearse rigging movements to ensure safety of structures.
understand instructions;Be able to understand oral and written instructions.
develop proposed choreographic language;Understand key aspects of aesthetic, choreographic, dramatic, and interactional concepts proposed to you, and establish how to embody these concepts for the performance. Rehearse and develop the concepts to grow your interpretation, using your full artistic and physical qualities.
maintain ride parts inventory;Keep an exhaustive inventory of mechanic and electronic ride parts, to ensure a safe and continuous operation.
prepare resin bath;Fill a reservoir with resin to be used in coating a variety of materials such as filament or glass wool. Make sure the quantity is correct and the resin is of the correct composition and temperature.
transcreation;The process of reproducing commercial content, usually brand related, in other languages while conserving the most important nuances and messages. This refers to the preserving emotional and intangible aspects of brands in translated commercial materials.
advise customers on crafts;Provide customers with information on the techniques and supplies necessary to perform specific craft activities.
develop contingency plans for emergencies;Compose procedures outlining specific actions to be taken in the event of an emergency, taking into account all the risks and dangers that could be involved, ensuring that the plans comply with safety legislation and represent the safest course of action.
tend tumbling barrels;Tend the remote-controlled barrels used for chemicals blending adding specific ingredients, as requested, in sequence according to specifications.
report medication interaction to pharmacist;Identify medication interactions, whether they are drug-drug or drug-patient interactions, and report any interactions to the pharmacist.
manage digital archives;Create and maintain computer archives and databases, incorporating latest developments in electronic information storage technology.
create a flight plan;Develop a flight plan which details the flight altitude, route to be followed ,and amount of fuel required using different sources of information (weather reports and other data from air traffic control).
conduct qualitative research;Gather relevant information by applying systematic methods, such as interviews, focus groups, text analysis, observations and case studies.
memorise information;Store information such as words, numbers, pictures and procedures for later retrieval.
food safety standards;Food safety standards (i.e. ISO 22000) developed by the recognised organisations for Standardization dealing with food safety. For example, the ISO 22000 international standard specifies the requirements for an effective food safety management system. It covers interactive communication, system management, prerequisite programs and HACCP principles.
carry out invasive cardiovascular procedures;Carry out invasive procedures on the thoracic area, such as cardiac catheterisations, defibrillator implants, and pacemaker insertion.
textile finishing technology;Processes used for changing the properties of textile materials. This includes operating, monitoring and maintaining textile finishing machines.
operate sugar washing systems;Operate sugar washing systems that distribute water evenly over the entire exposed surface of sugar wall. Strive for minimum water consumption, high crystal yield and uniform washing of sugar.
promote the participation of citizens in scientific and research activities;Engage citizens in scientific and research activities and promote their contribution in terms of knowledge, time or resources invested.
geographical areas relevant to tourism;The field of tourism geography in Europe as well as the rest of the world in order to point out relevant tourism areas and attractions.
perform political negotiation;Perform debate and argumentative dialogue in a political context, using negotiation techniques specific to political contexts in order to obtain the desired goal, ensure compromise, and maintain cooperative relations.
manage financial aspects of a company;"manage the company-related legal and financial issues; calculate and analyse numbers and figures; look how to save costs and how to maximise income and productivity; always balance costs against possible benefits before making a decision."
coordinate with other emergency services;Coordinate the firefighters work with the activities of the emergency medical services and of the police.
manage warehouse operations;"Manage warehouse operations such as delivering orders and maintaining stock; control safety and risk prevention in the warehouse; follow plans to maximise efficiency of the supply chain."
infrared sensors;Different types of sensors that use light in the infrared spectrum to detect presence or movement of living creatures. Their advantages and disadvantages, usage cases and price points.
apply wound dressings;Select and apply the appropriate wound dressings, such as liquid or spray occlusive materials, absorbent material or immobilising dressing, according to the surgical procedure undertaken.
write Polish;Compose written texts in Polish.
assess felled timber quality;Evaluate felled timbers by measuring and assessing volume and quality using appropriate methods and tools.
maintain administrative records in the veterinary office;Create and maintain administrative records for activities such as appointments and sales in the veterinary office.
recommend footwear products to customers;Recommend specific types of footwear to customers and provide advice on style, fit, availability, etc.
identify land mines;Identify the presence and state of land mines to ensure an area is cleared, to assess the danger of detonation, and to perform demining activities.
prepare geological map sections;Prepare geological sections, a vertical view of the local geology.
perform repairs on bicycles;Identify mechanical/technical bicycle problems, perform intermediate or permanent repairs, taking into account individual customer requests.
label samples;Label raw material/ product samples for laboratory checks, according to implemented quality system.
thermoplastic materials;Types of materials of which the physical state changes when exposed to heat, as well as the specific manner in which the materials react to heat exposure.
connect vehicle maintenance and operations departments;"Establish communication between maintenance and operations planning departments. Ensure professional operations that meet designated schedules; ensure equipment performance and availability."
appraise historical documents;Authenticate and evaluate historical documents and archive materials.
prevent marine pollution;Conduct inspections and take measures in order to prevent or mitigate marine pollution. Adhere to international codes and resolutions.
complete transaction procedures for returned vehicles;"Finish the transaction procedures for returned vehicles; verify the accuracy of closing calculations."
prepare egg products for use in a dish;Make egg products for use in a dish by cleaning, cutting or using other methods.
ensure ambulance roadworthiness;Check, prior to service, that the ambulance is working properly and that no technical defaults are risking the continuation of the ambulance service.
inform customers on energy consumption fees;Inform potential customers of an energy retailer on the monthly fees charged for their energy supply services, and any additional charges.
building information modelling;Building Information Modelling serves as software platform for integrated design, modelling, planning, and collaboration. It provides a digital representation of a buildings characteristics in its whole lifecycle.
follow manufacturer guidelines in use of airport equipment;Follow advice provided by manufacturers on the use and maintenance of the different vehicles, equipment, and instruments used in airports. Establish communication processes with manufacturers and understand all the mechanical, electrical, and preventive, actions needed to utilise equipment effectively.
manage information sources;Identify relevant internal and external information sources and providers. Organise the information workflow and define information deliverables.
perform routine flight operations checks;Perform checks before and during flight: conduct pre-flight and in-flight inspections of aircraft performance, route and fuel usage, runway availability, airspace restrictions, etc.
maintain financial records;Keep track of and finalise all formal documents representing the financial transactions of a business or project.
follow safety procedures when working at heights;Take necessary precautions and follow a set of measures that assess, prevent and tackle risks when working at a high distance from the ground. Prevent endangering people working under these structures and avoid falls from ladders, mobile scaffolding, fixed working bridges, single person lifts etc. since they may cause fatalities or major injuries.
ICT process quality models;The quality models for ICT services which address the maturity of the processes, the adoption of recommended practices and their definition and institutionalisation that allow the organisation to reliably and sustainably produce required outcomes. It includes models in a lot of ICT areas.
operate fire extinguishers;Understand the operation of fire extinguishing equipment and fire extinguishing techniques.
participate in medical records auditing activities;Assist and help with any requests arisen during audits related to the archiving, filling and processing of medical records.
supervise security at manned access gates;Ensure that surveillance operations undertaken at manned access gates are carried out as effectively as possible.
organise mail deliveries;Organise mail and small package deliveries in an efficient, confidential, and safe manner.
work with a voice coach;Receive advice and training from a voice coach. Learn how to use one’s voice correctly, how to properly pronounce and articulate words, and use the right intonation. Get trained in breathing techniques.
lead the brand strategic planning process;Manage the strategic planning process of the brand as well as provide innovation and progress in the strategy planning methodologies and improvements for consumer communication in order to base innovation and strategies on consumer insights and needs.
assist community;Support the community or other public services technically in situations which create risks to the public or when special support is needed.
interact verbally in Malay;Communicate orally in Malay.
assemble prefabricated furniture;Assemble parts of prefabricated furniture, in order to bring it to its initial form.
goods transported from warehouse facilities;"Know the goods transported from warehouse facilities. Understand the legal and safety requirements of goods, the hazards that materials may represent; provide solutions and appropriate direction for the handling of goods."
regulate chemical reaction;Regulate the reaction by adjusting the steam and coolant valves so that the reaction is within the specified limits for explosion prevention.
characteristics of services;The characteristics of a service that might include having acquired information about its application, function, features, use and support requirements.
ensure compliance with maintenance legislation;Guarantee compliance with building regulations, licensing, legal requirements, electrical installations and health and safety procedures.
monitor patients during surgery;Observe and monitor patients during surgery, responding quickly to any changes.
supervise animal handling for veterinary activities;Supervise the handling and restraint of animals in connection with veterinary examination or other procedures.
field-programmable gate arrays;The integrated circuits that can be repurposed to desired application or functionality requirements after their manufacturing, which allow users to tailor microcontrollers to meet their own individual needs.
facilitate motor skill activities;Organise activities that stimulate childrens motor skills, especially the more challenged children in a special education context.
advise on control of conception;Provide advice on the various types of methods used to prevent pregnancy such as contraceptives or condoms.
types of wood materials;Identify the specification, purpose, and quality of the required wood (based) material and provide information about this to customers.
software metrics;The metrics that measure a characteristic of the software system in order to determine the development of the software and evaluate it.
variety of grapes;Varieties of grapes and the types of wine that can be produced with them. Specifications during fermentation and the treatment of the juice during the process.
health informatics;Multidisciplinary field of computer science, information science, and social science that uses health information technology (HIT) to improve healthcare.
basic chemicals;The production and characteristisc of organic basic chemicals such as ethanol, methanol, benzene and inorganic basic chemicals such as oxygen, nitrogen, hydrogen.
administer medication for vision problems;Administer medication to patients to aid in the diagnosis of vision problems and prescribe drugs to treat some eye diseases.
clear accident site;Remove large objects such as a damaged vehicles, clear debris and dispose of it in compliance with legislation, clean the place and remove temporary traffic signs.
mentor individual employees;Mentor and support individual employees with regard to identified training needs.
maintain chromotography machinery;Maintain the machinery used in chromatographic methodologies by executing small repairs and escalating the problems that are related to the machinery manufacturer.
attend to hygiene;Take personal responsibility to guarantee a safe working environment, including personal hygiene.
draw up artistic programming policy;Formulate ideas, possible plans and concepts concerning the artistic policy in the medium and short term. More specifically, focus on the season programming in order to contribute to the development of a coherent, high quality and realistic policy by the artistic direction.
liaise with transportation services;Serve as an intermediary between the customer and various transportation services.
plan choreographic improvisation;Establish improvisation parameters of a physical, spatial or morphological nature. Clarify goals and uses of improvisation.
create data models;Use specific techniques and methodologies to analyse the data requirements of an organisations business processes in order to create models for these data, such as conceptual, logical and physical models. These models have a specific structure and format.
instruct on set up of equipment;Instruct others on how to properly and safely set up equipment according to specifications and regulations.
cope with stage fright;Deal with conditions that cause stage fright, such as time limits, the audience and stress.
emergency medicine;Emergency medicine is a medical specialty mentioned in the EU Directive 2005/36/EC.
strive for excellence in musical performance;Continually commit to perfecting your instrumental or vocal performance.
maintain ICT system;Select and apply system and network monitoring techniques. Identify and fix operational problems. Ensure that systems capabilities and efficiency match company specifications.
operate concrete mixer truck;Work with concrete mixer trucks. Drive the truck and operate controls. Keep track of time. Take the necessary steps to evacuate the concrete upon arrival at the site, either alone using a full range chute, or with help when using a rear chute.
educate patients relations on care;Educate patient`s caregivers, family, or employer on how to accommodate and care for the patient.
handle poultry;Handle poultry in coordence with animal welfare
guide staff;Lead and manage team in order to keep them informed about a variety of rules and regulations regarding to grants.
develop an artistic network;Generate awareness of a show or event through public relations initiatives. Develop a network of music industry contacts to spread the word about upcoming shows.
host trade delegations;Organise meetings with groups of government officials or company executives coming to the country in order to assess the potential for economic cooperation.
ergonomics;The science of designing systems, processes and products that complement the strengths of people so that they can use them easily and safely.
manage stress in organisation;Cope with sources of stress and cross-pressure in ones own professional life, such as occupational, managerial, institutional and personal stress, and help others do the same so as to promote the well-being of your colleagues and avoid burn-out.
analyse community needs;Identify and respond to specific social problems in a community, delineating the extent of the problem and outline the level of resources required to address it and identifying the existing community assets and resources that are available to address the problem.
understand spoken Walloon;Comprehend orally expressed Walloon.
operate LED-based panel signal boxes;"Work with high tech LED-based signal boxes; a signaller flips switches and pushes buttons to manipulate train movements on stretches of track up to 50 miles long."
types of planing cutters;Types of cutters used in the planing process of a workpiece, such as carbide tipped cutters, hydro planing cutters and others.
maintain refuse collection equipment;Identify and repair minor damage to refuse collection equipment as well as perform routine maintenance tasks.
correct dentofacial deformities;Surgically realign and reconstruct the upper and lower jaws into proper dental and facial relationships to improve the patient`s bite and facial appearance.
train religious professionals;Train individuals working or aspiring to work in religious professions in their duties, such as preaching methods, interpretation of religious texts, leading of prayers and other worship activities, and other religious activities relating to that profession. Ensure that the students will perform their function in a manner compliant with the religious organisation they belong to.
develop biocatalytic processes;Develop fuels or fine chemicals from biomass by using microorganisms such as enzymes or yeast.
transfer stock;Remove material from one storage location to another.
liaise with logistics management teams;"Communicate with logistics management in order to optimise service levels; optimise the supply chain while keeping expenditures at a minimum."
monitor construction site;Keep an overview of what happens at the construction site at all times. Identify who is present and what stage of the construction work each crew is in.
maintain parts inventory;"Maintain stock levels in accordance with organisation procedures and policies; estimate upcoming supply needs."
evaluate translation technologies;Use technologies for translation and provide observations on their use for defined purposes.
excavate fossils;Dig up prehistoric remains of animals and plants using specialised tools such as hand picks, brushes, and shovels.
direct distribution operations;Direct distribution and logistics operations ensuring maximum accuracy and productivity.
carry out evacuation of airport in an emergency;Assist in the evacuation of airport passengers, staff, and visitors in emergency situations.
repair alarm system;Following the investigation activity, reset and repair the alarm system in place in order to restore its functional properties for future use.
implement ICT recovery system;Create, manage and implement ICT system recovery plan in case of crisis in order to retrieve information and reacquire use of the system.
develop zoonotic disease control policies;Carry out research and elaborate policies, guidelines, and strategies for the control of zoonotic and foodborne diseases.
attend meetings;Deal with committees, conventions and meetings in order to follow up strategies, conclude bilateral or multilateral agreements, and facilitate enforcement of such agreements.
tune up wireless audio systems;Tune up a wireless audio system in a live situation.
draw design sketches;Create rough pictures to assist in creating and communicating design concepts.
follow verbal instructions;Have the ability to follow spoken instructions received from colleagues. Strive to understand and clarify what is being requested.
types of drill press oils;Types of oil such as (sulphurarised) cutting oils, WD-40, 3-IN-ONE and others used in the drilling process to function as a lubricant that facilitates a smooth drilling process, keeps the drill bit cool and increases its durability.
manage packaging development cycle from concept to launch;Manage the packaging development cycle from concept to launch in order to ensure compliance with financial, operative, and commercial variables.
identify with the companys goals;Act for the benefit of the company and for the achievement of its targets.
cybernetics;The science, mechanisms and components of cybernetics. The type of systems theory focused on the control of regulatory feedback across both living and non-living systems.
operate ship rescue machinery;Operate rescue boats and survival craft. Launch the boats as required and operate their equipment. Take care of survivors and survival craft after abandoning ship. Use electronic devices to track and communicate location, including communications and signalling apparatus and pyrotechnics.
edit scripts;Rewrite scripts. Change dialogue. Mark scripts with relevant information for post-production.
manage forest fires;Protect life, property and resources by preventing forest fires. Detect, control, restrict and suppress fires when they occur. Integrate knowledge of fire regimes, the effects of fire and the values at risk, the required level of forest protection, and costs of fire-related activities.
install electronic communication devices on trains;Install, adjust, and test electronic communication equipment, which includes sound, security, navigation, and surveillance systems.
control panel components;The elements present in control panels, such as wires, circuit breakers, DIN rails, switches, programmable logic controllers (PLC), contactors, and transformers.
grade candles;Rate candles according to type, colour and size.
develop natural areas works programmes;Develop, implement and review natural areas works program (service delivery) to enable completion within allocated resources and timeframes.
podiatric surgery;The surgical specialty used to treat conditions and deformities of the feet such as tendon, heel and hammer toe surgery.
perform clinical neurophysiological examinations;Perform clinical neurophysiological examinations, an extension of a neurologic consultation, which can verify or exclude a clinical suspicion, but also give precise definition of site, type and degree of lesion and reveal abnormalities that are clinically uncertain, silent or unsuspected.
safe street sweeping procedures in traffic;Practices related to sweeping streets in traffic in a safely manner, respecting traffic rules and stationary places.
ingredients for beer production;Basic ingredients of beer, which consist of water, a starch source such as malted barley, brewers yeast to produce the fermentation and a flavouring such as hops.
apply psychoanalysis;Conduct psychoanalysis on patients, focusing on unconscious forces that can have a negative effect on their psychological well-being.
conduct security screenings;"Monitor human flow through the screening checkpoint and facilitate the orderly and efficient processing of people; inspect luggage and handbags following screening procedures."
plan shots;Plan complicated shots, such as explosions, before shooting.
prevent communicable diseases outbreaks;Cooperate with public health services and local communities in order to prevent outbreaks of infectious diseases, recommending pre-emptive measures and treatment options.
animal anatomy for food production;The anatomy of animals, their organs and their functions, as well as the usage of these organs for food production after slaughtering.
business knowledge;A firms functions, the processes and tasks which are employed to accomplish those functions and the relationship of those functions, processes and tasks to each of the functions, processes and tasks performed throughout the firm.
use special hearing equipment for tests;Use audiometers and computers to determine the degree of a patient`s hearing disorder and find other factors relating to the problem.
collect cyber defence data;Collect data for cyber defence using various data collection tools. Data may be gathered from a number of internal or external sources such as online trade records, DNS request logs, email servers logs, digital communications packet capturing, deep web resources, etc.
analyse the comments of select audiences;Identify and summarise recurring and distinctive elements in comments from selected, trusted audiences.
Armenian;The Armenian language.
develop design ideas cooperatively;Share and develop design ideas with the artistic team. Conceptualise new ideas independently and with others. Present your idea, gain feedback and take it into account. Make sure the design fits with the work of other designers.
supervise waste water treatments;Supervise waste water treatment according to environmental regulations.
packaging processes;Packaging design and development. Decorating and printing processes executed in packaging. Pckaging machinery and line operations.
secure premises;Search premises for potential insecurities or risks. If insecurities are detected, remove them in order to assure the clients safety.
install deicing boot;Intall rubber deicing boot on the wings of aircraft according to blueprints and technical plans.
insurance market;The trends and major driving factors in the insurance market, insurance methodologies and practices, and the identification of the major stakeholders in the insurance sector.
interact verbally in Croatian;Communicate orally in Croatian.
coach clients;Actively help clients to improve their strengths and confidence. Propose courses and workshops or coach them yourself.
prepare ceremonial locations;Decorate rooms or other locations for ceremonies, such as funerals, cremations, weddings or baptism.
types of heat sealing;The types of heat sealing that exist, for example induction sealing, induction welding, hot bar sealers, continuous heat sealing and impulse heat sealers and understand for which type of materials they are used.
numerical sequences;Understand numerical sequences as to identify product and appropriate tax stamps.
Interpret diagnostic procedures for vascular surgery;Interpret procedures such as venography, angiography in vascular surgery and interpret invasive and non-invasive imaging modalities such as CT scan, MR imaging, and ultrasound.
types of insurance;The various types of risk or loss transfer policies that exist and their characteristics, such as health insurance, car insurance or life insurance.
prepare documentation for international shipping;Prepare and process official documents for international shipping.
perform dating coaching;Help clients to become good at dating through discussion, role-playing or behaviour modelling.
develop magic show concepts;Develop the different components (e.g. musical, visual, lighting, magic content etc.) of a magic show.
repair coquille defects;Repair coquille malfunctions and damage, such as cracks or broken edges using hand tools and welding machines.
compute engraving dimensions;Measure and compute dimensions of lettering, designs and patterns to be engraved.
provide health psychological analysis;Advise organizations and institutions in regard to health conditions, measures of health promotion, health care and rehabilitation by providing them with health psychological analysis.
develop innovative mobility solutions;Work on innovative ideas to develop transport solutions based on the integration of digital technologies and data management and promoting the shift from personally-owned transport to on-demand and shared mobility services.
formulate a treatment plan;Formulate a treatment plan and evaluation (analysis) based on collected data following assessment using a clinical reasoning process.
kinanthropometry;The study that links human anatomy to movement by investigating factors that include body size, shape, and composition. It is this application of biological data that shows how movement is influenced.
provide community development services;Provide community based social services to specific groups, individuals or families by assessing their needs, collaborating with appropriate organisations and authorities and facilitating seminars and group workshops that improve their well-being in the local area.
design a building management system;Design the building management system (BMS). Describe the automatization strategies and the demanded functionality. Make a weighting and balancing between which components and systems should be included in the BMS and which are less useful to include, in relation to energy saving.
assess studio production;Ensure that actors the production cycle possess the right resources and have an achievable production and delivery timescale.
provide on-site training in aquaculture facilities;Provide on-site training in aquaculture facilities, through instruction and demonstration of skills. Provide, implement and supervise a training development plan,.
learn the choreographic material;Rehearse to learn the choreographic material, convey the choreographers intent and the nuances and details of the choreography, and develop your role in the piece, factoring the precision of movements, the rhythm, the musicality, interaction with peers and stage elements, your physical condition and the conditions of the venue and potential risks associated (fatigue, state of the floor, temperature, etc...).
organise a damage assessment;Organise a damage assessment by indicating an expert to identify and examine the damage, give information and instructions to experts and follow up on the experts, and write a damage report.
conserve water resource;Strive to conserve ground irrigation water. Meet with water conservation agencies and liaise with management on developments in conservation policy.
make diplomatic decisions;Consider several alternative possibilities carefully and in a diplomatic way before making a choice in order to facilitate decision-taking for political leaders.
handle tasks independently;Handle inquiries or information independently with little or no supervision. Depend on ones self to communicate with others and perform daily tasks such as working with data, creating reports, or using software.
prepare religious services;Perform the necessary actions for the preparation of religious services and ceremonies, such as gathering the necessary props and materials, cleaning tools, writing and practicing sermons and other speeches, and other preparation activities.
design user interface;Create software or device components which enable interaction between humans and systems or machines, using appropriate techniques, languages and tools so as to streamline interaction while using the system or machine.
maintain professional boundaries in social work;Uphold key professional boundaries to protect oneself, clients and the organisation. These boundaries are meant to ensure that relationships between social workers and clients remain professional, even when working on very personal and difficult issues.
drive concrete piles;Use any of various types of pile drivers to drive piles made of concrete into the ground for structure stabilisation purposes. Take care to position the pile and pile driver correctly and apply the correct amount of force to drive the pile while preventing damage and physical stresses.
solve operational transport problems;"Communicate with clients and providers in the event of a delay; undertake measures to provide solutions. Take decisions and work proactively in order to avoid operational problems. "
preset costumes;Make sure the costumes are set in place for the performers before the performance.
develop product design;Convert market requirements into product design and development.
conduct public presentations;Speak in public and interact with those present. Prepare notices, plans, charts, and other information to support the presentation.
inform customers about body modifications;Make sure that customers are properly informed about services such as tattooing, body piercing or other body modifications and ensure that they are aware of the permanency and the risks of these modifications. Inform them on after-care and what to do with infections or other complications.
provide genetic counselling;Provide patients affected by genetic diseases with support and help them manage their disease and improve their quality of life.
plan self-organisation;Identify the necessary tasks and prioritise them in order to develop an individual schedule and perform the work in an autonomous way, ensuring that the requirements are met.
install low voltage wiring;Plan, deploy, troubleshoot and test low voltage wiring.
monitor the use of kitchen equipment;Oversee correct use of kitchen equipment, such as knives, colour coded chopping boards, buckets and cloths.
principles of landscape construction;Principles and techniques to prepare ground or site for construction of wooden and brick terraces, fences and ground surfaces. This includes knowlege on how to measure and plan out the site, lay stone and tiles.
manage production changeovers;Plan and oversee changeovers and related activities on a timely basis, in order to successfully execute the required production schedule.
differentiate types of packages;Identify and differentiate different kinds of mail items and packages to be delivered. Consider their differences to foresee the necessary tools required for delivery.
implement data warehousing techniques;Apply models and tools such as online analytical processing (OLAP) and Online transaction processing (OLTP), to integrate structured or unstructured data from sources, in order to create a central depository of historical and current data.
determine characteristics of mineral deposits;Prepare and conduct geological mapping, logging, sampling and assay of drill core and other subsurface rock samples. Analyse results in plans and sections, with particular emphasis on geostatics and sampling theory. Examine in 3D the maps, deposits, drilling locations or mines to determine the location, size, accessibility, contents, value and potential profitability of mineral deposits.
prepare flambeed dishes;Make flambeed dishes in the kitchen or in front of customers while paying attention to safety.
use barcode scanning equipment;Track the inventory by operating barcode scanning devices.
promote religious activities;Promote events, attendance to religious services and ceremonies, and the participation in religious traditions and festivities in a community in order to enhance the role religion plays in that community.
prepare market research reports;Report on the outcomes of the market research, main observations and outcomes, and notes helpful for analysing the information.
manage members;Oversee that members pay their fees and that they get information about union or organisation activities.
repair pipelines;Conduct maintenance and repair work on pipelines to prevent or remedy damages using, if necessary, remote-controlled robots.
handle sensitive products;Properly store and present sensitive products, taking care of relevant factors like temperature, light exposure, moisture levels, etc.
provide career counselling;Advise beneficiaries on future career options through counselling and, potentially, through career testing and evaluation.
keep an open mind;Be interested and open to the problems of others.
place drywall;Place sections of drywall against a surface. Put joists in place. Plan the amount of drywall necessary and the pattern they will be installed in to minimise the number of joints.
comply with legislation in social services;Act according to policy and legal requirements in providing social services.
translate language concepts;Translate one language into another language. Match words and expressions with their corresponding brothers in other languages, while making sure that the message and nuances of the original text are preserved.
tend chain making machine;Tend a metalworking machine designed to form metal chains, monitor and operate it according to regulations.
present during live broadcasts;Present live on political, economic, cultural, social, international or sport events, or host a live broadcast program.
grade coffee beans;Grade coffee beans based on their characteristics, defects, size, colour, moisture content, taste, acidity, body, or aroma.
unseen translation;The translation technique whereby unseen extracts from Latin and Greek prose or verse are presented to translators for them to translate the excerpts perfectly in a determined language, for instance English. It aims to evaluate vocabulary, grammar, and style and increase linguistic knowledge.
pallets loading;Ability to load and unload pallets on vehicles in a safe way.
develop film;Prepare tools and developing and printing equipment. Develop and print exposed film using chemicals.
lay underlayment;Lay an underlayment or pad on the surface before placing the top surface covering in order to protect the carpet from damage and wear. Tape or staple the underlayment to the floor and attach the edges to each other to prevent intrusion of water or other contaminants.
manage ICT semantic integration;Oversee integration of public or internal databases and other data, by using semantic technologies to produce structured semantic output.
build helping relationship with social service users;Develop a collaborative helping relationship, addressing any ruptures or strains in the relationship, fostering bonding and gaining service users` trust and cooperation through empathic listening, caring, warmth and authenticity.
install newel posts;Install newel posts, which provide stability to the stairs and balusters. Cut the newel post to the right dimensions and finish. Anchor the post firmly into place with bolts or screws.
provide stabilisation care in emergency;Provide comprehensive, immediate, and stabilising care in an emergency situation, such as cardiovascular and respiratory emergencies, poisonings and disasters, independent of the location of the emergency, using techniques such as cardiopulmonary resuscitation, first aid treatment of polytrauma and traumatic injury, and disaster medicine.
ensure vehicle preparation for pick-up;"Ensure that vehicle is fully operational and ready to use; prepare vehicle for customer pick-up."
make reservations;Book restaurants, hotels or flights.
use agricultural information systems and databases;Use relevant information systems and databases to plan, manage and operate agricultural enterprise and production.
focus lighting equipment;Focus already installed conventional lighting equipment, based on directions and information from somebody on the floor.
operate sumps;Operate industrial sumps used to remove excess liquid such as water or chemicals.
crude oil distillation processes;The processes involved in the distillation of crude oil using a crude oil distillation unit (CDU) or atmospheric distillation unit, which distils the various constituents of crude oil to separate them.
use doctor blade;Use a doctor blade to remove excess ink during printing and coating processes.
manufacturing of sports equipment;The manufacture of products and equipment used for both outdoor and indoor sports activities, such as balls, rackets, skis, surfboards, fishing, hunting, skating or fitness centre equipment.
write captions;Write captions to accompany cartoons, drawings, and photographs. These captions can be humorous or explanatory.
tackle issues that block academic progress;Address the issues that can block a pupil`s school progress, such as social, psychological, emotional or physical difficulties, through counselling and intervention methods.
negotiate buying conditions;Negotiate terms such as price, quantity, quality, and delivery terms with vendors and suppliers in order to ensure the most beneficial buying conditions.
manufacturing of steam generators;The manufacture of steam or other vapour generators, the manufacture of auxiliary plant for use with steam generators: condensers, economisers, superheaters, steam collectors and accumulators. The manufacture of nuclear reactors, parts for marine or power boilers. Also the production of pipe system construction comprising further processing of tubes generally to make pressure pipes or pipe systems together with the associated design and construction work.
landscape analysis;The methods of analysis and computation used in the design of outdoor spaces.
use personal organization software;Use software tools, such as calendars, to-do lists, time-tracking, contact lists, to help in managing personal efficiency.
fibre optics;The technology which utilises optical fibre, such as plastic or glass threads, to transmit data. Optical fibres are able to transmit light between the two ends of the fibre and may transfer images and messages modulated onto light waves. Fibre optic cables have increased in popularity because of their possibility to transfer data over long distances at higher bandwidths and with lesser amounts of interference than metal cables.
calculate aquatic resources growth rate;Calculate and forecast growth rates. Monitor and assess growth and biomass taking mortality into account, based on the different methods of growth assessment.
challenging issues in the textile industry;The efficiency aims and environmental issues posed by challenges in the textile industry.
follow procedures in the event of an alarm;"Follow safety procedures in the event of an alarm; act according to company instructions and procedures."
guide concrete hose;Guide the concrete hose while the pump is operating. Make sure to distribute the concrete efficiently and securely.
provide lawn care;Care for lawns by applying techniques of organic, hybrid and integrated lawn care. Provide all necessary nutrients. 
tend tumbling machine;Tend a machine designed to smoothen metal or stone surfaces by having the different pieces rub against each other inside a tumbling barrel, monitor and operate it according to regulations.
liaise with distribution channel managers;Liaise with managers in distribution points in order to plan and agree with them promotional events aimed at promoting the brands and products that those distribution channels sell.
identify ICT security risks;Apply methods and techniques to identify potential security threats, security breaches and risk factors using ICT tools for surveying ICT systems, analysing risks, vulnerabilities and threats and evaluating contingency plans.
supplier management;The methods and techniques to ensure that external services and configuration items, which are necessary for the service delivery, are available as requested and as agreed at the service level.
work in a logistics team;Ability to work confidently within a logistics team, with each member of the team fulfilling a role designed to increase the efficiency of the whole.
check quality of products in textile production line;Check characteristics of textile products like yarns, woven, knitted, braided, tufted or nonwoven textiles, finished cloths, ready-make-garments and determine the product quality along different stages of the textile or clothing production line.
communication principles;The set of commonly shared principles in regards with communication such as active listening, establish rapport, adjusting the register, and respecting the intervention of others.
perform vascular surgery therapeutic procedures;Perform vascular surgical interventions, such as arterial exposure and control, repair of vascular trauma, aortic reconstruction, repair of aortic aneurysms, carotid surgery, endarterectomy, endovascular interventions, and thrombosis treatments, reconstruction and vessel occlusion.
perform market research;Gather, assess and represent data about target market and customers in order to facilitate strategic development and feasibility studies. Identify market trends.
determine tunnel boring machine speed;Decide on the optimal speed for the tunnel boring machine, based on the type of material to be bored through and other environment variables.
manage veterinary practice waiting area;Manage the waiting area in a veterinary practice and ensure that both the clients and the animals needs are monitored and prioritised.
create a prevention security plan for the store;Design a security plan for the establishment, according to its specifications and security needs in order to prevent any shoplifting or other security threats.
perform defensive driving;"Drive defensively to maximise road safety and save time, money, and lives; anticipate he actions of other road users."
measure materials;Measure the raw materials prior to their loading in the mixer or in machines, ensuring they conform with the specifications.
design sensors;Design and develop different types of sensors according to specifications, such as vibration sensors, heat sensors, optical sensors, humidity sensors, and electric current sensors.
attach power cords to electric module;Attach the power cords to the electric module of electric clocks or watches.
fasten rubber goods;Fasten ferrules, buckles, straps, to rubber goods.
set up pile helmets or sleeves;Attach a helmet or sleeve to a pile, in order to protect the head of the pile from stresses and impact damage and to efficiently transfer the impact energy of the pile driver to the pile. Take care to not attach the helmet or sleeve too tightly, as this may cause damage. In case the helmet contains a replaceable plastic cushion, select and place the right cushion for the job.
communicate with tenants;Communicate in a positive and cooperative manner with the tenants of a property or part of a property, such as apartments and sections of commercial buildings, in order to facilitate efficient procedures in terms of rent and other contractual agreements as well as to ensure their satisfaction.
negotiate land acquisition;Negotiate with landowners, tenants, mineral rights owners or other stakeholders of land containing mineral reserves in order to buy or lease the land.
construction industry;The products, brands and suppliers active in the construction field.
inspect sport stadium;Inspect the stadium before, during and after the match.
pruning types;Different approached to pruning trees, such as thinning, removal, etc.
provide feedback on patients communication style;Provide feedback on, reflect, rephrase, and translate patients` communication.
prioritise youths psychiatric care needs;Evaluate and prioritise children`s and young people`s psychiatric care needs in the light of biological, psychological and social factors that lead to an increased risk of mental illness.
interpret electrical diagrams;"Read and comprehend blueprints and electrical diagrams; understand technical instructions and engineering manuals for assembling electrical equipment; understand electricity theory and electronic components."
geostationary satellites;"Know about geostationary satellites and how they function; moving in the same direction as rotation of the Earth. Understand how they are used for telecommunication and commercial purposes."
stand high temperatures;Stand high temperatures while keeping concentration and efficiency under demanding circumstances.
define prop materials;Decide what materials the props will be made from, and document the conclusions.
advise on humanitarian aid;Advise on policies, programs and methods that promote humanitarian action to save lives and ensure human dignity during and after humanitarian crises.
design electronic systems;Draft sketches and design electronic systems, products, and components using Computer Aided Design (CAD) software and equipment. Make a simulation so that an assessment can be made of the viability of the product and so the physical parameters can be examined before the actual building of the product.
urolithiasis in the urinary tract;The causes of stone formation in the urinary tract, the different types of stone composition and the treatment methods for urolithiasis and different methods for voiding the upper urinary tract in the case of obstruction.
set up broadcast equipment;Set up and calibrate broadcast equipment to produce, switch, receive, record, edit, and reproduce television and radio signals.
manage on-board water systems;Operate and maintain on-board water-cooled engineering systems.
manage cash transportation;Manage the appropriate and safe transportation of cash.
control production;Plan, coordinate, and direct all production activities to insure the goods are made on time, in correct order, of adequate quality and composition, starting from intake goods up to shipping.
play therapy;The therapy that uses play to communicate with and help children towards a better social integration, emotional development and trauma resolution.
data models;The techniques and existing systems used for structuring data elements and showing relationships between them, as well as methods for interpreting the data structures and relationships.
lasers;Devices that are able to produce light through the optical amplification of the stimulated emission of electromagnetic radiation, such as gas lasers, solid-state lasers, fiber lasers, photonic lasers and semiconductor lasers. The spatial and temporal coherence of lasers allows for the concentration of light in one place, such as laser pointers, as well as the concentration of light in time, so that light can be produced in a much shorter time than other light and can also emit as single colour of light.
theatre techniques;Understand techniques that facilitate a successful presentation of a play.
weigh varnish ingredients;Weigh ingredients, such as gums, so that they are according to specifications in order to prepare the varnish mixture.
teach translation techniques;Instruct students or future translators in the practice and theory of translation, and more specifically in topics such as text translation, text modulation, calque, and transposition.
types of carpet;Different types of carpet based on materials, production method, backing, fitting techniques, cost, durability, aesthetics and other criteria.
alumina ceramic;Aluminium oxide, also called alumina, is a ceramic material made of oxygen and aluminium which has many properties suitable for insulation purposes such as hardness, low electrical conductivity and insolubility in water.
use internet chat;Chat online using dedicated chat websites, messenger applications or social media websites.
maintain medical devices;Ensure all medical devices and appliances are properly stored and taken care of so they maintain their functionality and appearance.
devise special promotions;Plan and invent promotion activities to stimulate sales
drive waste collection vehicle;Drive a heavy truck which is equipped for waste collection services in a safe manner, compliant with road legislation and waste management legislation.
lay resilient flooring tiles;Lay resilient flooring tiles on a prepared surface. Align the tiles along straight lines. Remove any protective backing and paste the tiles onto the surface.
establish gaming policies;Establish rules and policies on issues such as the type of gambling offered and the odds, the extension of credit, or the serving of food and drinks.
media and information literacy;The ability to access media, to understand and critically evaluate different aspects of the media and media content and to create communications in a variety of contexts. It involves a range of cognitive, emotional, and social competencies that include the use of text, tools and technologies, the skills of critical thinking and analysis, the practice of messaging composition and creativity and the ability to engage in reflection and ethical thinking.
evaluate clinical outcomes of dental hygiene interventions;Evaluate the outcome of a dental hygiene intervention using indices, instruments, examination techniques, and feedback from the patient and others in order to improve patient health according to the directions and supervision of the dentist.
gem cutting forms;Gemstones can be cut into different shapes such as faceted stones, cablochons, spheres or beads. They can also be fit together with other precious stones or different materials as in the case of inlays or mosaics. Finally, they can be carved to produce intaglios or cameos.
cut pigs teeth;Cut or grind off part of a piglets teeth. Take adequate measures to protect hearing from loud vocalisations of piglet.
provide therapy of the visual system;Apply suitable orthoptic, pleoptic and optic treatment methods, using equipment such as lenses (`training glasses`), prisms, filters, patches, electronic targets, or balance boards, and suggest and implement adaptation options or possibilities for coping with everyday life, supervising in-office reinforcement exercises and instructing the patient to execute at-home exercises.
administer materials to tea bag machines;Administer materials needed for the production of tea bags such as tea feedings, bags, strings, tags, and chemical-free glues.
advise on bank account;Inform clients on the different types of bank accounts offered by the financial institution or commercial bank. Recommend or provide advice on the type of bank account that would be the most beneficial for the client.
manage dental emergencies;Handle dental emergencies which are diverse in their nature, such as infections, bacterial, fungal, and viral, fractured teeth, responding to each individual case with a treatment that is unique to the situation.
assume highest level of responsibility in inland water transportation;"Understand the responsibilities that accompany the position of skipper. Assume responsibility for the integrity of ships crew, cargo, and passengers; ensure that operations run as they should.  "
manage time in food processing operations;Assure a correct management of time and resources using appropriate planning methods.
student financial aid programmes;The different financial support services offered to students by the government, private organisations or the attended school such as tax benefits, loans or grants.
interpret pedigree charts;Construct and interpret diagrams that show the occurrence and appearance of a particular gene and its ancestors from one generation to the next.
perform software recovery testing;Execute testing using specialised software tools to force failure of software in a variety of ways and checking how fast and better the software can recover against any type of crash or failure.
astronomy;The field of science that studies the physics, chemistry, and evolution of celestial objects such as stars, comets, and moons. It also examines phenomena that happen outside Earths atmosphere such as solar storms, cosmic microwave background radiation, and gamma ray bursts.
use instruments for food measurement;Use various tools and instruments to evaluate and investigate food products such as thermometers, x-ray tools, microscopes, etc.
tend ball mill;Tend the ball mill by controlling it remotely in order to perform dried ingredients pulverisation.
understand spoken Norwegian;Comprehend orally expressed Norwegian.
cut filament;After the filament workpiece has been wound, cut the filament to release the workpiece.
procure time sheet approval;Get the time sheet approval of employees from the relevant supervisor or manager.
communicate with a non-scientific audience;Communicate about scientific findings to a non-scientific audience, including the general public. Tailor the communication of scientific concepts, debates, findings to the audience, using a variety of methods for different target groups, including visual presentations.
prepare soda-ash;Prepare the solution for soda-ash following the specified formula.
microchip scanners;"The different types of scanners available, their limitations, and how to prepare, use and maintain them; the environmental constraints of using a scanner, including what external factors can affect the reading of a microchip, e.g. metal collars, proximity to computer screens etc."
rope lashing;The process of attaching several objects, such as poles, together by use of rope, wire, or webbing often to secure or create a rigid structure, such as a self-fashioned table, tree house, or latrine. Types of lashing include square lashing, round lashing, and diagonal lashing.
create social alliances;Build cross-sector long-term relationships with stakeholders (from public, private or non-profit sector) to achieve common goals and address common societal challenges through their joint capabilities.
assess your competencies in leading community arts;Evaluate and communicate your skills in leading community activities, especially any other complementary experience that may be advantageous.
write Occitan;Compose written texts in ?Occitan.
arrange customs inspection;Contact customs in order to let them inspect the import or export goods. Make sure every shipment has the proper documentation and conform to legislation and regulations.
perform nutrition analysis;Determine and calculate the nutrients of food products from available sources including food labels.
communicate in English in a competent way;"Competent use of English; R351refers to level C1 in the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFR)."
analyse work-related written reports;Read and comprehend job-related reports, analyse the content of reports and apply findings to daily work operations.
surveillance methods;Surveillance methods used in the gathering of information and intelligence for investigation purposes.
remove old caulking;Use reaming iron and mallet to hammer old caulking from the seams of a boat.
keep company;Be with people to do stuff together, such as talking, playing games or having a drink.
clean patients ear canals;Clean patients` ear canals, avoiding damage to normal eardrum function.
anodising process;The various steps necessary in the process of forming an electrical circuits anode electrode in order to increase the density of the natural oxide layer on the surface of a metal workpiece hereby enhancing corrosion and wear. These steps include: pre-cleaning, masking and racking, degreasing and rinsing, etching and rinsing, deoxidising and rinsing, anodising and rinsing, sealing and drying, and inspection.
preserve samples;Preserve collected and labelled samples of raw materials and other food products. Preserve samples applying chemical or physical methods.
treat vehicle fabrics;recondition fabrics for vehicles, add preservation agents and apply revitalisers on various surfaces in vinyl or leather.
collect domestic waste;Collect non-hazardous waste from residential areas and homes in order to remove it from the area and transport it to a waste treatment and disposal facility.
perform energy simulations;Replicate the buildings energy performance by running computer based, mathematical models.
match vessels to shipping routes;Understand how particular types of ships are transport different kinds of cargo and operate on different shipping routes. Know the current maritime routes to plan and schedule the arrival and departure of ships from ports.
types of drill bits;Qualities and applications of various types of drill bits, such as core drill bits, spotting drill bits, countersink drill bits and others.
cable-propelled transit;Understand cable-propelled transit (CPT) and its underlying principles. Know that these are systems of engine-less vehicles propelled by a steel cable.
negotiate rights of use;Negotiate with the customers the precise terms at which the service will be sold.
Capture One;The computer program Capture One is a graphical ICT tool which enables digital editing and composition of graphics to generate both 2D raster or 2D vector graphics.
precious metal processing;Various processing methods on precious metals such as gold, silver and platinum.
control train movement;Control acceleration, braking, and overall operation of train in motion.
dependency on drugs;Dependency on substances such as alcohol, prescribed medication or cocaine and their impact on the brain and human body.
organise vehicle parts storage;Store parts of vehicles and trucks, including parts for large trucks or heavy equipment, in proper conditions.
set up reinforcing steel;Set up reinforcing steel, or rebar, to be used for reinforced concrete construction. Set mats and columns securely in place to prepare for concrete pouring. Use separator blocks called dobies to keep the construction from the ground.
model sensor;Model and simulate sensors, products using sensors, and sensor components using technical design software. This way the viability of the product can be assessed and the physical parameters can be examined before the actual building of the product.
Scala;The techniques and principles of software development, such as analysis, algorithms, coding, testing and compiling of programming paradigms in Scala.
operate forestry equipment;Operate various forest instruments such as skidders, bulldozers to pull scarification or site preparation equipment over forest areas to be regenerated.
test soil load bearing capacity;Test the capacity of the ground to support the load applied to it before installing heavy structures, such as tower cranes, or before driving on it with heavy vehicles.
buy new library items;Evaluate new library products and services, negotiate contracts, and place orders.
design clocks;Design and develop the artistic design of clocks and watches and its mechanisms and components.
remediate healthcare users occupational performance;Remediate or restore the cognitive, sensorimotor, or psychosocial components of the healthcare user`s occupational performance.
install transport equipment lighting;Install lighting elements in transport equipment according to blueprints and other technical plans.
natural language processing;The technologies which enable ICT devices to understand and interact with users through human language.
coordinate construction activities;Coordinate the activities of several construction workers or crews to make sure they do not interfere with each other and to ensure that the works are done in a timely manner. Keep up to date on the progress of the teams and update the schedule if called for.
position guardrails and toeboards;Attach guardrails and toeboards to the scaffolding standards at set heights and intervals to ensure the safety of the workers and prevent objects from falling. Secure the guardrails using couplers or wedges.
