AI -Consultant;Bovzo Infotech Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;3-6 Years;Not Specified;• Design and develop machine learning and data mining algorithms • Contribute to data mining techniques and applications using state-of-the-art methods • Hands on expertise in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Neural Networks, Human -Computer interaction, data science, applied mathematics and Computer Vision. • Development of end to end AI based product. • Discover, design, and develop analytical methods to support novel approaches of data and information processing • Develop innovative products, modules and solutions • Explore and examine data from multiple disparate sources and communicate the findings, orally and visually. • Develop and design algorithms and frameworks in terms of API to leverage this data. • Develop and integrate algorithms in Tensorflow and Caffe • Given a business problem, estimate solution feasibility and potential approaches based on available data • Ensure best practices for processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis and learning • Quickly prototype solutions and build models to test feasibility of solution approach • Work across the spectrum of reporting and data visualization, statistical modeling and supervised learning tools and techniques and apply the right level of solution to the right problem • Research deep learning approaches: Develop and integrate deep learning algorithms for transfer learning end-end Reinforcement learning for control.
Python Developer;Impact Infotech Private Limited;Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;2-4 Years;Not Specified;Must to have 2+ years of experience in Python Should have experience in Python Frameworks (Django / Flask) Should have experience in  Python APIs Should have experience in Computer Vision & Image Processing Should have experience in OCR / ICR (Tesseract) --  Must Have Good to have knowledge about OpenCV Good to have knowledge about  TensorFlow Good to have knowledge about  Machine Learning Good to have knowledge about  Deep Learning Add-ons technologies - Pytorch & MATLAB Libraries Add-ons technologies -  Golang
Data Scientist-Chennai;Hikaho System Private Limited;Chennai;3-8 Years;Not Specified;Profile: Data Scientist Location: Chennai Copmany Brief: Global specialty chemical company works proactively and collaboratively with its worldwide customers in pulp and paper, leather, and water treatment to deliver exceptional service and innovative specialty chemical solutions to help boost productivity, reduce risk, improve product quality, and provide a measurable return on investment. Company is in the middle of a digital transformation of its businesses and focused on building the capabilities and tools in support of this. Job Description  Looking for an experienced Data Scientist to lead the development of a Data Science program. You will work closely with comapny stakeholders to derive deep industry knowledge across paper, water, leather, and performance chemical industries. You will help develop a data strategy for the company including collection of the right data, creation of the data science project portfolio, partnering with external providers, and augmenting capabilities with additional internal hires. A large part of the job is communicating and developing relationship with key stakeholders and subject matter experts to tee up proofs of concept projects to demonstrate how data science can be used to solve old problems in unique and novel ways. Individual expertise, breadth of data science knowledge, and ability to partner with external companies will be essential for success. Will be working closely with a multi-disciplinary team consisting of sensor scientists, software engineers, network engineers, mechanical/electrical engineers, and chemical engineers in the development, and deployment of IoT solutions. Basic Qualifications : • Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field such as Data Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, or Computer Science • 4+ years of relevant working experience in an analytical role involving data extraction, analysis, and visualization and expertise in the following areas: o Expertise in one or more programming languages R, Python, MATLAB, JMP, Minitab, Java, C++, Scala o Key libraries such as Sklearn, XgBoost, GLMNet, Dplyr, ggplot, Rshiny o Experience and knowledge of data mining algorithms including supervised and unsupervised machine learning techniques areas such as Gradient Boosting, Decision Trees, Multivariate Regressions, Logistic regressions, Neural Network, Random Forest, Support Vector Machine, Naive Bayes, Time Series, Optimization o Microsoft IoT/data science toolkit: Azure Machine Learning, Datalake, Datalake analytics, Workbench, IoT Hub, Stream Analytics, CosmosDB, Time Series Insights, PowerBI o Data querying languages (e.g. SQL, Hadoop/Hive) and Preferred Qualifications • A demonstrated record of success with a verifiable portfolio of problems tackled Preferred qualifications : • Master’s or PhD degree in a quantitative field such as Data Science, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, Physics, Engineering, or Computer Science • Experience in the chemical sector or Process industry • Experience starting up a data science program • Experience working in a start-up environment, preferably in an IoT company • Knowledge in quantitative modeling tools and statistical analysis  Personality Traits  • A strong business focus, ownership and inner self-drive to data science solutions to real-world customers with gible impact. • Ability to collaborate effectively with multi-disciplinary and passionate team members. • Ability to communicate with a diverse set of stakeholders • Strong planning and organization skills, with the ability to manage multiple complex projects
Data Sciences Trainer and Analytics;Ashwattha Advisors Pvt Ltd;Mumbai;1-4 Years;550000-750000;The Youth Employability Program is expanding to encompass sector-specific training in response to industry demand for skilling youth in new age jobs in the domains of Data Analytics and Data Science. The program is envisaged to work with underprivileged youth from IT, Computer Science, and Math backgrounds to help them get jobs in the data analytics domain.  Program Specialists in Data Science and Analytics will have the following key responsibility areas – ? Deploy classroom and practical training aligned to industry requirements in Data Science and Analytics ? Managing program operations in assigned college centres ? Develop and maintain college relationships in assigned zones ? Ensure relevant student enrolment and engagement in training program with excellent quality standards ? Ensure successful and timely completion of all program activities in assigned college centres, including participation of all students in placement events This role calls for an motivated and passionate individual, interested to work in program implementation. ? Master’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, IT, or Statistics and well versed in the domain of Data Analytics and Data Science ? In-depth subject and practical knowledge of programming languages such as R (data sciences), Python (data sciences), Java, and C++ and database languages such as SQL and MYSQL ? Proficient knowledge in spreadsheet tools, data visualisation, predictive analytics, and machine learning algorithms ? Excellent quantitative analytical skills ? Interest and inclination for training and working with college students ? Ability to facilitate the in-house technical training curriculum in classrooms and deliver the quantitative modules to students ? Demonstrated excellence in prior work/internships ? Ability to work in a diverse team and under pressure ? Excellent written and oral communication skills ? Open to travelling to different college centres within the city  www.technoserve.org - Apply to [HIDDEN TEXT] or [HIDDEN TEXT]
Data Engineer Role;Machintel Systems Private Limited;Pune;4-6 Years;300000-800000;3+ years experience with ETL, data processing and data analytics. Extensive background in data mining and statistical analysis. Able to understand various data structures and common methods in data transformation. Excellent pattern recognition and predictive modelling skills. Experience with programming languages such as Java/Python a plus. Data Warehousing. Data Pre-Processing. Specialised Data Handling. Develop data models and algorithms best suited to a particular scenario. Keep up-to-date with latest technology trends. Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers. Optimize joint development efforts through appropriate database use and project design.
Senior Data Scientist -Predictive modelling;Peopleplus Professional Services Pvt Ltd;Bengaluru / Bangalore;3-6 Years;3000000-4000000;Senior Data Scientist  Location : Bangalore 4-7 yrs Our client is interested to look at  candidates who are currently working in US and willing to relocate to Bangalore. The person joining shall be responsible for performing data analysis focusing on areas of Product Quality and usage. Also, at the same time leverage their Machine learning skills to help the rest of the data analysts perform deeper analysis. In your role as data scientist you will: 1. Lead discovery process with Stake holders to identify problems and expected outcomes 2.  Work with Engineering/Product management with Product Analytics 3. Collaborate with subject matter experts to determine relevant data sources 4. Build statistical/machine learning models to extract insights 5. Communicate the insights/recommendations to a wide spectrum of stake holders 6. Act as a mentor to guide/train less experienced folks Desired Skills and experience: 1. B.E/Masters in Computer science/Statistics or equivalent  2. At least 3 years of experience in predictive modelling, strong knowledge of deep learning and other machine learning algorithms.  3. Strong in R , Python (numpy, scipy etc)  4. Very strong SQL and data visualization  5. Exposure to Big Data platforms such as Spark, Mahout, Scala, AWS machine learning is a plus 6. Great communications skills
Data Scientist - with a promising US based Product (IoT) Start-Up in Bopodi Pune.;Seventh Contact Hiring Solutions;Pune;5-10 Years;Not Specified;Position- Data Scientist  Years of Experience – 6+ Years Qualifications – Bachelors BE/B Tech / ME / M Tech - IT/Computer Science Job Location - Bopodi, Pune Job Description: As a Data Scientist, heres what you will be doing  • Work with other data scientists, engineers to build software infrastructure and algorithms for analytics and machine learning at the edge. • Develop seamless interactions between edge machine learning modules and cloud-based learning systems. (Think: Can a ML model automatically convert into an actionable service that runs at the edge?) • Interact with customer’s data scientists, field engineers and recommend optimal solution for their requirements. All the insights you gather with customer interaction will provide feedback into the vision of the product.  Job Specifications (Skill and Knowledge required): • Experience in building large scale, distributed, low-latency high machine learning infrastructure/software/tools/ algorithms for real-time analysis of streaming • Hands-on experience with software development in Python, Java, C++ or related languages. • Should have hands on experience in various Machine learning algorithms. • Should have deploy at least 3-4 models in production. • Knowledge of machine learning and data science techniques such as supervised learning, unsupervised learning. • Some familiarity with machine learning tools like R, Matlab etc. • Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. • Familiarity with machine learning model interchange formats such as PMML is a plus. • Experience with distributed neural networks is a plus. • Experience with Python frameworks like scikit-learn, scipy, numpy. • BE / B Tech / ME / MTech in Computer science or equivalent. • Strong communication skills
AI/ML Manager (Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning);Careator Technologies Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;5-15 Years;Not Specified;"Specific responsibilities: • Review and analyze client and external data sets. • Deploy and integrate Clients solutions in clients’ environments. • Establish and implement the risk frameworks including design variables and scorecards, model validation etc. • Design, build and implement Data Manipulation environments for internal and external purposes • Rapid identification of R&D opportunities and model improvement. • Research new non-traditional sources of data to include in the Client platform.  Required Qualifications: • Advanced degrees in Applied Math, Statistics, Engineering or equivalent • 8 to 12 years of hands on job experience with statistical modeling and coding • Strong programming skills which allow you to mentor Engineers. • Experience with statistical techniques and tools in python. • Good communication skills; prefer candidates who have experience of presenting technical concepts and results to risk and business teams. • Plays well with others; able to listen to, appreciate, and effectively critique peers’ opinions. Preferred Qualifications: • Exposure to the product offerings in the Lending, Banking and Financial Services Domains and the applicability of AI/ML fundamentals as a competitive offering is likely to be a solid advantage. • Proven experience in Data manipulation. Database skills in any major database language. • Deep fundamental understanding in the technical aspects, monitoring and evaluation techniques, and the challenges associated with the Banking/Lending Environments. • Demonstrated interest in machine learning and other non-traditional techniques for model construction, and able to leverage and work with skills of highly experienced Engineers. • Experience in a wide range of numerical and statistical modeling, including pattern recognition, machine learning, and NLP. • Experience (or keen desire for experience) in a small, fast-moving, high-growth company. • Knowledge in R is a plus. MODELLING/DATA SCIENCE • Review, clean, prepare and analyze internal and external datasets. • Design, build and implement data manipulation environments for internal and external purposes. • Design, build, analyze and select features through data manipulation. • Build/train, ensemble, evaluate, select and implement risk models and scorecards/ frameworks. • Monitor model performance. • Constantly improve model building and monitoring frameworks. • Deploy and integrate Client solutions in internal and clients’ environments. • Rapid identification of R&D opportunities. • Research new non-traditional sources of data to include in the Client platform."
RPA Developer for Silicon Valley based leading IT company in Shivaji Nagar Pune;Seventh Contact Hiring Solutions;Pune;1-3 Years;Not Specified;Role and Responsibilities – Develop automation processes and configures them as per client’s requirements. Develop new processes, tasks and objects using core workflow principles. Adhere to high design and coding standards, policies and procedures. Documentation, performing unit testing and collaborating with test teams during the Product test and UAT phases. Willing to learn and getting certified in relevant RPA Technologies Job Specifications (Skill and Knowledge required) - Experience with one or more RPA technologies (Automation Anywhere, Blue Prism, UI Path) 1 - 3 years of experience in programming languages like Python, Java, DOTNET, Machine Learning, SQL and relational databases Ability to build the RPA project using various RPA tools (preferably Automation Anywhere) Experience of understanding RPA requirements and converting those into BOTs along with necessary technical & user documentation • Strong Problem-Solving and Analytical Skills Desired Knowledge of complete Technical architecture for RPA projects • Working knowledge of Automation Anywhere.
Machine Learning Developer / Data Scientist;Arocom IT Solutions Private Limited;Ahmedabad, Other India;2-5 Years;800000-1400000;Job Description: • Translating system requirements into the design and development of customized systems in an agile environment • Transform vital business needs into code and drive innovation • Collaborating and integrating code into enterprise systems • Creative problem solving skills and superb communication Skill • Attitude to achieve the goals with complete ownership and hard work Technical Skills: Must Have: • 2+ Years of experience in specific activities involving Machine Learning or Data Science • Strong experience in Python3 and Python2 • Experience on AWS SageMaker is a must. Additional benefit if experienced on Google cloud • Versatile with technology and willing to learn new technology related to AI / Data Science • Experience on Spark / Hadoop will be added benefit • Experience in Unit Testing • Understanding of APIs • Knowledge / Experience in other AWS components like S3, EC2, EMR Beneficial: • Experience / Knowledge of R • Strong Communication skills • Independent worker • Any certification will be added advantage A day in this role: • Co-ordinating with the team on individual responsibilities and road-blocks • Perform design, development and testing on individual tasks • Managing initiatives on Data Science / Machine Learning work • Demonstration of completed work • Transparently share the challenges  Project Description: This requirement is related to a project creating AWS Sagemaker infrastructure and execution of various scripts in Python/R to achieve ML goals. This project also involves working with global data scientists from big pharmaceutical companies and data scientists from top universities to develop novel therapies for brain disorders like MDD, Alzheimer’s and Autism. Candidate will be responsible for setting up SageMaker environments and working closely with Data science to create scripts as per specifications. Candidate will work independently on his/her responsibilities.
MIS and Analytics Lead;Hyper Think Systems Private Limited;Qatar;6-15 Years;Not Specified;Dear Candidate, Greetings from HyperThink Systems! We have an urgent requirement for MIS and Analytics Lead for one of our leading client in Doha, Qatar. Let me know your interest. Job Description: More than 10 Years of experience in SAP BI projects. Expert in SAP BI solutions covering all technical and functional areas for more than 10 years with knowledge of different modules of SAP and Banking industry Experience. Skill Set:Experience managing teams and full cycle projects (requirements, blueprint, development, deployment and Support) for all the specialties commented. Experience with Data Governance, Data Quality, Data Lineage, and Enterprise Data Warehousing concepts and implementation. Experience in SAP DataHub: - SAP Data Hub Modeler - Self Service Data Prep - SAP Data Hub Cockpit. - Data Discovery and Governance. - Data Pipelines & Orchestration. - Data Ingestion & on-boarding. Experience in SAP Hana Tools: - Native modelling & Development. - Administration. - SAP Vora. Experience in Business Objects and Dash-Boarding Tools: - SAP Lumira. - SAP Business Objects: Reporting and Dash-boarding with different tools (Webi, Desing  Studio, Analysis for Office and BO Explorer). - SAP Digital Board Room. Experience in SAP Cloud Technologies: - SAP SCP (SAP Cloud Platform). - SAP Analytics Cloud (SAC). Experience in Machine Learning tools: - SAP Data Intelligence. - SAP Predictive Analytics: SAP Predictive Analysis, Infinite Insight, Hana PAL and R. Experience in ETL: - ETL: Data provisioning with SAP LT, SAP BO Data services. Experience in Big Data: - Hadoop. - Spark. -GreenPlum.  So, interested candidate can share your updated CV to [HIDDEN TEXT] ASAP. Please provide below basic information & UPDATED MS WORD RESUME Name: Contact Information: Mobile- Landline- Mail Id: Skype ID: Current Salary: Expected Salary: Notice Period: Total Exp: Relevant Exp: Middle-East Experience: Personal questions 1. Marital Status – 2. Kids- Yes / NO 3. Working Status of Wife – 4. Ready to relocate – Yes/No 5. Middle East Exp (Which countries and companies): 6. Valid Passport (Passport No and expiry date of passport): 7. NOC if he had returned back from (Qatar ,Saudi Arabia, UAE and Oman): 8. Visa Status: 9. Why do u want to change from your current role/Location 10. Kindly confirm if you can join in a notice of 30 days on confirmation, as the process for shortlist and interview will be immediate. 11. Once the profile shared to the client there is not backing out, Please be very sure on applying for this position/role/location/opportunity. Have you been interviewed for Doha, Qatar any time before, If yes please share the details – Client/Day or Month Have you been approached for any opportunity in Doha, Qatar in the last two (2) Months. Please let me know for any clarification or additional information required from my side. Look forward to your quick reply! Thanks & Regards, Jessica J
Data Scientist;Convate Consultancy Services Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;9-13 Years;Not Specified;Job location: Bangalore Only Must Have 3 to 5 years of experience post Ph.D. Role: Data Scientist Manager Experience: 9 to 13years only Role Summary • Translate business objectives into analytic approaches, and identify data sources to support analysis. • Analyze and model structured data using advanced statistical methods • Perform exploratory data analyses, generate and test working hypotheses, prepare and analyze historical data and identify patterns. • Analyze data using SAS, R, Python, Java, open source packages and commercial/enterprise applications. • Perform machine learning, Text analytics, and statistical analysis methods, such as classification, collaborative filtering, association rules, sentiment analysis, topic modeling, time-series analysis, regression, statistical inference, and validation methods. • Implement algorithms and software needed to perform analyses • Drive client engagements focused on Big Data and Advanced Business Analytics, in diverse domains such as product development, marketing research, public policy, optimization, and risk management. • Interface with databases (SQL, NO SQL, HDFS) to extract, transform and load data • Communicate results and educate others through reports and presentations. If interested please revert back to me with your updated cv to [HIDDEN TEXT], kindly refer any of your friends or colleagues relevant and interested with the opportunity shared Please fill the below details while sharing the profile. Total Yrs of Exp: Relevant EXP: Current Company: Education: CTC: EXP: Notice period: If interested please revert back to [HIDDEN TEXT]/ Please do refer any of your friends / Colleagues if relevant and interested. Please send us your confirmation on Whatsapp/ Call: 91-80-40609654 Kindly refer your friends/colleagues for this Job Opportunity. Look forward to hearing from you. 
MIS and Analytics Architect;Hyper Think Systems Private Limited;Qatar;6-15 Years;Not Specified;Dear Candidate, Greetings from HyperThink Systems! We have an urgent requirement for MIS and Analytics Architect for one of our leading client in Doha, Qatar. Let me know your interest. Job Description: More than 5 Years of experience in SAP BI projects. Expert in SAP BI solutions covering all technical and functional areas for more than 10 years with knowledge of different modules of SAP and Banking industry Experience.  Skill set:Experience working with teams during full cycle projects (requirements, blueprint, development, deployment and Support) for all the specialties commented. Experience with Data Governance, Data Quality, Data Lineage, and Enterprise Data Warehousing concepts and implementation. Experience in SAP Data-Hub: Experience in SAP Hana Tools: - Native modelling & Development. - Administration. - SAP Vora. Experience in Business Objects and Dash-Boarding Tools: - SAP Lumira. - SAP Business Objects: Reporting and Dash-boarding with different tools (Webi, Desing  Studio, Analysis for Office and BO Explorer). - SAP Digital Board Room. Experience in SAP Cloud Technologies: - SAP SCP (SAP Cloud Platform). - SAP Analytics Cloud (SAC). Experience in Machine Learning tools: - SAP Data Intelligence. - SAP Predictive Analytics: SAP Predictive Analysis, Infinite Insight, Hana PAL and R. Experience in ETL: - ETL: Data provisioning with SAP LT, SAP BO Data services. Experience in Big Data Technologies: - Hadoop. - Spark. -GreenPlum.
AI & ML Lead;WNS Global Services Private Limited;Pune;6-10 Years;Not Specified;• Experience in managing a team of developers • Understanding business objectives and developing models that help to achieve them, along with metrics to track their progress • Managing available resources such as hardware, data, and personnel so that deadlines are met • Analyzing the ML algorithms that could be used to solve a given problem and ranking them by their success probability • Exploring and visualizing data to gain an understanding of it, then identifying differences in data distribution that could affect performance when deploying the model in the real world • Verifying data quality, and/or ensuring it via data cleaning • Supervising the data acquisition process if more data is needed • Finding available datasets online that could be used for training • Defining validation strategies • Defining the preprocessing or feature engineering to be done on a given dataset • Defining data augmentation pipelines • Training models and tuning their hyperparameters • Analyzing the errors of the model and designing strategies to overcome them • Deploying models to production
Business Analyst;Amal Infosystems Private Limited;Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;3-8 Years;440000-1310000;"Job Description: • Should love creating scalable solutions involving large amounts of data for complex analytical problems. • Knowledge of Data science with experience in the financial domain, specifically in the equity research space would be preferred. • Exposure to RDBMS and ability to write optimized queries is a must. • Should have a good grasp of technology; actual hands-on experience in a technology is a plus. • BE / B.Tech and MBA from premier institutes with a first class academic track record."
Excellent opportunity for Digital Practice Head (JAVA / DOTNET / FullStack) with an MNC @ Hyderabad;Convate Consultancy Services Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;14-18 Years;Not Specified;We have an excellent opportunity for Senior Tech professionals for Digital Practice Unit with an MNC @ Hyderabad that might suit your profile. Total Experience required: 14-18 yrs Kindly find below the requirement description for your reference: The associate would be a Director-Digital Practice Head for Digital-Transformation Projects. Responsibilities • Collaborate with team to coordinate delivery of software application • Interact with Business Partners ,Designs, Enhances, helps develop, debug, support, maintain and test software applications that support business units or supporting functions. • Engage closely with business partners and application users across the globe. • Have a good understanding of domain to implement best in class solutions. • Manage stakeholder expectations across regions Mandatory Skills :- • Java/DOTNET/Full Stack Development Background • Must Have handled Digital Transformation Projects , • Must have had a consulting experience • Experience in RPA Digital Transformation, played a strategic role • Experience of Handling 150-220+ professionals , Has been a speaker in industry leading forums, tech forums Kindly revert at the earliest with following details if interested: • Total Experience : • Experience in Java / DOTNet / Fullstack (Mention the technology along with exp): • Experience as a digital Practice lead / head :  
Senior Engineer – Machine Learning;Affirmed Networks India Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;5-10 Years;Not Specified;Responsibilities:  We are looking for Data Engineer who will help us discover the information hidden in vast amounts of data and help us make smarter decisions to deliver even better products. Your primary focus will be in applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis and building high quality prediction systems integrated with our products. We handle Anomaly detection and root cause analysis via single interface by taking multiple data source as input. Requirements:  The ideal candidate will have 5+ years of experience in software development Experience in Time Series analysis (ARIMA, FB PROPHET), Regression, classification, clustering and NLP techniques for anomaly detection Fluency in Python and proficiency in SQL Frameworks – Numpy, Scikit-learn, Pandas, Celery, PySpark, ELK stack for log processing Experience with workflow scheduling tools like Airflow will be a big plus Ability to program / build rules engine for automation Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner Good to have understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as kNN, elliptical envelope, Decision Forests Willing to learn new skills and technologies  Education:  Candidate should have a minimum of Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering. MS preferred Send your resume to [HIDDEN TEXT] for consideration
Apache Spark & Scala;Acmeture Global Consulting Services;Mumbai;4-5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description :-?Programming skills in Scala ?Understanding of Scala-Akka Actor system and the Play framework ?Hands on experience (coding) in developing solutions on Hadoop, HDFS and Spark ?Expertise in writing data transformation pipelines – ETLs ?Deep understanding of distributed systems (e.g. partitioning, replication, consistency) ?Apache Spark RDD API, Apache Spark SQL DataFrame API ?Experience with Git / Github for source control management ?Expertise in SQL and hands on experience of at least one RDBMS – MySQL, PostgreSQL ?Understanding working in Linux/Unix environment ?Understanding of Spring, Spring Boot and Core Java technologies ?Exposure to Docker and container-based development ?Experience with modern development patterns like microservices and serverless
Senior Python Developer;Pactera Technologies India Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;5-10 Years;Not Specified;Skills ::  Senior Python Developer with AI / ML Strong experience in Python frameworks, Class-based object-oriented programming, Version control: GIT/TFS Shell Scripting knowledge , Web Technologies: WEB API, REST , SAP HANA , Microsoft Team Foundation Server (VSTF) , Manage complex interfaces AI/ML, Big data and cloud processing experience , Angular/Kendo-based Frameworks , AZURE Web Apps, App Services, Service, Azure DevOps Job Description: Senior Python Developer to build functional and efficient server-side and cloud-based applications leading in all phases of the software development lifecycle and coaching other developers. Your goal is to create high-quality products that amaze customerDesign, build and configure applications to meet business process and application requirements. Solid experience as Python Developer with experience in Python frameworks (e.g. Django, Flask, Bottle) Experience building/support APIs. AI/ML, Big data and cloud processing experience Integrate front-end components and collaborate with UX/UI designers to implement design into the code. Knowledge of JavaScript and the AngularJS framework is a Plus. Understanding of databases and SQL. A good foundation and proficiency in AZURE Web Apps, App Services, Service Fabric, Cloud Service, Service Bus and Azure Storage is a Plus. Possess excellent problem-solving skills and be detail-oriented and performance-driven. Provides accurate time estimations on tasks outlining the level of effort required for various projects.  Key Responsibilities:  Develop/modify all frontend developments in Angular/Kendo-based Frameworks Expert Hands on Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) and Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) Technical Skills: Help design and implement functional requirements Version control: Azure DevOps, GIT, Microsoft Team Foundation Server (VSTF) BSc in Computer Science, Engineering or relevant field. Related Advanced degree a Plus. Innovative mind-set and a quick learner on new technologies Programming Languages: Csharp, Javascript (ECMA Script), Typescript, HTML, XML, XAML a Plus Databases: MS SQL- SERVER, No-SQL, Cosmos DB, SAP HANA a Plus Web Technologies: WEB API, REST, Web Services, WCF, ASPDOTNet, ADODOTNet, OData, WPF, Entity Framework, LINQ, AJAX, JQuery, Node JS, React, Redux, Bootstrap, Knockout, Kendo, CSS a Plus Cloud Technologies: Web App, App Services, Web Jobs, Mobile Apps, API Apps, Logic Apps, Azure Functions, Azure Service Fabric, Azure Cloud Services, Azure Service Bus a Plus
Data Analytics;Infochola Solutions India Private Limited;Chennai;3-5 Years;Not Specified;JOB RESPONSIBILITY  Design, develop, document, and test Business Intelligence solutions using industry standard tools.  Provide periodic updates to Analytical tools, Bug fixes and Maintenance of Dashboards, visualizations, templates etc.  Develop R Programming, Python programming as per business needs. Collect customer feedback and Develop case stories, Maintain Best Practice  Facilitate requirements gathering sessions with business and technical stakeholders to distill data and reporting requirements from business requests.  Coordinate design and development efforts with client stakeholders to ensure the solution delivered meets the business need and is consistent with approved architectural standards.  Performance tuning to ensure a responsive solution.  Performs advanced data mining & analytics on all productivity and reliability data to identify opportunities to further improve waste elimination and improve how work is performed.  Leads or participates in efforts to define additional productivity data needed to identify & eliminate waste and in the subsequent efforts to develop and improve electronic tools and systems for the said purpose  Develops processes to utilize other data sources to validate & improve planning standards  Develops management reports on productivity based on advanced data mining & analytics  Analyse data utilizing a varied set of analytical tools (Statistical, Business Intelligence reporting tools, SQL, spreadsheets, etc.)  Create and deliver presentations and reports to clients on insights derived from the analysis  Manage the tools and processes around the creation of enriched data for our clients  Participate in a range of client engagement types including sales support, proof of concepts & pilots, standard SaaS engagements and one-off consulting projects  Work closely with Full Contact s Data and Engineering teams to deliver on client needs JOB SKILLS Experience with Marketing & CRM analytics, tools, and strategies in a B2C context  Experience working with Business Intelligence tools  Experience with Machine Learning & Modelling Techniques (Random Forest etc.)  Customer service, CRM, Analytics, Data analysis, SQL, Consulting  Very good experience in Python / R, SQL or on related machine learning technologies  Have at least 2 years hands-on experience developing, implementing and maintain production ML Applications  Strong background on statistics and data analysis
Job Opening for Principal Data Scientist;Team Ace HR LLP;Mumbai City;14-20 Years;Not Specified;Job Description :- An opportunity in a leading MNC. Position - Principal Data Scientist Location - Mumbai (Jogeshwari) Work Experience - 14 to 20 years Notice Period - Immediate candidates preferred Key Educational Qualification: Master’s / bachelor’s degree in Statistics, Machine Learning, Mathematics, Computer Science or any other related quantitative field. An equivalent of the same in working experience is also acceptable for the position. Experience: Minimum of 15 years of overall experience with 5+ years of relevant experience along with established leadership credentials across disciplines and functions within a data science environment, OR Masters degree with 10 years of relevant experience, preferably working as a Senior Data Scientist. Industry - Software Development / Data Science Research / IIoT Key skill requirement (Mandatory) :  The candidate must have had substantial experience working on strategy or full-life cycle data science as well as experience working with data mining tools such as SAS, Python, SPSS, and R. Experience in data mining and predictive modeling inclusive of linear and non-Linear regression, logistic regression, and time series analysis models. Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as kNN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc. for use in Predictive Analytics. Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Python, PySpark, NumPy, MATLAB etc Excellence in at least one of these is highly desirable. Experience with data visualization tools, such as D3.js, GGplot, Tableau, Microsoft BI, etc. Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Postgre SQL, Hive, etc Experience with NoSQL databases, such as MongoDB, Cassandra, HBase. Experience with Big Data Technology – HADOOP / Spark Good scripting and programming skills in Python Experience with ThingWorx Analytics Server will be an added advantage. Working knowledge of Natural Language Processing (NLP) Interested Candidates may apply with updated / latest Resume, Total Experience, Current CTC, Expected CTC, Notice Period.
Data Analyst/data Modeler;Gspann Technologies Inc;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;5-10 Years;Not Specified;Data Analyst/data Modeler We are looking for a passionate Data Analyst/Data Modeler to build, optimize and maintain conceptual and logical/Physical database models. The Candidate will turn data into information, information into insight and insight into business decisions. Responsibilities:  1. Be responsible for gathering requirements from the business team and translate to technical requirements. 2. Should be able to drive the projects and provide guidance wherever needed. 2. Work with business and application/solution teams to implement data strategies, build data flows, and develop conceptual/logical/physical data models 3. The candidate must be able to work independently and collaboratively. 4. Work with management to prioritize business and information needs Requirements:  1. Bachelors or masters degree in computer/data science technical or related experience. 2 5+ years of hands-on relational, dimensional, and/or analytic experience (using RDBMS, dimensional, NoSQL/Big data platform technologies, and ETL and data ingestion protocols). 3. Proven working experience as a data analyst/data modeler or a similar role 4. Technical expertise regarding designing the data models, database design and data analysis. 5. Prior experience involving in migration of data from legacy systems to new solutions 6. Good knowledge of metadata management, data modeling, and related tools (Erwin or ER Studio or others) required. 7. Experience gathering and analyzing system/business requirements and provide mapping documents for technical teams. 8. Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy 9. Hands on experience with SQL 10. Problem-solving attitude
NLP Analyst;BSRI Solutions Private Limited OPC;Chennai;3-5 Years;Not Specified;NLP Analyst Experience : 3-5 years Location: Chennai  Job Description: Experience (preferably hands-on) in applying machine learning, natural language processing, data mining, and text mining techniques to build analytics prototypes that work on massive datasets. Candidate should have experience in manipulating both structured and unstructured data in various formats, s, and storage-mechanisms. Candidates should have excellent problem solving skills with an inquisitive mind to challenge existing practices. Candidates should have exposure to multiple programming languages and analytical tools and be flexible to using the requisite tools/languages for the problem at-hand. Proficiency in Python is mandatory. Preferred - Developing NLP models to process text in different languages (German, Chinese, Spanish, Portuguese and more)
Data Scientist;Feasible Technologies Private Limited;Pune;4-6 Years;Not Specified;Position : Data Scientist Location: Pune Experience : 4-6 years Package upto 12LPA Business Analyst(Tech) – Job Description  The below are the key skills and the Ideal Candidate for hire would be one who has done projects on facial recognition. Good knowledge on deep learning concept and extensive knowledge on Open CV,Computer vision,Kaggle,Tensor Flow. Background: join a startup doing work around safety, security, efficiency in the manufacturing and retail domain. Build innovative workflows on top of existing IOT and AI platforms to solve pressing business issues and deliver tangible results. Share in the excitement of building applications and workflows that have never been done before, and get the satisfaction of seeing immediate results Description: Understand business requirements and tie them with what can be solved using currently available tools, techniques and technologies. Design, build, test, document and deploy applications to meet the business and application requirements. Must Have Skills: Machine learning, Computer Vision, Python, TensorFlow. Excellent written and verbal skills. Linux, Docker. Building, deploying applications on the cloud – AWS, GCP, Azure Good to have: knowledge of working with single board computers/edge devices like Rasperry Pi, Asus Tinkerboard, Google Coral. Knowledge of working with various types of cameras and image processing applications Job Requirements: 1. Use various techniques for acquiring, processing, analysing & understanding digital images 2. Evaluate various platforms and models, and build/test applications related to image video processing that perform functions such as object identification & classification for specific needs 3. Review, test, document and integrate all application workflows so that they meet all functional, security, integration, performance, quality requirements 4. Retrain existing models with new data to deliver higher accuracy 5. Support and troubleshoot existing deployments
Sr Consultant - RAS Analytics;Avenues Consulting;Gurgaon / Gurugram;5-10 Years;Not Specified;Technical Skills - ? 5+ Years of experience in Data Science field in strategy and execution , developing solutions from scratch ? Demonstrated passion for AI competing in sponsored challenges like Kaggle ? Experience in ? Python R and SQL ? Big Data Platform Hive , Spark, GPU Clusters for Deep learning ? Classical machine learning alog like Logistic, Decision tree, Clustering (K means, Hierarchical) , Bayesian model, ARIMA / ARIMAX, Collaborative filters ? Deep learning algo – Random Forecast, GBM, KNN, SVM ? Text mining techniques ? Neural network CNN, LSTM ? Optimization technique – activity regulization, entropy ? NLP, speech and image processing ? Production systems like Tensor flow, Kera, PyTorch, and theono is a plus
Senior Software Engineers - Gurgaon - (Job Id:3476);JSD Search House Private Limited;Gurgaon / Gurugram;2-5 Years;700000-2000000;"Ability to brainstorm and come up with solutions to open-ended problems. Ability to take ownership and drive initiatives end to end. Desire to learn and dive deep into new technologies on the job, especially around modern data storage and streaming open source systems(Cassandra, Kafka, Spark, Elastic) and machine learning/deep learning (CNNs, scikit learn, Conventional Machine Learning techniques) Experience building high throughput/low latency systems. Solid understanding of CS fundamentals - Operating Systems, Databases and Data Structures. Proficient in at least one or more programming languages including but not limited to Java, Python, or C++. SKILLS: Knowledge of Big Data Systems (Cassandra, Elastic, Kafka, Kubernetes, Docker), Distributed Systems, High Performance (throughput and latency) middle wares, Android, iOS, Machine Learning, and Deep Learning. Self-starter with independent decision-making capability 2-5 years of work experience; B.Tech degree preferable PERKS AND BENEFITS: Industry competitive based on fit and experience A highly self-driven, feedback oriented, motivated work environment INR 2 lakh coverage on medical insurance for employee, spouse, and children  Qualifications: B.E / B.Tech in CS / IT from Premier institutes like IIT, IIIT, NIST, NIT, MNIT, IP University, BITS, DTU, Thapar, PEC, Jaypee  Subject/Job Id : Senior Software Engineers - Gurgaon - (Job Id:3476) How to Apply?  Email your resume with Subject Line: Senior Software Engineers - Gurgaon - (Job Id:3476) to : jobs at thesearchhouse dot com, Then you call on Priya/9899119145"
Data Science Freshers.;Quality Thought Infosystems (India) Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;;Not Specified;Expert knowledge and deep experience of the tools R, Python, big-data & cloud are essential for the role and with skills to: Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions. Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes. Develop company A/B testing framework and test model quality. Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes. Strong problem-solving skills with an emphasis on product development. Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (regression, properties of distributions, clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc and their real-world advantages/drawbacks. Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams. A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques. Experience with distributed data/computing tools: Spark, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, MySQL, etc. Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using: Tableau or PowerBI
Sr. Engineer Graphic server and Data Science;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Mumbai;6-8 Years;660000-1440000;Sr. Engineer – Graphics Server and Data Science and experience required would be 6+ Years.  Requirement: • Setup experience of GPU-accelerated libraries (CUDA, cuBLAS, cuSparse, NCCL, nvGraph) • Experience with installing, debugging, and executing open source software frameworks in a Linux environment having focus of GPUs and machine learning • Ability to develop Linux / BASH shell scripts, Scheduler scripts, Cron jobs, Perl and Python packages to support testing and deployment activities in different environments • Must be familiar with common parallelization issues and technique • Work with the development teams to triage and root cause firmware issues Please contact R. ChandraShekar @ 9533601953
Hiring for Computer Vision / Deep Learning / NLP;Raising Global Solutions;Delhi;2-3 Years;Not Specified;Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as kNN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, Neural Networks, etc.  Experience with common data science toolkits, such as NumPy, sklearn, TensorFlow, Pandas, Matplotlib, Pickle, Keras, etc is highly desirable.  Perform statistical analysis, data mining, temporal and pattern analysis, correlation of events, predictive modeling, and pattern recognition for various use cases.  Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.  Should have a thorough knowledge of statistics and probability (knowledge of calculus and linear algebra would be a plus).  Experience with data visualization tools, such as D3.js, GGplot, etc.  Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL  Good scripting and programming skills using Python.  Ability to adapt and learn quickly  Provide informational briefings to explain methodologies and analytical findings to peers and customer stakeholders.  Investigate and implement new scientific analysis and methodologies to support big data analytics efforts.  Experience with one or more of the following frameworks: Pytorch, Caffe, TensorFlow, and Theano is a plus.
Data Scientist/ Data Engineer Position with a TOP MNC Company in Bangalore;Intellicraft Consulting And Technologies;Bengaluru / Bangalore;2-8 Years;Not Specified;We are looking for Data Engineer for a TOP MNC Company in Bangalore Experience: 2 - 8 Years Position: Permanent Work Location: Bangalore Interview Date: Weekdays Interview Mode: Face to Face Interview Time: 11:00 AM - 5:00 PM  Job Description: ? Python, Pandas, Numpy with statistic and data science background.(Primary Skill). ? Should have worked on Big Data /Machine Learning Platform.(Secondary Skill). ? Should have experience in UNIX/LINUX Operating System. ? Should be flexible to work in shell scripting. IF you are interested apply with below details, Total Experience: Current CTC: Expected CTC: Notice Period: Are you available on Weekdays for Face to Face Interview:
Machine Learning Developer / Machine Learning;Talasila We 4 IT Services Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;6-12 Years;Not Specified;Job Description:  Roles and Responsibilities  1) Responsible for building production class deep learning models applied to computer vision problems 2) Design and development of end-to-end machine learning pipeline including data extraction, automated labeling, training of deep learning model and deployment 3) Build efficient, testable, and reusable modules 4) Contribute in the overall ML cycle – guiding the data curation team and training the models 5) Troubleshoot, test and maintain the core product software to ensure strong optimization and functionality 6) Solve complex computer vision challenges and performance problems 7) Use the right statistical measures and assess model’s performance   Skills Required  1) 6+ years of overall experience with at least 3+ years of hands-on experience in Computer Vision 2) Extensive experience in image processing techniques using OpenCV 3) Deep hands-on experience in Darknet and TensorFlow 4) Proficient in Python 5) Experience in GPU acceleration and Awareness of latest research/advances in the Computer Vision field and ability to apply them 6) Experience working in Linux environment 7) Good knowledge of statistics relevant to Deep Learning and ability to assess model performance 8) Experience in CUDA programming, PyTorch, Caffe, MATLAB, C/C++/Java desirable  Qualification :B.Tech/M.Tech Experience  As mentioned above. Persons with lesser experience may be considered for developer role.
Product application engineer;Koral Human Resource Consultants;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;5-10 Years;Not Specified;Job Description: - Design experience in FPGA, RTL and PCIe..- Working knowledge in debugging - Experience in Signal Integrity, VHDL, Verilog -  Product Application Engineers (PAEs), providing high-end technical support to Xilinxs customers - mostly in the areas of usage related to Xilinx provided IPs and Silicon Features - Prioritize technical support requests - based on customer urgency - Provide technical guidance to the team of PAEs, on areas involving extra complexity - to arrive at accurate diagnosis of customer issues - Work with Sales team on one hand, and with internal dev teams on other hand - for prioritization and messaging - Work with other stakeholders across the globe - Management responsibilities will include Performance Management systems, resource and trng planning, as well as upscaling of capabilities Job Requirements: - Knowledge of IP systems/domain knowledge in one or more of Video, Wired Communication, Wireless Communication, Storage. Machine Learning - Ability to trouble-shoot/diagnose deep technical issues - Knowledge of FPGAs/Programmable Devices will be a plus - Experience in leading (and, uplevelling) small teams of 10-15 people - Experience of working directly with customers, and, interaction with cross-geographical teams
Data Science (ML);null;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Hyderabad / Secunderabad;10-12 Years;Not Specified;Roles & Responsibilities  Knowledge and experience with statistical Natural Language Processing (NLP) methods and technologies is desired. • Experienced in AI / ML projects using languages such as Python, R and Scala. •Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as kNN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, Regression, etc. • Experience with data science toolkits, such as Shiny, Trifacta, NumPy, Pandas, NLTK, Scikit-learn, SpaCy, etc. Excellence in Python is highly desirable. • Ability to pick up new tools / techniques in ever changing technology landscape is a default expectation. • An enterprise experience demonstrating all the above is must. • Experience with big data analytics & Hadoop ecosystem of tools. •Expertise in leveraging Azure cloud for analytics work loads using data bricks. •Undertake preprocessing of structured and unstructured data•Experience of working with AI platform like DataRobot will be helpful. • Expertise in SQL much needed and ability to work with SQL server environments and exposure to SSIS will be added advantage. • Experience with data visualization tools, such as Power BI. • Good understanding and experience of ML modeling lifecycle and pipelines, including data preparation, data wrangling, ML model development, model training, model performance measurement and tuningExperience with NoSQL databases, such as MongoDB, Cassandra, HBase and data frameworks, such as Hadoop. • Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc. • Experience on deep learning frameworks, like Tensorflow, Keras, etc and experience in dealing with text and/or image data will be desirable. • Demonstrated knowledge of end-to-end deployment solutions for data products • Experience with data cleaning, preparation, feature engineering and model selection techniques  • Good understanding of the risks and trade-offs involved in choosing different ML solutions • Ability to seek empirical evidence through proofs of concept, statistical validation and external research • Experience with Cognitive Services on Azure/AWS.
Speech Engineer - Machine Learning;Radial HR Solutions;Bengaluru / Bangalore;3-10 Years;1000000-2200000;Speech Engineer - Machine Learning About Company:AN IT Company specializing in Artifical Intelligence. Working on building Automatic speech recognition for leading Indian languages.  ELIGIBILITY:  Qualifcations :  - Master/ Bachelor degree with a focus on CS, Machine Learning, Signal Processing.  - Strong knowledge on ML problems and hands-on experience in relevant projects.  - Experience in machine learning platform such as Tensorfow, Pytorch and solid programming development skills (Python, C / C++, etc).  - Experience contributing to research communities including publications at conferences and/or journals.  Nature of Job:  - Work on developing Algorithms in Multilingual Speech Recognition and Synthesis  - Develop and take to production on critical real world scenarios like Wake up word detection, Noisy channel ASR performance, Multi speaker detection  - Work in a highly collaborative environment with teams to deliver systems from prototyping to production level.   Job Location: Bangalore Speech Engineer - Machine Learning, Machine Learning, Tensorfow, Pytorch, solid programming,  Multilingual Speech Recognition, speech synthesis, ASR, Automatic speech recognition,
Business Development Executive;Leadersource Consulting LLP;Mumbai;2-5 Years;Not Specified;Responsibilities : - Develop a growth strategy focused both on financial gain and customer satisfaction - Lead generation. Business promotion activities - Arrange business meetings with prospective clients - Promote the companys products/services addressing or predicting clients objectives - Prepare sales and close sales contracts ensuring adherence to law-established rules and guidelines - Provide trustworthy feedback and after-sales support - Build long-term relationships with new and existing customers and generate referrals. Pre-Requisites - Proven working experience in business development, sales, marketing or a relevant role - Proven sales track record with Monthly Target - Experience in customer support is a plus - Proficiency in English - Sound Knowledge in AI / ML - Communication and negotiation skills - Ability to build rapport - Time management and planning skills Salary: INR 7,00,000 - 9,00,000 P.A. + Attractive Incentive Role: Head Business Development Employment Type: Permanent Job, Full Time
Opportunity for Post of Analyst;3S Business Advisors Private Limited;Jamshedpur;3-5 Years;Not Specified;Key Accountabilities No. of projects related to data analytics and improvement in EBIDTA Productivity and cost related improvements based on the results generated from Analytics solutions/modelling Continuous improvement of solutions implemented on a frequent basis To study the big data and assess relationship between different process variables through deep understanding/discussions
Data Analyst;Raju(Proprietor of Raysoft Technologies);Chennai;1-3 Years;300000-420000;Responsibilities :  Develop and implement databases, data collection systems, data analytics and other strategies that optimize statistical efficiency and quality Acquire data from primary or secondary data sources and maintain databases/data systems Identify, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets Work with management to prioritize business and information needs Create intelligent and informative written and visual reports or dashboards As part of the client account team, communicate and meet with clients to deliver and present reports Progression and support of department’s BI capabilities Market analysis metrics  Skills & Competencies :  Proven working experience as a Data Analyst or Business Data Analyst Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development, data mining and segmentation techniques Experience in using statistical techniques in a business environment. Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing data-set. Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy Knowledge of Data Science/Python, ML, Data Modelling, Statistics, SQL, DBMS
Python Developer for Open CV and Machine Learning and AI Projects;Saltriver Infosystems Private Limited;Ahmedabad;0-3 Years;130000-300000;Design and develop application using OpenCV framework Develop application which can run on embedded platform like Raspberry PI Develop Machine learning and AI based algorithms Should have excellent mathematical and programming skills. Knowledge of database required
Conversation AI developer;Multi Recruit;Bengaluru / Bangalore;4-8 Years;Not Specified;Mandatory Technical Skills HTML/CSS/JavaScript Node.js Databases (MySQL OR PGSQL) Data Modelling Node Js REST API Webhooks SOAP/Web services  Good to have Technical skills  Integration with Chat/Social software like Facebook Messenger, Twitter, SMS Integration with Enterprise systems like Microsoft Dynamics CRM, Salesforce, Zendesk. Good understanding of HTTPS and Enterprise security Good understanding of Microsoft Active Directory.  Key Responsibilities:  Independent team member for analysing requirements, designing, coding and and implementing Avaamo products (Enterprise Messaging and ChatBots) Interact with various teams at client site, develop and integrate ChatBots to various channels like FB, Twitter, Mobile App, Websites etc. Work closely with IT-Managers and Business Groups to gather requirements Translates requirements into the required technical solution related to ChatBots Strong understanding of logical database design and development (SQL and NoSQL DBs) Evaluates reported defects and the correction of prioritized defects Train other developers as per the need Excellent Communication Skills - 8/10 a Must Experience with building chatBots is preferred very strongly Ability to learn latest technologies is a huge plus
RoR Developer (Ruby and Rails);Infotech Explorer India Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;4-8 Years;Not Specified;RoR Developer (Ruby and Rails) Job Location: Bangalore Experience: 4 plus years  Job Description: Technology:  Ruby (Core language) & Rails. MySQL (Tune performance, Handle large databases). Linux (Debian/Ubuntu) administration. Be proactive and have excellent communication skills to collaborate with stakeholders. Nice to have:  Docker, Natural language processing (NLP), machine learning (ML), JavaScript (Node.js, TypeScript ) PHP: Any MVC Framework (Phalcon/Zend/Laravel, etc), HTML5, JQuery
NLP Lead;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Delhi, Gurgaon / Gurugram;6-12 Years;1400000-2100000;6+ Yrs. of industry experience in python(core) development Must be extremely efficient in coding in Python Minimum 1+ Yrs. of experience in NLP Minimum 3+ Yrs. of experience in ML/DL  Strong Knowledge in core Python development.  Excellent command over various Machine Learning / Deep Learning algorithms.  Strong Knowledge on NLP.  Strong knowledge of Word embedding techniques like, GloVe, Bert etc.  Good exposure to various advanced deep learning networks like NN, RNN, CNN, P-CNN, and LSTM.  Must have complex project experience in regression, classification, clustering algorithms.  Must be well exposed to various text pre-processing techniques in NLP.  Must have experience in feature engineering, feature selection techniques.  Must be able to handle deployment complexities like big data management, model integration to existing environment.  Must have very good command on Python.  Should have strong knowledge of Regular expression.  Excellent knowledge on File Handling, Iterators, OS module and automation in Python is a must. Must be comfortable in working with various operating systems including Windows and Linux. Should be able to suggest alternative methods of solving complex problems.  Should be able to automate various OS tasks.  Experience with text processing.  Should be able to work in a team and alone.  Team Management skills
SR. DATA ENGINEER;Machintel Systems Private Limited;Pune;4-7 Years;300000-1300000;4+ years experience with ETL, data processing and data analytics. Extensive background in data mining and statistical analysis. Able to understand various data structures and common methods in data transformation. Excellent pattern recognition and predictive modelling skills. Experience with programming languages such as Java/Python a plus. Data Warehousing. Data Pre-Processing. Specialised Data Handling. Develop data models and algorithms best suited to a particular scenario. Keep up-to-date with latest technology trends. Communicate results and ideas to key decision makers. Optimize joint development efforts through appropriate database use and project design.
Shout Out to all Women in Technology: Exclusively HIRING;Master Mind Consultancy;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Mumbai;5-15 Years;Not Specified;This is to inform you that we are exclusively hiring diversity profiles for our clients based out of India. We do have multiple positions to be closed on various technology stacks from junior to C Level Executive profiles. Please find the details below: Our Client Profiles:  1. Top 10 Investment Bank 2. Top 10 IT Services Companies 3. IT Product Companies 4. Top Credit Bureaus 5. Top Investment Management Companies What Technologies we are HIRING:  1. Java,J2EE 2. Full Stack(React JS/Angular JS/Node JS) 3. Python 4. C/C++ 5. Pro*C 6. Big Data Ecosystems 7. Artificial Intelligence 8. Machine Learning 9. C#, DOTNET 10. Robotic Process Automation (Blueprism, Automation Anywhere, UiPath) 11. Cloud Technologies (MS Azure, AWS, PAAS, IAAS, SAAS, Hybrid) 12. DBA – Oracle, SQL, Hadoop, NoSQL 13. Cyber Security 14. Murex 15. DevOps 16. Testing (Manual, Automation) 17. UI/UX 18. Cryptography 19. IT Infrastructure 20. KDB/Q 21. Blockchain 22. IoT 23. Quantum Computing 24. Nano Computing Positions we are HIRING:  1. Developers 2. Sr. Developers 3. Lead Engineers 4. Project Manager 5. Program Manager 6. Technical Architect 7. Solution Architect 8. Enterprise Architect 9. Database Administration 10. Product Manager 11. Assistant Vice President 12. Vice President 13. Sr. Vice President 14. Assistant Director 15. Director 16. Sr. Director 17. Executive Director 18. Software Development in Testing 19. Delivery Director 20. Practice Head Experience Level – 2 years to 30 Years Locations: Mumbai, Pune, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Gurgaon, Vadodara, Chennai If your career aspiration matches to any of above, please share your updated resume along with following details on [HIDDEN TEXT] at the earliest. Total Exp.: Relevant Exp.: Technology Stack: Role Applying for: Current CTC (Fixed & variable - please specify): Expected CTC: Notice Period: Date of Birth: Qualification: University: Year of passing: Current location: Marital status Reason of Change: We would really appreciate your efforts to refer someone from your network if you find above opening not suiting your expectations. Thanks & Regards,  Sumit MASTER MIND CONSULTANCY We Place Brains Tel.: +91 - 22 - 4060 9821 visit us on - www.mmcindia.biz
Pre-Sales Manager (Digital Offerings);Impact HR Services Private Limited;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;6-11 Years;Not Specified;Responsibilities • Planning of sales strategies, the positioning in contrast to the competitors and the demonstration of the business • Preparation of presentations about the products or services with all their values for the usage of the sales department • Creation of marketing concepts • Coordination and organization of demand generating activities like tradeshows, company events or customer workshops • Engagement with the customers and interpretation of their needs and derivation of advice for prospective products that are aligned with the customers demands • Must have experience in pre sales of Digital offerings in Mobile App development, Big Data & Analytics, AI, Machine Learning, Cloud Services.. Requirements • Degree in business, marketing, communication or any other related field • At best, experience in a similar position • Good interpersonal, presentation and communication skills • Strong customer service orientation • Analytical skills and the ability to recognize the demands on the side of the clients
Job Opening for Data Scientist/Senior Data scientist/Data science - Lead!;11Milliondream Consultancy Services;Hyderabad / Secunderabad, Mumbai;3-6 Years;Not Specified;Required skills:  • Should have proven capability in R/Python, Advanced Excel, SQL • 3 years of experience in Predictive analytics project. • Client handling capability & communication skills are a must. • Tableau is an added advantage. Interested candidate share your cv to [HIDDEN TEXT] or reach me to 9150851254
Machine learning engineer;Kashish Kumar (proprietor of Small world);Japan;2-9 Years;3400000-5500000;Job Description ? Development and optimization of algorithms for contents, EC sites, advertisements, etc. ? Research and development of algorithms and architecture of personalized recommendation systems for top news, communities, live broadcasts, videos, advertisements, etc. ? Supports data and requests to ensure accurate recommendation of related products ? Recall of initial screening, estimation of click rate, development and optimization of recommended sorting model ? System data analysis, scenario strategy, quality monitoring, and high concurrency coordination ? Realization of commercialization by recommendation system ? Create scenario images, user images and behavior models ? Introduce advanced technology to the industry to improve the recommendation effect Eligibility (required) ? Those who are good at analyzing data and analyzing and solving problems ? 2 years of practical experience in multiple fields of general theory and algorithm of skilled recommendation model (sort model, click prediction, recall model, user image, deep learning, etc.) ? Skilled in general algorithms such as SVD, GBM, XGB, GBDT, LTR, word2vec, CRF, LSTM ? Skilled understanding of basic theories and methods of machine learning and deep learning, and experience of practical applications in the task of natural language processing ? Skilled in using one or more deep learning frameworks such as tenssorflow, caffe, mxnet, pytorch Eligibility (welcome) ? Reading and writing in English (or Chinese) ? Computer, mathematics, machine learning, statistics, natural language processing or related majors, Masters or Ph.D. degree and practical experience welcome ? Who knows programming of spark, hadoop distributed calculation method is welcome ? Experienced in related projects such as content introduction, product introduction and advertisement introduction The desired person image -Excellent communication and teamwork skills Charm point ? It is possible to experience cutting-edge technologies overseas including AI ? Although this is a healthcare business utilizing AI that SoftBank and overseas companies are working on, it is a startup, but it can be involved in a business that is much larger than a normal startup About this Job Job Description Company Name Healthcare Technologies Inc. Date of establishment October 15, 2018 Representative Reishi Oishi location 6-10-1 Ginza, Chuo-ku, Tokyo GINZA SIX About this Company  Healthcare Technologies, a new business funded by SoftBank, is promoting an online healthcare consultation service. Through the app, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, we will receive health consultations from users, present countermeasures, and provide information on general medicines. In the future, we aim to connect users and medical institutions based on the accumulated data and contribute to the promotion of early and stable healthcare. As many companies participate in online health and medical consultation, we aim to lead the market by making full use of SoftBanks unique funding, business planning, branding and IT technologies. While online healthcare consulting is a market that can be expected to grow further in the future, startups in all areas are at risk of exiting the business. The company is still a start-up for new businesses, but it has a large base in which SoftBank, a leading domestic company engaged in telecommunications services, has invested. One of the great attraction is the challenging environment of expanding the business from the early phase while utilizing the foundation of a large company.
Deep Learning Software Engineer;null;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Chennai;6-12 Years;1080000-2240000;Platform Strong programming skills, C / C++ in Linux environment Linux device drivers (User / Kernel modes) Python or any other scripting language hands on experience Google Test Framework (GTEST), Continuous Integration knowledge The candidate should be able to understand complex software designs, algorithms, and should be able to design the test cases to test different scenarios. This includes the functional, performance and stress tests. The candidate will be expected to write verification test plans, and write tests to execute those plans. Candidates will need to debug failing tests, then work with component owners to resolve bugs. Successful software engineer can anticipate failure modes, and write punishing test content to stress the design and identify bugs. Candidate will analyze coverage gaps and devise strategies to fill coverage holes. Qualifications Education: B.Tech/M.Tech ECE or CS from reputed institute Experience: 6-12 years of relevant experience Behavioral traits: Problem solving Skills - Ability to Multitask - Strong Written and Verbal Communication Skills - Ability to Work in a Dynamic Team Oriented environment Proficiency in C, C++, Standard Template Library (STL) and python, Working Experience of Developing and Validating Linux Device Drivers, Unix/Linux system Programming. Software test specifications, Development of Test Cases, Experience in Developing and validating Device drivers, Experience of working on Complex SOCs SW Stack, Ability to understand Hardware Features from data sheets. Knowledge of Machine Learning algorithms, Agile development process, Continuous Integration, Jenkins etc. RoleSoftware Developer Industry TypeIT-Software / Software Services Functional AreaIT Software - System Programming Employment Type Full Time, Permanent Role Category Programming & Design Education UG :B.Tech/B.E. in Electrical, Electronics / Telecommunication, Computers PG :M.Tech in Computers, Electronics / Telecommunication Doctorate : Doctorate Not Required
Senior Data Analyst/Data scientist;BSRI Solutions Private Limited OPC;Chennai;4-8 Years;Not Specified;"Senior Data Analyst/Data scientist, EXP: 4 to 8 yrs, Work Location: Sholinganallur, Position: Permanent,  Job Description: • Independently executes data analysis, data mining, reporting and visualization projects using SQL, Hadoop, Alteryx, Qlikview, SAS and appropriate tools. • Understands the requirements from project teams, processes appropriate data sets, generates insightful reports, develops appropriate wireframes/visualization and associated data workflows. • Independently interacts with client management to prioritize projects, task and deliverables. • The successful candidate has a passion and deep experience in descriptive analytics & reporting. • She/he will have expertise in problem-solving, efficiently analyzing very large customer data sets from multiple, disparate sources. • She/he will be able to multi-task between Adhoc and project-based analytics deliverables. • Bachelor/Masters Degree in a technical field is required (computer science, information systems, mathematics, statistics); a Masters degree is preferred."
Data Scientist;Verzeo Edutech Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;1-5 Years;1100000-1500000;1. Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain & document innovative solutions for challenging problems with robust, scalable, reusable, efficient, production-quality software 2. To identify, propose and build infrastructure, large-scale data pipelines, data storage strategy, common libraries and useful tools needed to manipulate data so as to create inputs for deep learning algorithms 3.Perform statistical analysis and fine-tuning using test results 4.Train and retrain systems when necessary 5.Extend existing ML/DL libraries and frameworks 6.Understanding of data structures, data modeling, and software architecture 7.Deep knowledge of maths, probability, statistics, and algorithms 8.Ability to write robust code in Python, Java, and R 9.Familiarity with machine learning frameworks (like Keras or PyTorch) and libraries (like scikit-learn) 10. Keep abreast of developments in the field 11.An intense sense of ownership, initiative-taking, and a can-do attitude 12.Great attention to detail and a data-driven approach to problem-solving
Data Scientist;JMA Global IT Solutions SDN BHD;Bengaluru / Bangalore;7-11 Years;1600000-2450000;We are looking for Data Scientist for our client in J.P Nagar, Bangalore. Let me know if you would be interested in it. Job Title : Data Scientist Location :J.P Nagar, Bangalore. Duration : Full Time Job Description: The Data Scientist will work on challenging problems extracting actionable information out of the many data sources available to Client. Application areas include Identity Resolution, Marketing Analytics Security and Fraud and other Business Solutions supported by our or our client’s data. Data Scientists create prototypes of new algorithms and support Engineering teams in productizing these capabilities. Data Scientists work closely with various teams including data acquisition, data products, data sciences and various business units including marketing, security, and internet of things to ensure implementation of capabilities that enable the organization’s vision. The role is based out of India at the Client’s offices in either Bangalore or Hyderabad. Responsibilities: • Algorithm Development: Develop a deep understanding of all the data relevant to the problem to be addressed. Establish deterministic and probabilistic linkages between data sources and develop ways to extract and summarize the sought information in the data using a wide variety of statistical, data mining and machine learning techniques. • Prototyping: Create prototypes of productizable ways to perform the analysis at scale, provide documentation and help educate your colleagues in different function about the solution • Support Implementation: Closely work with product, engineering and client teams to incorporate Data Science capabilities into Client’s products and services Skills and Experience: • Masters’s degree in Data Science, Statistics or a related field (we will consider applicants with a Bachelor’s degree and relevant work experience as well) Solid understanding of data mining and expert in real-world applications of these techniques • Hadoop/Big Data • Hive/SQL - traditional databases and distributed computing environments • MapReduce • Spark • Scala • Python • AWS • ETL Techniques • Statistics • Model Building • Machine Learning • Experience working with commercial and/or open source statistics and data mining packages Familiarity with real-world applications of these techniques • Statistics • Model Building • Machine Learning • • Strong written and oral communication skills • Strong inter-personal collaboration skills. Being able to both work in groups or as an individual contributor • General curiosity, a willingness to experiment, pragmatism and the ability to handle ambiguity Why work with us? • Because you love to build beautiful, innovative solutions that wow the customer • Because you believe in changing the status quo and are up for the challenge of your life • Because you know you can make a difference to people, places and things! About Us Every day, the world generates roughly 2.5 quadrillion bits of data. Client isolates certain elements and analyzes, simplifies and edits them to make precise and valuable decisions that drive results. As one of the few companies capable of knowing with certainty who is on the other end of every interaction, we’re trusted by the world’s great brands to make critical decisions some 20 billion times a day.
Artificial intelligence / Machine Learning;Virtusa Software Services Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;5-12 Years;Not Specified;Artificial intelligence / Machine LearningExperience: Tier 1 : 10+ years Tier 2: 5-9 years Job Location: Hyderabad Notice Period : Immediate to 30 Days Job description: • End to End SDLC • Strong in AI and ML, To work on Model Algorithm • Confident in client facing, strong communication and co-ordination • Data Preparation, Training the module, Module evaluation, Final deployment of the model • Deep Learning • Natural Language Processing
Php developer;Pixelvide Design Solutions;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;2-7 Years;600000-1200000;Requirements: - Strong PHP/Python coding Experience (Laravel/DJANGO) - Knowledge in Laravel Framework is a plus - Hands-on working experience in Angular JS - Hands on experience in web development and handling large scale applications - Knowledge in Multiprocessing and Sockets - Knowledge in Image Processing is a plus - Interest and knowledge in Machine Learning, AI - Working experience in HTML/CSS, Javascript, JQuery, AJAX/HTTP Calls, Laravel 4/5/5.3, Angular JS 1/2 - Experience in AWS, RDS, Auto Scaling, Load Balancing, etc.- DevOps: Continuous Integration, Circle CI, Docker, Git- Knowledge in Design Patterns and application/Database designWe need a dynamic person who would walk the extra mile to complete his/her task with utmost sincerity, perfection and even beyond.
Python Developer;Education Culture Private Limited;Ludhiana;1-2 Years;Not Specified;Familiar with IDE like - Jupiter Notebook, Pycharm, etc Knowledge of using RESTful APIs in python Good Knowledge of Data Visualization & Machine Learning in Python Knowledge of Java, C and C++ Basic Knowledge of - Django, Flask, Html, Css, Javascript
Data Science Consultant;IEverware Technologies Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;4-8 Years;Not Specified;"Job Title: Data Science Consultant Job Location: Hyderabad Job Type: Permanent Experience: 4-8 Yrs Compensation: Not Disclosed by recruiter Education & Eligibility: B.E, B.Tech (Any Engineering Background), CS Branch, Any Bachelor Degree, M.Tech, MBA, MCA, BCA, Post Graduates, PhD. Note: Apply candidates who has US-Visa is a great plus, they will have a chance to work at our client location Dallas, TX, USA. Job Description: Experience Minimum 3 years of experience in the machine learning / Artificial Intelligence / Advanced analytics space, who demonstrates: Strong teamworking skills. Strong foundation in statistical methodologies (e.g., linear/logistic regression, Segmentation/classification techniques.) Knowledge of data manipulation and analysis languages (e.g. Python/SAS/SQL/Spark/Hive etc.) as well as data visualization platforms (Tableau, PowerBI etc.) Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Highly motivated, organized; proactive self-starter and a team player. Excellent English written and verbal communication. Utilizing the Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook). Demonstrating commitment and results-oriented attitude. Fluent in English, both written & spoken. Kindly do send your updated resume by filling below given details: 1. Total Experience: 2. Relevant work experience in skills & role: 3. Current CTC: 4. Expected CTC: 5. Notice period: 6. Current location: 7. Preferred location: Thanks & Regards Eshwar iEverware Technologies Pvt. Ltd India: 7901441171 Mail ID: [HIDDEN TEXT] | URL: www.ieverware.com Staffing |Consulting |Development |BPO| Training | Digital Services"
Computer Vision Developer;Sumeru Software Solutions Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;3-10 Years;Not Specified;Responsibilities :  Provide leadership and mentoring to the research and development team Lead the research and development effort of advanced product-critical computer vision components features such as person tracking, pose estimation (2D & 3D), event identification based on pose and tracking data.Support overall research engineering and architecture efforts of computer vision and machine learning components.Write maintainable, reusable code, leveraging result-driven principles to develop high-quality vision and machine learning modules.Act as a mentor and subject matter expert within the computer vision group and with other key stakeholders.Review individual developers code in the team to ensure the highest code quality in Computer Vision components. Minimum Requirement :  3+ years of working experience in Computer Vision Experience in leading engineering teams to product delivery Computer vision algorithms on cloud: Research, architect, and implement high- performance computer vision software in the cloud with state-of-the-art capabilities. Expert level in Python or C/C++ (programming and debugging). Experience in Deep Learning is strongly preferred with knowledge of TensorFlow, MxNet, PyTorch, or Caffe. Knowledge of parallel computing, OpenCL, CUDA, GPU is a plus. Knowledge of software optimization and memory management is a plus
Artificial Intelligence-Computer Vision/Data Analyst-Machine Learning/ NLP;Raising Global Solutions;Delhi;2-3 Years;Not Specified;Data Analyst - Machine Learning Skills and Qualifications  Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as kNN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, Neural Networks, etc.  Experience with common data science toolkits, such as NumPy, sklearn, TensorFlow, Pandas, Matplotlib, Pickle, Keras, etc is highly desirable.  Perform statistical analysis, data mining, temporal and pattern analysis, correlation of events, predictive modeling, and pattern recognition for various use cases.  Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc.  Should have a thorough knowledge of statistics and probability (knowledge of calculus and linear algebra would be a plus).  Experience with data visualization tools, such as D3.js, GGplot, etc.  Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL  Good scripting and programming skills using Python.  Ability to adapt and learn quickly  Provide informational briefings to explain methodologies and analytical findings to peers and customer stakeholders.  Investigate and implement new scientific analysis and methodologies to support big data analytics efforts.  Experience with one or more of the following frameworks: Pytorch, Caffe, TensorFlow, and Theano is a plus.
Machine Learning;Feasible Technologies Private Limited;Pune;7-8 Years;Not Specified;Business Analyst(Tech) – Job Description The below are the key skills and the Ideal Candidate for hire would be one who has done projects on facial recognition. Good knowledge on deep learning concept and extensive knowledge on Open CV,Computer vision,Kaggle,Tensor Flow.  Background: join a startup doing work around safety, security, efficiency in the manufacturing and retail domain. Build innovative workflows on top of existing IOT and AI platforms to solve pressing business issues and deliver tangible results. Share in the excitement of building applications and workflows that have never been done before, and get the satisfaction of seeing immediate results  Budget upto 12LPA Description: Understand business requirements and tie them with what can be solved using currently available tools, techniques and technologies. Design, build, test, document and deploy applications to meet the business and application requirements. Must Have Skills: Machine learning, Computer Vision, Python, TensorFlow. Excellent written and verbal skills. Linux, Docker. Building, deploying applications on the cloud –AWS, GCP, Azure Good to have: knowledge of working with single board computers/edge devices like Rasperry Pi, Asus Tinkerboard, Google Coral. Knowledge of working with various types of cameras and image processing applications Job Requirements: 1. Use various techniques for acquiring, processing, analysing & understanding digital images 2. Evaluate various platforms and models, and build/test applications related to image video processing that perform functions such as object identification & classification for specific needs 3. Review, test, document and integrate all application workflows so that they meet all functional, security, integration, performance, quality requirements 4. Retrain existing models with new data to deliver higher accuracy 5. Support and troubleshoot existing deployments Travel to various customer locations for extended periods might be required. Experience: 1-3 years Location: Pune
Inside Sales Executive (female)- US Night Shifts;V Soft Consulting Corporation Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;4-5 Years;Not Specified;Looking for US Inside Sales Executive for US region. Experience: 4-5 years of relevant experience in IT Technologies (Service Now, Machine Learning, MuleSoft), services, Staffing, and solutions Key Skills: Experience in Cold Calling, Business Development and Lead Generation via Phone, Email and Web, Building leads pipeline by executing campaigns, Ability to make presentations & excellent communication skills, Strong analytical skills with a flair for business, Aggressive selling approach and yet be a good team player, Establish network of relationships with key decision makers in small/medium & large d companies and ability to leverage these relationships for generating new business, Strong exposure on handling US market and willingness to work during US business hours, Perseverant with ability to meet deadlines and targets, Ability to generate executive dashboards and reports, Adopt at using Microsoft Office tools, Understanding of technical solutions and using CRM Tools, Overall Responsibilities: Strategic: Developing and executing Inside Sales plans to achieve leads: cold calling, prospecting, qualification, account mapping and present, Effectively utilize available sales & marketing tools for campaign planning, ideal client profile, pipeline development, tracking opportunity progress (forecasting), developing monthly, quarterly level forecasts, Strives to meet or exceed prospecting goals on daily, weekly, monthly and quarterly basis, Inside Sales: Generate new leads and set appointments for the Sales Managers, within defined territory, for specific lines of business, through cold calling campaigns, Works closely with Sales Managers to qualify prospects, coordinate meetings, and drive new opportunities, Establishing and cultivating healthy relationships with prospective customers, Develop new relationships of key decision makers in prospective customers, Working with Sales and Marketing team to create a consistent client message, Scheduling meetings / appointments according to established procedures & making reminder calls to prospective customers, Responsible for all aspects of the inside selling process - identify, qualify and generate qualified leads and meetings, Data capturing with 100% accuracy while working on CRM, Executive Reporting: Participate in Sales meetings, review campaign status and assignments, Reviews with team and Top Executive level, Accurate forecasting of business & keeping records in the internal systems updated, Capturing and reporting on all metrics with 100% accuracy,
Python Developer || Gurgaon Location || Immediate Joiner Preferred;Strawberry Infotech Private Limited;Gurgaon / Gurugram;3-13 Years;Not Specified;We have an urgent opening for Pyhton Developer in Gurgaon Location Exp:4+ Yrs Should have good Experience in Pyhton Development only. we are looking who can join immediate and who can attend Face to Face interview only.
Head of Product;Eyeglobal Solutions Private Limited;Pune;15-20 Years;7000000-8000000;1) Head of Products Job requirement: • Product Engg, Architecture, • Exposure to AI -Machine learning & understands AI, NLP, • Developed at least a product in his career and understands technical Architecture • worked for product s/w company, • Worked with Pre-sales/sales • Should have built the external product, • Target Companies -Amazon, Microsoft • Been instrumental in building strategy around product to go to market • Minimum 15+ yrs of experience. • Should have been part of product starting from inception to market.  If interested, kindly revert back with below details:Current CTC: Expected CTC: Current Location: Notice Period: (if serving notice period, mention LWD and offer amount): Reason for job change:
Data Scientist;JMA Global IT Solutions SDN BHD;Bengaluru / Bangalore;6-10 Years;1200000-2400000;We are looking for Data Scientist for our client in J.P Nagar, Bangalore. Let me know if you would be interested in it. Job Title : Data Scientist Location :J.P Nagar, Bangalore. Duration : Full Time  Job Description: The Data Scientist will work on challenging problems extracting actionable information out of the many data sources available to Client. Application areas include Identity Resolution, Marketing Analytics Security and Fraud and other Business Solutions supported by our or our client’s data. Data Scientists create prototypes of new algorithms and support Engineering teams in productizing these capabilities. Data Scientists work closely with various teams including data acquisition, data products, data sciences and various business units including marketing, security, and internet of things to ensure implementation of capabilities that enable the organization’s vision. The role is based out of India at the Client’s offices in either Bangalore or Hyderabad. Responsibilities: • Algorithm Development: Develop a deep understanding of all the data relevant to the problem to be addressed. Establish deterministic and probabilistic linkages between data sources and develop ways to extract and summarize the sought information in the data using a wide variety of statistical, data mining and machine learning techniques. • Prototyping: Create prototypes of productizable ways to perform the analysis at scale, provide documentation and help educate your colleagues in different function about the solution • Support Implementation: Closely work with product, engineering and client teams to incorporate Data Science capabilities into Client’s products and services Skills and Experience:  • Masters’s degree in Data Science, Statistics or a related field (we will consider applicants with a Bachelor’s degree and relevant work experience as well) Solid understanding of data mining and expert in real-world applications of these techniques • Hadoop/Big Data • Hive/SQL - traditional databases and distributed computing environments • MapReduce • Spark • Scala • Python • AWS • ETL Techniques • Statistics • Model Building • Machine Learning • Experience working with commercial and/or open source statistics and data mining packages Familiarity with real-world applications of these techniques • Statistics • Model Building • Machine Learning • Strong written and oral communication skills • Strong inter-personal collaboration skills. Being able to both work in groups or as an individual contributor • General curiosity, a willingness to experiment, pragmatism and the ability to handle ambiguity
Lead Data Scientist - Franklin Templeton;Innova Solutions Private Limited;Visakhapatnam, Bhubaneswar;8-13 Years;Not Specified;Job description Come work as a Senior/ Lead/ Principal - Data Scientist at growing company that offers great benefits with opportunities to advance and learn alongside accomplished leaders, For Leading Global investment firm Franklin Templeton (FT) in collaboration with technology services company Innova Solutions . Position Overview :  - Data scientists utilize their analytical, statistical, and programming skills to collect, analyze, and interpret large data sets. They then use this information to develop data-driven solutions to difficult business challenges. Data scientists commonly have a bachelors degree in statistics, math, computer science, or economics. - Data scientists have a wide range of technical competencies including statistics and machine learning, coding languages, databases, machine learning, and reporting technologies.  Responsibilities for Data scientist :  - Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions. - Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies. - Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques. - Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. - Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes. - Develop company A/B testing framework and test model quality. - Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes. - Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy. Qualifications for Data Scientist : - Should have 5 + Years relevant experience in Data Science. - Strong problem-solving skills with an emphasis on product development. - Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SLQ, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets. - Experience working with and creating data architectures. - Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks. - Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications. - Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams. - A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques. - Coding knowledge and experience with several languages - C, C++, Java, - JavaScript, etc. - Knowledge and experience in statistical and data mining techniques - GLM/Regression, Random Forest, Boosting, Trees, text mining, social network analysis, etc. - Experience querying databases and using statistical computer languages - R, Python, SLQ, etc. - Experience using web services - Redshift, S3, Spark, DigitalOcean, etc. - Experience creating and using advanced machine learning algorithms and statistics - regression, simulation, scenario analysis, modeling, clustering, decision trees, neural networks, etc. - Experience analyzing data from 3rd party providers - Google Analytics, Site Catalyst, Coremetrics, Adwords, Crimson Hexagon, Facebook Insights, etc. - Experience with distributed data/computing tools - Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Gurobi, MySQL, etc. - Experience visualizing/presenting data for stakeholders using - Periscope, Business Objects, D3, ggplot, etc
Java/Scala Developer Position with TOP MNC in Bangalore;Intellicraft Consulting And Technologies;Bengaluru / Bangalore;2-7 Years;Not Specified;We are looking for a Java/Scala Developer for a TOP MNC in Bangalore Experience: 2 -7 Years Position: Permanent Work Location: Bangalore Interview Date: Weekdays Interview Mode: Face to Face Interview Time: 11:00 AM - 5:00 PM Skills: We are looking for experienced professionals for our ongoing AI/ML initiatives, who will participate, maintain and support the ever changing solutions in AI/ML space. The ideal candidate should have 2 to 4 years of core java programming experience with at least 1.5 years in Scala scripting on Apache Spark platform. Should have worked on Hbase NoSQL database programming. Hive-SQL, and SQL (on MySQL at least) is highly desirable. Should be comfortable with Unix Shell scripting for routine tasks such as scheduling, process and log monitoring etc.  IF you are interested apply with below details, Total Experience: Current CTC: Expected CTC: Notice Period: Are you available on Weekdays for Face to Face Interview:
Artificial Intelligence /AI Devlopment / Machine Learning Engineer;Sign On Solutions Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;3-10 Years;Not Specified;"Responsibilities Develop innovative software architectures to build, analyze and prototype key deep learning and data analytic algorithms and applications for smartphone platforms. Follow up the latest AI researches and technologies; Understand and analyze the effects of the interplay between hardware and software architectures on performance, efficiency and optimization of algorithms and applications. Co-working with AI scientists and AI engineers to improve mobile user experience with AI technologies; Requirements Master’s degree or above with major in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering or equivalent experience required; Excellent knowledge of machine or deep learning technologies; Excellent knowledge of common machine learning frameworks; Strong programming skills in C/C++/Java and/or Python; Strong communication and collaboration skills? Preferred Qualifications: Familiarity with GPU computing (CUDA, OpenCL) and HPC?"
Machine learning engineer;Multi Recruit;Chennai;4-14 Years;1000000-2000000;• Minimum 4 years of work experience as Machine Learning Engineer • High working proficiency with Python and basic libraries for machine learning such as scikit-learn and pandas • High working proficiency with OpenCV • Working knowledge on Text Analytics and well versed in Natural Language Processing • Understanding of data structures, data modelling and software architecture • Deep knowledge on classification algorithms in Machine Learning, optimization algorithm likes of gradient descent and metrices reporting • Working knowledge on to advanced Deep Learning especially likes of Restricted Boltzmann Machines and YOLO • Ability to write robust code in Python • Familiarity with Linux • Excellent communication skills • Ability to work in a team • Outstanding analytical and problem-solving skills • B.Tech /M.Tech/M.Sc in Computer Science, Statistics, Mathematics, Physics or similar field. Advanced degree is a plus
Immediate requirement for python data science freshers.;Bovzo Infotech Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;;Not Specified;Job description:Strong background in mathematical, numerical and scientific computing using Python.  Knowledge in Artificial Intelligence/Machine learning.  Knowledge on working with SCRUM software development methodology, knowledge on implementing Web services, Web clients and JSON protocol is required. Knowledge on Python Meta programming. Strong analytical and problem-solving skills. Design, develop and debug enterprise grade software products and systems.  Software systems testing methodology, including writing and execution oftest plans, debugging, and testing scripts and tools.  Excellent written and verbal communication skills.Ability to effectively communicate product design functionality and status to management, customers and other stakeholders. Highest level of integrity and work ethic.Contact:DeepikaMobile: 7095107648Email: [HIDDEN TEXT]
Lead - Commercial Analytics (MCM Analytics);Indegene Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;5-13 Years;Not Specified;"Lead - Commercial Analytics (MCM Analytics)  Experience: 5 years - 8 years Position Type: Full Time – FT Functional Area: Intelligence & Analytics Education: BTech / MTech / BS / MS Statistics / Public Health / Bioinformatics / / Life Sciences and / or MBA Work Location: Bangalore  Job Role:  ? We are looking for experienced analytics professional, who can handle commercial analytics projects, specifically marketing mix, customer and brand performance analytics projects with proficiency. ? Candidate should be able to leverage various technology platforms (R/Python) and statistical / data science packages expertise to deliver a variety of analytics projects ? Types of advanced analytics problems may include: o Promotion Response & Marketing Mix Modeling o Customer Segmentation – basic and advanced methodologies o ROI / m-ROI / Impact analytics o Marketing Mix Optimization o Scenario building ? Create realistic and actionable metrics for marketing, brand and digital ops managers, including collation and delivery of brand, sales and marketing activity KPI reports ? Knowledge of digital / web and campaign analytics tracking is preferable ? Deliver projects end-to-end, from requirements gathering / understanding to project planning to project delivery and recommendations, with appropriate guidance from senior managers ? Lead client communication, providing clients with periodic updates and insights / recommendations through appropriate channels (conference calls / emails) ? Proactively communicate, internally and externally with senior stakeholders within the team, ensuring that any issues / concerns are handled in a timely manner ? Provide technical and business leadership/ mentorship to junior team members; groom them for additional responsibilities ? Handle small and large datasets on projects efficiently and figure out the right technology to use for processing the data (e.g. Excel/VBA, SQL, SAS, Python etc.) and delivering the analyses (Excel/VBA, R, Python, SAS). Be a champion on analytics technologies within the team. ? Develop expertise in pharmaceutical datasets and be a champion within the team ? Meaningfully communicate insights and information to a broad group of stakeholders through excellent oral and written communication ? Prior experience in Pharma and/or Retail domain is preferable    Desired Profile:  ? Proficiency in handling small and large datasets through Excel/VBA, MS Access / SQL Server, SAS/Python/R ? Experience required 5-7 Years ? Knowledge of handling data from Web analytics platforms like Google / Adobe Analytics and marketing automation platforms like Marketo, Adobe etc. ? Will be a plus, if experience in data visualization platforms like Tableau, Power BI ? Knowledge of statistics and ability to run predictive / machine learning models in R/Python/SAS ? Ability to automate dashboards / processes per client requirements in Excel / PPT or other platforms ? Ability to perform advance analytics analyses such as, regression analysis, clustering (K-Mean, Random forest, Deciling etc.), time series modeling etc. ? Experience in pharmaceutical/retail commercial analytics"
Python Developer || Gurgaon Location || Immediate Joiner Preferred;Strawberry Infotech Private Limited;Gurgaon / Gurugram;3-13 Years;Not Specified;We have an urgent opening for Pyhton Developer in Gurgaon Location Exp:4+ Yrs Should have good Experience in Pyhton Development only. we are looking who can join immediate and who can attend Face to Face interview only.
Deep Learning Scientist;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Mumbai;2-5 Years;550000-1010000;Position Deep Learning Scientist  Location Mumbai, India Role Summary • Execute and take ownership of deep learning projects end-to-end. Good exposure to various deep learning algorithms and frameworks • Understand the problem and the kind of data required and the format in which it is required and prepare the data using the relevant methodologies • Keep updated on latest research in AI and deep learning and find ways in which it can be used to solve business problems • Must be able to read research papers (eg: some novel architectures, training techniques, etc.) and be able to implement it fully to solve our specific problems Essential Qualification Masters/PhD in a Quantitative & Engineering disciplines - Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Computer Science, Electronics, and Data Mining etc. BE/BTech Experience 2-5 years Prior experience in implementing production-level deep learning projects is a must Technical Skills Skill Set • Must have worked on at least 2-3 real life Data science projects. • Expert user of Python/R and SQL • Hands-on experience in handling unstructured (image, video, audio) and build solutions using Deep Learning / Machine Learning • Experience in implementing object detection, GAN’s. Knowledge of reinforcement learning is a plus. • Good grasp and detailed knowledge of any one deep learning library (PyTorch, Tensorflow, etc) is a must • Strong interpersonal skill, entrepreneur mindset • Self-motivated, ability to handle ambiguity • Strong problem solving skills Please contact R. ChandraShekar @ 9533601953
Developer Javascript Jobs in Bangalore;Inspiration Manpower Consultancy Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;2-5 Years;Not Specified;Job Title- Developer JavaScript • JavaScript developer who can write, rewrite codes, and ad new code on top of pre-existing codes. Minimum 2 years of experience is required • Candidate should be able to write automation codes – (JavaScript codes) for the KPIs, Data pipelines, Machine learning & Predictive modelling which are in the scope of project • Experience in working as a front end developer is mandatory • Proficient in JavaScript coding for data capture and event handling methods via the DOM event model • Day to day management of DB warehouse, Dashboards along with troubleshooting activities which blocks the data extraction by avoiding roadblocks in data pipelines / automation scripts • Strong communication & business process analyst skills- o ability to work with a variety of stakeholders i.e. application owners, directors, architects, & DBAs across the enterprise o helping the project manager with sequencing the projects activities by conducting feasibility analysis & requirements gathering from business owners • Candidate should be willing to be trained on SQL, R, & Python codes within 60-90 days of joining • Willing to work in E-commerce – sales & supply chain domain to support onsite & offshore team of data analysts, leads & stakeholders as required • Experience with Plx scripting & Google apps script will be added advantage • Hands on experience on SQL coding is preferable • Strong academic background preferred • Notice period should be less than 30 days
Exciting job opportunity for Senior Analyst with the leading Private Organization in Jamshedpur;Convate Consultancy Services Private Limited;Jaipur, Jamshedpur;5-9 Years;Not Specified;I am glad to share Exciting job opportunity for Senior Analyst with the leading Private Organization in Jamshedpur. Requirement Details: Position Name :  Sr. Analyst Locations :  Jajpur, Jamshedpur Salary :  Best As per industries norms Responsibilities :  Main Purpose of the Job To develop solutions based on advanced analytics (machine learning, ANN etc.). To develop visualization of data to reveal hidden insights To develop and maintain solutions (DOTNET, R, Python, AIMMS, etc) To facilitate implementation of insights and analytic findings for deriving business benefit. Key Accountabilities No. of projects related to data analytics and improvement in EBIDTA Productivity and cost related improvements based on the results generated from Analytics solutions/modelling Continuous improvement of solutions implemented on a frequent basis To study the big data and assess relationship between different process variables through deep understanding/discussions Qualification, Experience & Skills B Tech/ BE or M Tech/ ME in Mechanical/ Metallurgical/ Electrical/ Electronics/ Computer Science/ Instrumentation/ Industrial Engineering/ Operations PhD or M.Sc.(Maths / Statistics) or in any other relevant discipline. Relevant experience Experience related to advanced analytics (Machine learning, Deep learning, Fuzzy logic, data visualisation, statistics, Derived data analysis etc). Programming and process trouble-shooting experience (R, Python ) will be preferred. Exposure to mathematical modelling will be preferred. Understanding of statistics and statistical modelling will be required. Good process knowledge related to supply chain, iron and steel manufacturing, marketing or mining/mineral processing is preferable. Programming skills using a high level language (preferably in DOTNET environment) will be necessary. Knowledge on data acquisition, analytics, statistics and other mathematical modelling tools will be useful. Sound concepts on Big data analytics will be helpful. Technical Competencies Statistics, Data analytics, Artificial intelligence, programming, system engineering and flow design, Logic building, Scenario analysis Behavioural Competencies Learning orientation, Collaboration, Achievement orientation, change orientation Note : Primary Skills :  Business process Secondary Skills : Education :  B.Tech/B.E., M.Sc, M.Tech, MCA, Ph.D. Branches :  CS, Electrical, Electronics, Industrial Engineering, Instrumentation, Maths, Mechanical, Metallurgy, Operations, Statistics Experience :  5.00 To 7.00 Years Requirements :  B Tech/ BE or M Tech/ ME in Mechanical/Metallurgical/ Electrical/ Electronics/ Computer Science/Instrumentation/Industrial Engineering/Operations or PhD or M.Sc.(Maths / Statistics) 5yrs experience post ME, M.Tech/ PhD 7yrs experience post B.E, B.Tech./ M. Sc, Experience related to advanced analytics (Machine learning, Deep learning, Fuzzy logic, data visualisation, statistics, Derived data analysis etc). Programming and process trouble-shooting experience (R, Python ) will be preferred. Exposure to mathematical modelling will be preferred. Understanding of statistics and statistical modelling will be required. Good process knowledge related to supply chain, iron and steel manufacturing, marketing or mining/mineral processing is preferable. Programming skills using a high level language (preferably in DOTNET environment) will be necessary. Knowledge on data acquisition, analytics, statistics and other mathematical modelling tools will be useful. Sound concepts on Big data analytics will be helpful.
Urgent opportunity Lead Product Manager- Technical;JB Consultants;Pune;2-10 Years;Not Specified;"Overview • Responsible for developing inspiring platform/product visions, derived from business needs, market opportunities, and technology trends • Using the Working Backwards method, decomposes business requirements and customer experiences into features and functions that drive the platform/product roadmap • Works with Technical Program Managers, Developers, UX designers, and internal customers to define the details behind the business requirements • Collects and shares user stories with engineering teams • Acts as the voice of the business customer and accountable for the platform services Role • Owns the working backwards document and vision for feature releases • Identifies gaps and charters new platform capabilities as required • Makes use of research, user studies, metrics and competitive analysis to understand the platform and business needs for a platform product • Compares features for competitive review to inform prioritization within a platform product release • Identifies innovations or performs test and learn experiments to create features that add more business and customer value for a platform product • Participates with the business in customer research to inform platform product feature needs • Contributes near-term input (quarterly) for the platform product portfolio and roadmap • Makes trade-off decisions on platform product features • Uses runtime metrics of their services in market as a feedback loop in to the backlog and balances the priorities against new feature requests • Exhibits expertise within platform feature area and coordinates with interdependent teams • Digests business customer requirements (user stories, use cases) and platform requirements for a platform feature set • Has visibility into the design of the user experience • Determines release goals for the platform and prioritizes assigned features according to business and platform value, adjusting throughout implementation as needed • Continuously monitors feature development at the feature level • Reviews product demo with the development team against acceptance criteria for the feature set • Prepares launches and monitors platform performances, adoption, and operational health for feature sets • Stays aligned with GTM plans for the feature set • Identifies issues that will keep the platform features from delivering on time and/or with the desired requirements and communicates to leadership • Supports and participates in post-launch reviews and ensures feedback is reincorporated into the feature • Works with internal teams and customer service to identify, classify, and prioritize feature- level customer issues • Develops and implements new metrics into measurement techniques; works with development teams to develop reports to monitor them • Independently identifies and researches anomalous performance; escalates findings to senior management • Coordinates internal forums to collect and identify feature-level development opportunities • Owns and manages product documentation; enables self-service support and/or works to reduce overhead • Identifies feature risks from business and customer feedback and in-depth analysis of operational performance; shares with senior leadership • Establishes a network within the organization; begins to build internal and external networks • Mentoring team members • Assists with candidate selection and onboarding All About You • Obsess about delivering the best end-to-end customer experience • Own the problem space and do what it takes to design and deliver the complete product • Collaborate with peers to deliver consistent technology and experiences across our portfolio • Demonstrate sound technical and business judgment • Be able to read code (Java, C++, etc), collaborate with designers & architects, rapidly learn new technologies, and choose the right technologies and solutions • Debate the merits of options with engineers, architects, designers and business teams to drive the right trade-offs • Dive deep into the intricacies of the customers’ context, the technical code or architecture, and the operational characteristics of the product • Communicate to executives, peers, and staff with impact, eloquence, and authenticity • Ensure features and associated documentation are clear and easily consumable by other engineering teams • Demonstrated experience building organizational relationships, partnering with and influencing teams while commanding the respect of the individuals on the team • Product development or engineering experience • Experiences with Cloud, Big Data, Data Science/Analytics, Microservices are a big plus • BS/MBA in related discipline  regardsrupali[HIDDEN TEXT]"
Python Developers;CloudWiz Consulting;Mumbai, Navi Mumbai;1-10 Years;Not Specified;Python Developers Roles and Responsibilities:  • Design, develop, and operate the software solutions using Python libraries to consume, analyze, transform and publish the data and create research models related to security markets • Work as an integral part of an agile squad working towards common goals of the project Educational Qualification:  • An Engineering Degree or MCA • Certification in Financial Markets, CFA, NCFM will be a good value add Experience: • 1-5 years of experience on developing solutions on Python packages including two or more of NumPy, Scipy, Matplotlib, Scipy – Scikit, Pandas, Theano, Sklearn, PySpark • Has worked on one or more data analysis projects in last two years • Expert in SQL • Excellent communication skills – to the point. Can work with global team. • Exposure to cloud computing (preferably AWS), Hadoop, or other BigData platforms • Academic experience on NoSQL Databases, Machine learning, AI • Good to have, but not mandatory, experience on capital market projects
Artificial Intelligence Training & Jobs (Placement Assistance);Creopedia Business Intelligence Private Limited;Cochin / Kochi / Ernakulam;;Not Specified;An artificial intelligence programmer helps develop operating software that can be used for robots, artificial intelligence programs or other artificial intelligence applications. Artificial intelligence programmers also work on things like video games, facial recognition software and military weapons.
Data Scientist;Pactera Technologies India Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;5-9 Years;Not Specified;Job Description:  Participate in the design, architecture and implementation of complex, business critical features of the system. Work closely with business to identify issues and use data to propose solutions for effective decision making. Formulate the questions that will help the business and then proceed in solving them.Preferred Qualification:  Bachelor, Master or equivalent degree preferably in Statistics, Information Science, Data Science, Mathematics, Engineering or any relevant. Proven experience in Statistics or NLP. Candidate should have experience in machine learning and AI . Real-world practical experience with machine learning algorithms for classification, regression, clustering, deep learning etc. Knowledge and experience (+2 years) in technologies [R, Python]. Candidate should show be keen to learn latest technologies.
Data Scientist Data Science;Hpl Global Services Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;4-7 Years;Not Specified;Greetings from HPL Global Service..!! We have an opening for the role of Data Scientist with one of a product based MNC.. Position : Data Scientist Employment : Permanent Location : Bengaluru Experience : 4 - 6 Years Notice Period : Maximum 30 days Technical Requirements :  • MS/PhD in Computer Science or a related field • 4+ years of industry experience in data science and machine learning preferred • Expertise in Machine Learning • Strong CS fundamentals, such as algorithms and data structures • Expertise in Python • Proficiency with relational databases such as MySQL • Experience with cloud computing stacks such as Amazon Web Services preferred • Excellent written and verbal communication skills • Enthusiasm for working hard and having fun in a dynamic environment Suitable / Interested candidates send resume to - [HIDDEN TEXT] / 7338840044
Urgent requirement for WorkFusion RPA and Automation ML Analyst with US based start-up in Bangalore;Laran Technologies;Bengaluru / Bangalore;1-10 Years;Not Specified;We have an immediate requirement for WorkFusion RPA and Automation ML Analyst with a California based start up company located at Whitefiel, Bangalore. The client is a Solution Provider focused on providing meaningful solutions in specific business verticals using Robotic Process Automation and google technologies to process big data leveraging AI, ML, Insightful Analytics and Visualization tools.  The details of the JD is attached with this email. Job Description • Assess, prototype and develop automation initiatives, which will include but not limited to, creating desktop and robotic automations to efficiently retrieve data from and to applications used. • The scope of activities primarily include and not limited to, Detail design documentation, Unit test plans, Coding, SIT support and Application playbook • As a ML Data analyst, you will work with our team RPA team to do develop specific intelligent Bots such as extracting paper/pdf invoices and extracting data from the invoice into SAP • Design the intelligent automation solution and you will required being hands on with Technology. • Ability to create Functional Specifications for desired Automations • Develop ML techniques to train and learn pdf documents using OCR • Develop cognitive Bots to identify and extract data from documents, emails, and other audio/visual techniques • RPA Developer with SAP Environment is an added advantage • Must have a passion for Process Automation and Process Automation Technologies such as RPA Ability to do estimation of RPA projects, RPA proposals, RPA high-level solutions is important Skills • Good understanding of process engineering discipline. • Must hold certification(s) in Work Fusion as a ML Engineer and/or ML Data Analyst with a minimum of one year of experience using ML tools and programming techniques • QA Automation background is a plus • Needs to have a deep technical and functional knowledge of SAP purchasing and payable functions with a minimum one year of experience in customizing, configuring or implementing these specific functions • Should understand the technical impacts of applications using OCR Experience working with the AGILE methodology (Scrum/SAFe) • Excellent presentation and communication skills (to both technical and non-technical audiences, written and verbal) • Proven track record to work to strict commercial deadlines • Self-management and strong organization skills • Excellent troubleshooting and debugging skills Hands on knowledge of Development and Test processes including agile methodologies and Devops • Good understanding of application level security mechanisms and basic level understanding of network security • Track record of excellence, self-motivated, drive for results and owning your work • Organized, detail-oriented with high quality software, software development and testing processes • Curious and fast learner, hands-on approach • Independent, communicative - able to articulate findings and insights clearly, both verbally and in writing  If you find this opportunity interesting, please share word format of your resume and below details to take it forward, • Notice Period /Joining time - • Total Experience - • Relevant Experience - • Current CTC - • Expected CTC - • Current Location Look forward to your response
Computer Vision Developer;Sumeru Software Solutions Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;3-10 Years;400000-1500000;Responsibilities:  Provide leadership and mentoring to the research and development team Lead the research and development effort of advanced product-critical computer vision components features such as person tracking, pose estimation (2D & 3D), event identification based on pose and tracking data. Support overall research engineering and architecture efforts of computer vision and machine learning components. Write maintainable, reusable code, leveraging result-driven principles to develop high-quality vision and machine learning modules. Act as a mentor and subject matter expert within the computer vision group and with other key stakeholders. Review individual developers code in the team to ensure the highest code quality in Computer Vision components.Minimum requirement: 3+ years of working experience in Computer Vision Experience in leading engineering teams to product delivery Computer vision algorithms on cloud: Research, architect, and implement high- performance computer vision software in the cloud with state-of-the-art capabilities. Expert level in Python or C/C++ (programming and debugging). Experience in Deep Learning is strongly preferred with knowledge of TensorFlow, MxNet, PyTorch, or Caffe. Knowledge of parallel computing, OpenCL, CUDA, GPU is a plus. Knowledge of software optimization and memory management is a plus
Job Opportunity for Machine Learning Engineer/Data Engineer in Gurgaon Location;Access Automation Private Limited;Gurgaon / Gurugram;1-4 Years;Not Specified;Job Opportunity for Machine Learning Engineer/Data Engineer in Gurgaon Location Client : MNC Location : Gurgaon Exp: 1 to 4 yrs Mode - Permanent Notice period – 30 days Req: Machine Learning Engineer/Data Engineer 1+ years experience with data science and machine learning  2+ years overall experience working on data related problems  Strong data analysis and problem solving skills  Strong software engineering fundamentals  Experience working with large datasets If interested in the above mentioned JD, kindly revert back with your updated CV and below mentioned details to [HIDDEN TEXT]/7483199167 Total exp: Rel exp: Curr ctc: Exp ctc: NP: Regards Srilakshmi
Data scientist / Data science / Data Analyst/  Data Engineer;E-Solution India;Gurgaon / Gurugram;1-5 Years;Not Specified;Position : Data Scientist Location: Gurgaon Education: B.Tech/ MCA/ MBA/M.Tech Experience – 1-5 Years Responsibilities • Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques • Data mining using state-of-the-art methods • Extending company’s data with third party sources of information when needed • Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems • Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis • Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner • Creating automated anomaly detection systems and constant tracking of its performance If interested, send your updated resume at hrsATesolutionsindiaDOTNET . Also provide the following details 1) Current location 2) Current Salary 3) Notice Period 4) Comfortable working in Sector- 44 , Gurgaon 5) Expected Salary 6) Total number of years of experience as Data Scientist 7) Availability for F2F interview in Nov.1st Week. 8) Do you have excellent command over Microsoft Excel? 9) Do you have experience in scripting? Client of Esolutions India in cloud-based learning management platform 
Machine Learning Engineer/Data Engineer;Access Automation Private Limited;Gurgaon / Gurugram;1-4 Years;Not Specified;Hi, We have an excellent Job Opportunity for Machine Learning Engineer / Data Engineer in Gurgaon Location Client : MNC Location : Gurgaon Exp: 1 to 4 yrs Req: Machine Learning Engineer / Data Engineer 1+ years experience with data science and machine learning  2+ years overall experience working on data related problems  Strong data analysis and problem solving skills  Strong software engineering fundamentals  Experience working with large datasets If interested in the above mentioned JD, kindly revert back with your updated CV and below mentioned details to [HIDDEN TEXT]
ASPDOTNET OPEN CV CHN 04 OCT 19;BR Raysoft Global Private Limited;Chennai;5-13 Years;Not Specified;We need ASPDOTNET, WITH OPEN CV AND MACHINE LEARNING FOR US MNC AT AMMBATTUR Skill : ASPDOTNET, Open CV , Machine Learning will be Big Plus The project is for drone development Experience: 4- 12 yrs NOTICE 20 days Salary : Open Location : Ambattur , Chennai QUALIFICATION :Any Graduate 
RPA Developer with a Silicon Valley based leading IT company in Pune (Shivaji Nagar);Seventh Contact Hiring Solutions;Pune;1-3 Years;Not Specified;RPA Developer  Role and Responsibilities – Develop automation processes and configures them as per client’s requirements. Develop new processes, tasks and objects using core workflow principles. Adhere to high design and coding standards, policies and procedures. Documentation, performing unit testing and collaborating with test teams during the Product test and UAT phases. Willing to learn and getting certified in relevant RPA Technologies Job Specifications (Skill and Knowledge required) - Experience with one or more RPA technologies (Automation Anywhere, Blue Prism, UI Path) 1 - 3 years of experience in programming languages like Python, Java, DOTNET, Machine Learning, SQL and relational databases Ability to build the RPA project using various RPA tools (preferably Automation Anywhere) Experience of understanding RPA requirements and converting those into BOTs along with necessary technical & user documentation • Strong Problem-Solving and Analytical Skills Desired Knowledge of complete Technical architecture for RPA projects • Working knowledge of Automation Anywhere.
Requirement for Artificial Intelligence only for freshers;Bovzo Infotech Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;;Not Specified;Job Description: AI Engineer is a new requirement to improve efficiency of our current AI results. You will be part of a team helping chart our future AI strategy and define the problems we are solving with AI. You will help build our AI development and production infrastructure and set our technical standards.   Key Responsibilities: • Understand the business problem, challenge of existing technologies and areas of application for AI technologies. • Identify and choose right AI or cognitive computing technologies for solving problems and formulate AI recipes for development. • Develop required machine learning models or prototype applications applying formulated AI recipes and verify the problem/solution fit. • Involve in development of AI Platform and production infrastructure • Help AI team and business stakeholders understand the potential and limitations of AI when planning new products. • Formulate, implement, and validate applications of machine learning into in-house tools. • Deploy AI models into production. • Work with a team of developers and testers in a highly agile environment to produce high quality software.  Contact:Deepika: 7095107648Harika: 7095107328
Tech Lead;HST Staffing Solutions;Delhi, Noida;8-10 Years;450000-720000;We are a passionate fast-growing start-up looking for a passionate high qualified Technical person willing? to break the available technology barriers. You will be working with similar minded IT professionals to develop challenging high-quality products / applications in fast-paced environment.? If you are passionate about technologies and well-versed with translating code into an awesome user experience with enterprise level architecture, we would like to meet you. You should:? Be a self-starter and excellent team player with ability to focus on multiple projects? Possess excellent English communication skills with ability to communicate clearly to customers? Possess excellent analytical skills with a good problem-solving attitude? Have proven work experience as a Tech lead with demonstrable portfolio of at least 5-6 Enterprise Applications with high level of complexity and usage?? It is understood that you have:? A graduate/master degree in computer science or similar field? Minimum 8?yrs?of experience with sound delivery record? Solid understanding of?Design Patterns and Frameworks, Cloud Architecture? Expert level Experience in backend technologies like Java/DOTNET/PHP, Mobile Technologies?? Excellent knowledge-base to continuously augment your knowledge with latest tech trends? Complete proficiency in most of latest technologies like NODE/Agular JS, React, NOSQL, MYSQL/Oracle/SQLSERVER, Android/IOS, PYTHON, Machine Learning, Rest APIs? Been using version control (SVN, GIT, GERRIT,?GitHUB,?BitBucket)? Your responsibilities will be to:? Architecture and Design for complex projects/ product? Estimation and Solution Debug and provide solutions to complex issues? Support and work with developers, leads, UI Developer? Support the entire application lifecycle (concept, design, test, release and support)? Gather specific requirements and suggest solutions? Liaise with product development teams to plan new features? Ensure new and legacy applications meet quality standards? Research and suggest new products, applications, software and protocols? Stay up-to-date with new technology trends
AI & Cloud Computing Quality Assurance Consultants;Arocom IT Solutions Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Pune;4-8 Years;1000000-1700000;Experience: Min 4 – 8 years Location: No preference. Candidate can work from home. Compensation: Negotiable We are looking for brilliant Software Development Engineers in Test (SDET) who have the experience of working on machine learning and cloud computing projects. Software Development Engineers in Test in our team, you will work with a talented team of engineers to understand features and technical implementation, develop robust test automation framework(s) that support functional, performance, and API level testing, and help drive software development processes towards quality-centric methodologies. Job Description: • Create test plans and test cases for AWS/GCP cloud services. • Write test scripts and execute automation scripts across all functional areas. • Review product user interface for conformity to design guidelines. • Find, isolate, document and track bugs through resolution. • Interpret and report testing results, and be a vocal proponent for quality in every phase of the development process. • Leading and responsible for quality of key features. Technical Skills: Must Have: • Bachelors degree in Computer Science or similar field. • 4+ years of software development and QA test experience with black and grey box functional testing. • Experience in using Java, Python/Shell scripting languages. • Experience in designing and executing test plans. • Demonstrated expertise on black box and grey box testing methodologies. • Familiar with standard QA and development tools. • Experience in cloud computing and working with AWS services (S3, DynamoDB, EC2, ES). • Experience in production-scale software testing with ML/AI, cloud computing services/operations. • Be able to work with Architect, SDE to design features with testability. • Willing to learn and take challenges. Beneficial: • Experience on Spark / Hadoop will be added benefit • Understanding of APIs • Strong Communication skills • Independent worker • Any certification will be added advantage A day in this role: • Co-ordinating with the team on individual responsibilities and road-blocks • Demonstration of completed work • Transparently share the challenges/roadblock • Raise issues on quality of completed work Project Description: This requirement is related to a quality assurance of a platform used by data scientists from big pharmaceutical companies and data scientists from top universities to develop novel therapies for brain disorders like MDD, Alzheimer’s and Autism. Candidate will be responsible for executing test strategy to ensure that the solution meets the highest quality standards. Candidate will work independently on his/her responsibilities.
Data scientist;Emploi Globale Consulting Pvt Ltd;Bengaluru / Bangalore;3-8 Years;Not Specified;Responsibility:   · Work with business & product teams to identify high impact data science problems. · Transform the business problem into a mathematical one to leverage cutting edge techniques in machine learning and optimization. · Collaborate with engineering to deliver the resulting solution to production. Experience Range:   3 to 7 years working experience devising, delivering and owning successful data science products Skill Sets:  A graduate/master’s degree in computer science, applied statistics or a quantitative domain . Excellent knowledge of various machine learning algorithms, statistical and optimization techniques. Advanced proficiency in at-least one data science language ( Python , Scala , R). Good modelling and communication skills Experience with big data processing frameworks like Hadoop, Spark. Domain expertise in Computer vision with existing projects in the domain Prior experience in taking a data science solution to production. Willingness to execute the solution end to end instead of just modelling
Data Scientist;UVJ Technologies Private Limited;Cochin / Kochi / Ernakulam;1-4 Years;Not Specified;Years of experience: 1-4  • Sound experience in AI, Natural language processing, Machine Learning • Experience in Language Modelling, POS tagging, PCFG, Named Entity Recognition, Co-reference Resolution, Question Answering etc • Good understanding of various classification techniques such as Clustering, Logistic Regression, CRFs, MEMM, Neural Networks, SVMs, Decision Trees etc • Coding experience with Python and SQL/NoSQL databases, familiarity with Linux • Candidates with Publications in reputed conferences or journals are prefered
Job | Job Opportunities for Artificial intelligence/ Machine learning  for Bangalore;Buzzworks Business Services Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;7-16 Years;Not Specified;Excellent Communication skills Supporting multiple applications and ability to troubleshoot issues and work on their own. Skills: rabbitmq python bamboo Kubernetes knowledge ELK stack and/or Splunk Java is a plus Tomcat Experience is a plus Windows 2008-12 server  RESPONSIBILITIES o Provide level 3 support for internal and external end users for PC, server, and mainframe application problems. o Defines deliverables, costs, benefits, and ROI information. o Provide support for bid defenses and proposals. o Interact with software vendors, Infrastructure services, and/or Applications Development to restore service and/or correct core problems. o Communicate IT issues to business units at various levels of seniority. o Manage and coordinate the implementation of internal, external and off-the-shelf business applications with all ITand business groups. o Coordinate validation activities related to the deployment of business applications.
Full Stack Developer;Multi Recruit;Bengaluru / Bangalore;5-10 Years;1000000-1200000;Technical Expertise  Experience with Nodejs and Reactjs, CSS/HTML and related tools Experience using redux, graphQL, Apollo Experience with Cloud platforms like AWS and Google Cloud Experience with module-based development Able to research and identify solutions and relevant modules for implementing required functionality Willingness to learn new frameworks and technologies Experience of PostgresSQL and familiar with database concepts Familiarity with Cloud platforms, database configurations and deployments  Nice to have  Knowledge of Bitcoin, Ethereum or any other Blockchain Platform Knowledge of Smart Contracts and Solidity programming Knowledge or past experience with DNA Data analysis Knowledge or interest in encryption or cryptography
Data Science Machine Learning Engineering manager;CareerXperts Consulting;Gurgaon / Gurugram;8-10 Years;Not Specified;Data Science Machine Learning Engineering manager Data Science - Machine Learning - Engineering manager – Careerxperts Consulting Data Science Machine Learning Engineering manager We are looking for Engineering Managers to tackle difficult problems in the areas of data science and distributed systems of cloud - scale. for building a strong Engineering culture.  Experience in delivering reliable and scalable solutions for both internal and external customers on time with high quality.  Strong knowledge of software development methodologies and practices.  Solid programming skills in Java and a deep understanding of object oriented design.  A Bachelor s Degree in Computer Science with advanced degrees preferred.  Preferred Qualifications:  Experience in designing and implementing information retrieval and web mining systems  Expertise with data science, machine learning algorithms, natural language processing, computer vision  Experience with MapReduce, Spark, Hive and Scala.
Software Product Engineer;I-Peritus Solutions & Services Private Limited;Mumbai City;2-4 Years;Not Specified;JOB PROFILE The job involves working in the Software Product Engineering team in development of cutting-edge applications for the global fintech industry. As a Software Product Engineer, you would work, both as a part of the IPeritus Product Engineering team and our Client’s Software Development teams. You would need to have minimum 2-4 years of experience in Software Engineering across all popular platforms, including PHP, Python and Microsoft DOTNET and databases like MongoDB, MySQL, Oracle and MS SQL. You should also be proficient in the use of several full stack Javascript tools lie ReactJS-Express, NodeJS and AngularJS and have solid experience in building User Experience workflows. As a part of the Product Engineering team at IPeritus you would work in building financial products integrating data, analytics, AI and Machine Learning, and ensuring the products we deliver have the best engineering in it’s class and highest standards of quality. IPeritus is currently engaged in developing state of art Capital Market platform, which uses financial information published by companies to build rich ratios and analytics highlighting performance. The team is also engaged in using AI/Machine learning to develop superior insights and decision support for Asset Managers. IPeritus has around 13 years in the Global Structured Finance Industry, working on risk analysis, scenario modeling and pricing of assets. We are developing proprietary Intellectual property based on our domain knowledge and global experience. IPeritus is also engaged with clients providing Software Product Engineering capabilities in building platforms, applications and modules for their specific needs. The Software Product Engineer should have 2-4 years of experience in in application development projects. The Software Product Engineer, should be able to demonstrate use and implementation of development tools and should have worked in both the Waterfall and Agile Development environment. The Software Product Engineer should have process orientation, engineering competency and ability to work with minimal supervision and deliver quality output. The Software Product Engineer should be well versed with coding standards, quality and testing approaches. The Engineer would work closely with IPeritus QA & Testing teams to ensure the products designed and engineered have ZERO quality issues. Finally we are looking for candidates, who are passionate about technology and designing, engineering and building world class product that are high on quality. We offer growth in knowledge domains, operational domain and have a competitive salary and reward matrix. If this is of interest to you, please read in on the responsibilities highlighted below, which are not all encompassing, but the core which all our Software Product Engineers possess. The responsibilities of Software Product Engineer covers the following 1. Operations 1. Participate in the Engineering and Development of Financial and Analytics platforms for the Cloud, with Browsers, Mobile and Desktop applications 2. Participate with the IPeritus & Client Business Analyst team in identifying possible constraints and problem areas and engineering solutions for the same 3. Participate in working with the IPeritus QA & Testing Team in design and testing of the application 4. Participate in understanding the scope of the application, user needs, usage environment, user profiles, user interaction with the system, objective of the platform, quality rationale and development schedule 5. Participate in testing the code, functions, modules, functionalities and application 6. Ensure timeliness, quality and efficiency while meeting production milestones and targets 7. Strong skills in the following areas 8. PHP, Python, CSharp,  DOTNET 9. Node.js 10. Express 11. ReactJs 12. AngularJS 13. Big data platform like MongoDB 14. Databases like MySQL, MariaDB, Oracle, MS SQL 15. Git/Bitbucket 16. Proactive and Periodic Reporting to Team and Senior Management 17. Team leadership skills, where such roles have been performed previously 18. Participate in client interactions and manage or support managing client engagements where required 19. Manage customer feedback programs and report on them to management and business teams 20. Domain Expert 21. Be the primary resource in the Software Engineering team for the skills mentioned above 22. Assist in identifying emerging technologies, learning and training other team members on the same Qualifications  1. Should have over 2-4 years of experience in Software Engineering 2. Minimum two years of experience in the skills mentioned in the role are CRITICAL, with exposure to other such tools is desirable 3. Possess strong analytical and problem solving skills 4. Good communication skills - both spoken and written 5. Advanced Degree,  (Engineering, Computer Science) 6. Should be from top-tier Universities/Institutes from India or overseas. 7. Should enjoy Software Engineering and demonstrate self-learning capabilities 8. Demonstrate ability to work proactively and independently as part of product development teams 9. Strong communicator with good writing skills 10. Strong reading skills with interest in diverse topics and domains 11. Team player with ability to work with small independent teams 12. Demonstrate ability to work proactively, long hours and independently 13. Experience in Fintech would be a big plus
RPA Developer / Sr. Developer / Lead / Architect;2COMS Consulting Private Limited;Chennai;2-12 Years;550000-1500000;Description The RPA consultant will be part of a dynamic team providing solutions to various client problems on RPA. As an RPA thought leader, the consultant will assist clients to achieve the benefits of process automation. Additionally, the consultant will contribute to the growth of the RPA Advisory practice by creating service offerings. PRIMARY SKILLS: Have in-depth knowledge of RPA Blue Prism / UiPath / Automation Anywhere tool across and have broad knowledge of all RPA tool capabilities Knowledge of AI integration into RPA will be an added advantage Should have hands on development experience in any of Automation anywhere/ Blue Prism / UI Path RPA tools Proven technical experience in an IT programming development environment, ideally in Automation Anywhere/ Blue Prism / UI Path/ Work Fusion Hands on development experience in any of the programming languages/platforms DOTNET / VB / VC++ / C++/J2EE/ Testing. Experience in Microsoft stack is highly preferred. Experience in new development projects is highly preferred. ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES: Define and own RPA Strategy for an enterprise and communicate it effectively to CxO level client stakeholders Work with internal/external process owners/SMEs to perform RPA Opportunity analysis and recommend Automation solutions Provide business case justification for RPA and establish proof of value to the client Create architecture blueprints and solution design artifacts in technology consulting engagements Act as an RPA technology champion who can assess client business & IT landscape to recommend the appropriate tool set Perform Proof of Concept (PoCs) using leading RPA tools and establish proof of technology Develop RPA service offerings, Participate in pre-sales activities like RFP responses, capability preparation etc.
SAP MIS & Analytics Architect/Doha;Hyper Think Systems Private Limited;Qatar;4-14 Years;Not Specified;Job Type: Contract Contract Duration: 1 Year & Extendable Client: Banking Sector Location : Doha Experience working with teams during full cycle projects (requirements, blueprint, development, deployment and Support) for all the specialties commented. Experience with Data Governance, Data Quality, Data Lineage, and Enterprise Data Warehousing concepts and implementation. Experience in SAP Data-Hub: Experience in SAP Hana Tools: - Native modelling & Development. - Administration. - SAP Vora. Experience in Business Objects and Dash-Boarding Tools: - SAP Lumira. - SAP Business Objects: Reporting and Dash-boarding with different tools (Webi, Desing  Studio, Analysis for Office and BO Explorer). - SAP Digital Board Room. Experience in SAP Cloud Technologies: - SAP SCP (SAP Cloud Platform). - SAP Analytics Cloud (SAC). Experience in Machine Learning tools: - SAP Data Intelligence. - SAP Predictive Analytics: SAP Predictive Analysis, Infinite Insight, Hana PAL and R. Experience in ETL: - ETL: Data provisioning with SAP LT, SAP BO Data services. Experience in Big Data Technologies: - Hadoop. - Spark. -GreenPlum.  Candidates with above mentioned expertise, please share your resume with [HIDDEN TEXT]
Analytics Statistics - Human Resource;Apidel Technologies Private Limited;Pune;6-10 Years;2400000-3500000;We are looking for consultant who can review data and summarise data and building analytical models based on given business need in HR Domain. Skill:  - A strong passion for analysis and ability to answer problems using appropriate statistical techniques on available data to provide inputs to the business users. - Exceptional analytical skills, proficiency in hands-on analytical model development. - Experience of working on advanced techniques like Regression (Multiple/linear/logistic), Survival Analysis, Decision Tree, Clustering and Segmentation, Econometric and Statistical Analysis Techniques - Exposure to SAS tools like SAS EG (base and advanced SAS), SAS Enterprise Miner, R or SPSS. - Strong communications and relationship building skills with an ability to develop and deliver effective presentations Other:  - 5+ experience years in Data/Advanced Analytics field with strong knowledge of statistics. - Must have worked on SAS, R and matlab tools. - Background in Advance Analytics or decision sciences. Education:  The ideal candidate should be Masters in Statistics/Operations Research/Mathematics graduate from a reputed institute. OR B Tech + MBA from top tier institutes with strong quantitative background.
Sr.Software Engineer;MS Jobskonnect.com India Private Limited;Delhi;5-10 Years;500000-1000000;Senior Engineer : Python, nosql, php Job Description • Senior Engineer to work in Data Analytics vertical to build the product-line. • Core technologies include –Python, NoSQL database system, AWS • While different product has their own tech stack, candidate is expected to know multi-technology such as microservices, php, MySQL, MongoDB, Angular, react, • 5+ years of experience • Have experience in building big data application from ground zero. • Team leading experience Responsibilities: • Key person in providing solution and development of products around Big Data. • Perform hands-on architecture, design, development of system on data science, python, noSQL, PaaS, AWS etc. • Experience in designing and managing data storage, data movement, data integration using AWS(preferred) /Google cloud / Azure • Function as senior member of Agile team to drive and deliver product. • Develop, evaluate and improve internal tools and processes. Qualifications • B.Tech/ BE in CS/ ITor equivalent qualifications. • Strong Fundamentals of Data Structures and Algorithms • Strong hands- on experience in Python • Experience in SQL (MYSQL) & NoSQL (Mongo/ Cassandra) databases is must. • Experience in Hadoop, Kafka, Spark will be plus. • Good understanding of SOA • Experience in developing products based on Big Data, Machine Learning etc. • Agile project planning and project management skills • Domain knowledge/expertise (Auto) is preferred though not mandatory.
UX / frontend developer;Myraa Technologies;Mangalore, Navi Mumbai;0-3 Years;200000-600000;Responsibilities include: 1. Ensure the technical feasibility of UI/UX designs 2. Develop UX Structure for Applications 3. Liaise with Backend & Research Team, visualise applications 4. Write frontend code and integrate APIs, Cloud Setups. 5. Working on Front end development that showcases AI & blockchain products 6. Hands-on product development on our Machine Learning Products. 7. Manage our live products UX & improvisations . 8. Maintain Company Dashboards of AI Research.9. Maintain algorithmic and code sanity for performance oriented snippets. 10. Affinity to explore new packages & write source codes towards package developments . 11. Real time data rendering with low latency.
Immediate openings for Machine Learning Developer one of our best client;null;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;6-8 Years;Not Specified;Qualification: B.Tech/M.C.A/M.Tech Location: Hyderabad Permanent. Notice Period: 15 Days or Immediate (Preferrable). Experience: 6+ YearsKey Skill: Machine Learning & Computer Vision   Roles and Responsibilities: 1) Responsible for building production class deep learning models applied to computer vision problems 2) Design and development of end-to-end machine learning pipeline including data extraction, automated labeling, training of deep learning model and deployment 3) Build efficient, testable, and reusable modules 4) Contribute in the overall ML cycle – guiding the data curation team and training the models 5) Troubleshoot, test and maintain the core product software to ensure strong optimization and functionality 6) Solve complex computer vision challenges and performance problems 7) Use the right statistical measures and assess the model’s performance Skills Required: 1) 6+ years of overall experience with at least 3+ years of hands-on experience in Computer Vision 2) Extensive experience in image processing techniques using OpenCV 3) Deep hands-on experience in Darknet and TensorFlow 4) Proficient in Python 5) Experience in GPU acceleration and Awareness of latest research/advances in the Computer Vision field and ability to apply them 6) Experience working in a Linux environment 7) Good knowledge of statistics relevant to Deep Learning and ability to assess model performance 8) Experience in CUDA programming, PyTorch, Caffe, MATLAB, C/C++/Java desirable
Openings for Software Developer – Freshers - Hyderabad;Achyutas Soft Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Designation :- Software Developer / Software Engineer (Male Candidates Only) Experience Required :- 0- 6 months ( strictly freshers) Work Location :- JNTU, Hyderabad Skills :- Java, Swift, PHP, MySql, HTML, CSS, jQuery,  Angular Js, React Js, Vue Js, Node Js, Express Js, DOTNET, CSharp, python, Django , Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, RPA etc ( Any Programming Languages) Qualification:- BE, B.Tech, MCA, M.Tech, M.Sc ( Strictly 2018-2019) Description :- • We are looking for a passionate, hard-working, and talented Software Development Engineer. • Candidate must have good written and oral communication skills, be a fast learner and have the ability to adapt quickly to a fast-paced development environment. • Should possess good knowledge on any programming language. • Should be logical thinking. • If you got selected we provide INTERNSHIP for 3 Months.  • After 3 Months INTERNSHIP there will be a Technical Round, If you get selected will hire you as a permanent Employee
AI Architect;Pactera Technologies India Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;9-14 Years;Not Specified;Responsibilities :- An AI architect will be expected to deliver tangible solutions for the clients they work with as well as being capable of creating and maintaining architecture using leading AI technology frameworks. They will need to understand client needs and be able to translate these into business solutions that they can implement. Therefore, the role of an AI architect is vital to any AI or machine-learning strand within a business. The AI architect is like the chief data scientist, planning the implementation of solutions, choosing the right technologies and evaluating the evolution of the architecture as the clients needs change. AI architects must analyse data to inform their decisions - to be able to correctly do this, they need to have a deep understanding of AI applications as well as the specific infrastructure theyre working with. They also need to manage the architecture based on restrictions, conflicting requirements and any other limitations they may be faced with. These are all very specific judgement calls that only the most senior AI professionals with the right expertise would be able to make. Skills Required :-  Excellent analytical, project management, problem-solving and communication skills. Advanced knowledge of a number of programming languages, with some roles calling for fluency in certain languages, such as Python.
Data Analyst;Vashi Electricals Private Limited;Mumbai;4-9 Years;Not Specified;Data Analyst exp with Algorithms in predictive modelling, Inventory mapping etcLike Lead Conversion 2. Inventory Forecast 3. Collection 4. Attrition etc. Skills and Experience Data Analyst with minimum 4 yrs of experience who has worked on algorithms TOOLS Tools & Data Management (Intro to Excel, R / Python, SQL) Data Inspection and Pre-Processing Techniques (using R / Python) Descriptive Analytics - Data Visualization (using Tableau or Python or R) ALGORITHMS Predictive Analytics Regression (Linear / NonLinear / Logistic) Classification Time Series analysis Text Analytics Social Network Analysis Clustering Prescriptive Analytics Simulation (using Excel) Optimisation (using Excel) Big Data / ML Big Data Big data technologies, Machine Learning & Artificial Intelligence
Engineering Manager-Data Science and Machine Learning;Flexi Careers India Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;15-20 Years;Not Specified;PhD/Masters/Bachelors in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, or related disciplines. • 5+ years of experience in software engineering or DevOps automation or data engineering • Excellent understanding of software
Technology Lead;Burgeon It Services Pty Ltd;Bhubaneswar;5-10 Years;Not Specified;Experience in Batch Data Processing using Spark Scala programming, File Data Transfers Deep experience in data modeling, data analysis and database design in Distributed Database platforms such as Cassandra Experience in working with Advanced data analysis skills including advanced SQL query capabilities Experience building real time or near real time BI solutions preferably using Druid Superset. Experience in working on Java Python Experience in Machine Learning Model Lifecycle and spinning off the Model Environments ondemand
Devops Engineer;Managed Staffing;Bengaluru / Bangalore;5-9 Years;Not Specified;Devops Profiles with GCP, AI, ML, Python or Javascript or JSON(scripting) Ansible highly preferred Any related certification  experience with hands-on technical experience and system designs.Achieved cloud certifications such as AWS Certified Developer, SysOps, and Solution Architect (preferred).
Trainer;Global Management And Services;Pune, Mumbai City;12-22 Years;Not Specified;Blockchain    Basics -     Use Cases ,      AI/ML     Basics,  Business acumen. From IT to finance, procurement to mailroom, blockchain will have an impact on every organisational role. ... Tech literacy. Knowing the cloud, protocols, consensus, ERPs and networks arent enough. ... Data analysis. One of blockchains greatest benefits is data. ... Hacker mentality.
Data Scientist;TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;10-15 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Job Requirements We are looking for a 10+ years of candidate with relevant 1-2 years technical solid experience in Artificial Intelligence / Machine LearningMust have experience with Python, TensorFlow, Keras,  understanding of Data Structures, Algorithms & Object-Oriented design conceptsThis role is all about delivering practical AI pilots in a business environment and is less about developing the theory 2+ years of experience with Machine Learning, Statistical Models, and Natural Language Processing Experience with Python, TensorFlow, Keras, understanding of Data Structures, Algorithms & Object-Oriented design concepts Excellent academic qualifications is essential with a strong preference for a post graduate qualification
Python / backend developer;Myraa Technologies;Mangalore, Navi Mumbai;0-3 Years;200000-600000;Responsibilities include: 1. Write back end code and APIs, maintain the database and cache. 2. Working on back end development that showcases AI & block chain products 3. Hands-on product development on our Machine Learning Products. 4. Manage our live products & improvisations 5. Maintain algorithmic and code sanity for performance oriented snippets. 6. Affinity to explore new packages & write source codes towards package developments 7. Real time data services with low latency 8. Data Management, Worker Queues, Redis, Databases 9. Experience with database schema design and SQL.
Development Lead - AI/ML/DL in Noida / Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning / Deep Learning;Quess Corp Limited;Noida;5-10 Years;1500000-2500000;Skills & Competencies • Candidates must have experience in developing Machine learning, Text extraction, Image processing . • In-depth knowledge of machine learning, text extraction and image processing techniques. • Experience in developing machine learning, text extraction and image processing algorithms, and optimizing the existing algorithms. • Coding experience in C/C++, Python, Tensorflow, CUDA toolkit, CuDNN, Theano, Caffe, Torch, OpenCV or similar tools. • Takes ownership of self-professional development • The desired candidate should be a quick thinker and should have a track record of high performance product development. Additionally, the candidate should be innovative, dedicated and result oriented.
Engineering Manager, Machine Learning;Star5 Solutions;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Hyderabad / Secunderabad;5-10 Years;2520000-4200000;achievements. One particular challenge you will take on is conducting research using data consisting of over 1 billion image and text items on Company. You will also conduct research and experiments at high speeds, developing an independent ML platform to allow for the release of a stable model. ?Details ?Maximizing AI/ML team members’ output and encouraging career growth ?Creating strategies for keeping up with the latest trends in AI/ML fields ?Providing communication and feedback to engineers through quarterly evaluations and goal-setting, as well as through periodic 1-on-1 meetings ?Keeping engineers’ career goals in mind and providing them with assignments that will help them achieve success ?Assigning members to projects and providing any necessary communication support ?Hiring, training, and conducting PR activities to scale the engineering team Requirements ?Minimum Requirements ?Professional knowledge of AI/ML (with specialization in at least one field such as image recognition or natural language processing) ?Hands-on experience with ML modeling or development experience with ML systems ?Experience as a manager for engineers or researchers ?English communication abilities ? Preferred ?Experience writing articles/theses in AI/ML fields ?Experience creating ML models using large-scale data ?Experience training AI/ML engineers and/or researchers ?Experience hiring AI/ML engineers and/or researchers ?Japanese communications abilities ?Our Ideal Candidate ?Service-oriented with a desire to use AI/ML to provide users with a fun and memorable experience ?Excited to take on new challenges and break out of existing methods ?Able to communicate proactively in a global environment ?Excited to experience personal growth and the growth of team members
Risk Analyst;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Mumbai;3-6 Years;850000-1550000;Job Description We are looking for Risk Analysts with good knowledge of Model Development &/ or Validation related to risk for consumers. The candidate should also be knowledgeable in machine learning to help us extract value from our data. You will lead all the processes from data collection, cleaning, and preprocessing, to training models and deploying them to production. The ideal candidate should have a good grasp of concepts pertaining to credit risk and be passionate about machine learning and stay up-to-date with the latest developments in the field. Key Areas of Responsibility ? Use of Statistical/ Predictive modeling techniques for credit risk ? Solid analytical & problem-solving skills ? Ability to isolate & solve issues using large amounts of data ? Strong understanding of financial loan system(s) & credit products ? Strong conceptual & technical knowledge of risk concepts & quantitative modeling techniques Skills & Experience ? 3 plus years’ experience in a Risk Analyst/ Statistician role ? Ability to develop & validate statistical models for assessing risk involved in extending credit (PD, LGD, EAD, Loss Forecasting, Stress Testing, ALLL) ? Understanding of consumer credit risk management, Credit Profit & Loss Drivers preferred ? Experience of applying machine learning techniques like support vector machines, logistic and linear regression, gradient boosting method, Neural Networks, KNN etc., is a strong plus ? Active participant in the quantitative analytical processes for credit risk. Ensure regular production of analytical work & reports. ?  Act as an important contact for credit risk models with Internal stakeholders ? Have ability to search/source right information from relevant sources ? Works with senior team members to evaluate existing processes in relation to corporate objectives & industry leading practices. Assess development needs & manage process to achieve desired future state ? Prior experience in banking or NBFC (credit cards or personal loan) will be a plus ? Expert level knowledge of analytical tools like R/ Python/ Advanced Excel Please contact R. ChandraShekar @ 9533601953
Data Scientist with AI (Job Code : J41405);Sampoorna Consultants Private Limited;Chennai, Pune;13-20 Years;Not Specified;Our client is looking for AI specialist who had worked as a Data Scientist. Candidates should be willing to relocate either to Chennai or Pune. Should possess 13-22 years of experience Should be an AI practitioner and hands on techie Should have used Data science toolkits Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms Excellent academic background. Interested candidates  call me at 9841042874 -Kannan
Senior Director of Artificial Intelligence & Modeling;Mulya Consulting;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;14-24 Years;Not Specified;"Location : Hyderabad This position is a permanent position with our client (US Based Semiconductor Product Company with revenue more than 30 Billion USD) Our client is a world leader (Top5 Semicon Company in 2018) in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. They have over 34,000 team members in 17 countries who work with the worlds most trusted brands, delivering memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications and sparking countless possibilities in technology Senior Director, Modeling & Artificial Intelligence Our clients vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life and our dedication to people, innovation, tenacity, partnership, and customer focus allows us to fulfill our mission to be a global leader in memory and storage solutions. This means conducting business with integrity, accountability, and collaboration while supporting our global community. As Director / Senior Director, Modeling & Artificial Intelligence, you will define and drive the vision for digital process technology development . You will form a team of experienced and new college graduate hires in the areas of Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Data Analytics, Physics based modeling, and Semiconductor device structural modeling expertise.  Ph.D. With over 15 years of work experience 10+ years in modeling and data analytics Understanding of broad range of topics. Managed over 20 people for at least 5 years Proven track record in forming and building successful teams from scratch We are looking for a senior experienced leader with a proven track record and demonstrated ability to attract, hire and retain top talent. You will be comfortable working in a dynamic, iterative environment that also affords the stability of a global, well-established and competitive technology company. The team will have two main focus areas: Enabling structural, stress, and physics based modeling to advance process technology development at faster pace. This approach will utilize significant modeling skills and Using vast streams of data (mostly unstructured) and developing process intelligence around these data streams to help process, equipment, and device engineers develop semiconductor solutions faster. You will take a broad focus to the smart technology development initiatives exploring capabilities with artificial intelligence, advanced analytics, cognitive computing, machine learning etc. Primary Responsibilities Include: Set and execute a vision for the smart process technology development ecosystem using modeling and data analytics Explore methods and solutions using artificial intelligence, advanced analytics, cognitive computing, and Physics based modeling, etc. to deliver impact across the development and manufacturing enterprise. Lead internal Big Data and Analytics team in technology development to drive overall enterprise value Partner with manufacturing and process/integration engineering teams to identify capabilities that impact yield, quality and throughput; Identify solutions to optimize. Requirements PhD., Masters or Bachelors degree in an Engineering or Science discipline. At least 5-10 years of related experience in senior management positions with excellent knowledge in modeling and data analytics Proven track record in forming and building successful teams from scratch Demonstrated ability as an excellent mentor, team builder and motivator. Demonstrated leadership ability to empower each team member to drive decisions to the appropriate level within the organization. Collaborate with other teams inside and outside the organization to develop highly effective working relationships Develop and lead team member performance, including planning, training, mentoring, rewarding, promoting teamwork, and developing leadership Provide guidance on people strategies to attract, retain and reward talent and effectively deploy them to maximize every individuals potential. This position will be located in Hyderabad, India. Preferred Skills: Ambitious, with a growth mindset and strong dedication to identify and implement improvement opportunities Strong analytical skills Excellent written and verbal English-language communication and presentation skills Proven ability to perform in an environment characterized by volatility, uncertainty, complexity, and ambiguity (VUCA) Strong influencing skills and the ability to build strong interpersonal relationships Demonstrated capability to build highly effective and engaged teams About Us As the leader in creative memory solutions, our client is helping the world make sense of data by delivering technology that is transforming how the world uses information. Through our global brands we offer the industrys broadest portfolio. We are the only company manufacturing todays major memory and storage technologies: DRAM, NAND, NOR and 3D XPoint memory. Our solutions are purpose built to use the value of data to unlock financial insights, accelerate scientific breakthroughs and improve communication around the world. Contact: Uday Bhaskar Mulya Technologies  Mining the Knowledge Community Email id : [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Internship;Quess Corp Limited;Chennai;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Dear Candidate, We are looking for candidates who had completed or Pursuing Machine learning Certification. This is for one of our client in Chennai Shortlisted candidates will have an F2F interview on next week. Experience: 0 - 1Stiphend: 10-13KLocation: Chennai Regards,Madhu Bala Gopalakrishnan
Senior data scientist;Multi Recruit;Bengaluru / Bangalore;3-7 Years;900000-1800000;"1. Core Data Scientist (Machine learning) –  Scikit-learn, pandas and other python data sciences libraries  deep coding skills in python for data scrapping and munging  detailed understanding of basic algorithms (Dtrees, Bayesian, Knn etc) and working level understanding of advanced algorithms XGB, Catboost, lightGBM etc  good understanding of fundamentals of statistics and math behind the machine learning algorithms  good understanding of python cross validation, grid search, stacking etc  working level understanding of big data ecosystem HDFS ecosystem 2. Core Deep learning & Image classification –   Good track record in one of the following areas:  Object recognition, Visual tracking, Interactive image/video processing, CNNs, RNNs and other deep learning approaches  Strong background in advanced C++ software development for Computer Vision applications Handling of large video data Interactive image/video processing  Software architecture and design concepts Entrepreneurial skills/experienceWork experience in any one of the following domains would be an added advantage: Computer aided Manufacturing Automotive systems Surveillance systems  Research and develop computer vision algorithms and systems in image/video processing.   Conduct cutting edge technologies to practical problems such as detection/recognition/tracking over body/face/car; .   Implement perception algorithms for object detection, tracking and classification. Implement sensor network algorithms from different perception sources.  Develop the whole cycle of product, including exploration, research, design, development and productization  3. NLP –  Deliver a commercially deployable platform that provides an intuitive collaboration solution targeted at enterprise customers  Use NLP and ML techniques to bring order to unstructured data  Experience in extracting signal from noise in large unstructured datasets a plus  Work within the Engineering Team to design, code, train, test, deploy and iterate on enterprise scale machine learning systems  Work alongside an excellent, cross-functional team across Engineering, and Product."
LTI Hiring Python Developers on 14th September - Pune;Larsen & Toubro Infotech  Ltd.;Mumbai, Pune;5-9 Years;400000-1200000;Job Description Send me Jobs like this Greetings from L&T InfoTech ! ! ! We are looking for Python Developers. Designation: Developers / Lead / Architect Experience: 5 - 9 Yrs Job Location: Pune Interview Location: Pune on 14th September Job Description:- Minimum 5+ years of IT experience Minimum 3+ years of experience in Python development with Machine Learning Back ground Minimum 2+ years of experience in Django or Flask frameworks Experience in RASA NLU is added advantage. Good communication and stakeholder management skills. Experience in SQL Good to have : Talend experience Any form of SQL will work Oracle , SQL Server, TD etc. Interested candidates need to come for F2F discussion on 14th Sept Saturday in Pune location. Kindly refer your friends or Colleagues too. Please share the updated CV to [HIDDEN TEXT] with below filled in details: Name: Phone: Email ID: Current Org: Total Exp: Exp in Python: Exp in Machine learning: CTC: ECTC: Official NP: Current Location: Preferred Locations: Available for F2F on 14th Sept Saturday in Pune Location: (Yes / No): Regards, Udaya TA Team - LTI
Data Analytics BI Champion (Job Code : J42085);Sampoorna Consultants Private Limited;Mumbai;4-7 Years;Not Specified;- Has worked extensively on data and can use data to identify and solve problems - Design and implement the analytics framework, set up analytic systems and processes - Build an understanding of how product analytics connects to business strategy and product strategy. How analysts can effectively partner with product teams to build data-driven roadmaps - Be an advocate for data-driven everything with the ability to focus on the big picture takeaways of any analysis while being able to speak to the underlying details - Prior experience of having worked in consulting/analytics environment -This role is for hands-on strategic advisory with a mindset of AI driven innovation in different platforms with new and emerging techniques. - Champion innovation to manage an advanced analytics team in a large scale environment who architects the deployment of new generation analytic tools and techniques by using traditional and new sources of data particularly in the Next Gen and Digital space - Have the ability to be able to work with complex cross functional teams/ should be able to influence cross functional teams -Should have the experience of managing healthy conflicts and drive people towards the customer goals and organization priorities - Should be data obsessed. Derive insights from data and use the same for product improvements and iterations. Also educate cross functional teams with actionable derived from deep data insight - Use analytics as a source of competitive differentiation, improving business decision making and customer experience - Use a variety of legacy and emerging analytic techniques incorporating supervised and unsupervised methods to be deployed in business decisions - Strong problem-solving and presentation skills, with the ability to interface directly with business leadership - Work closely with clients to turn data into critical information and knowledge that can be used to solve key use cases - Act as a creative thinker to the organization and propose new ways to look at problems by using data and available information (e.g. with predictive modeling, machine learning, etc.) presenting back their findings to the business by sharing their assumptions and validation - Oversee a team that builds, tests, and analyzes data models, artificial intelligence, machine learning tools, to enhance user experience, customer service, and product innovation
Product Architect;Eyeglobal Solutions Private Limited;Pune;15-20 Years;2500000-3500000;Position- Product Architect-AI  Product Solutioning to various key clients • Architected and Built Multiple products to market • Big data, AI, NLP • Team contributor • 15 + yrs experience, • True Architecture • Machine Learning • Sign off authority across product line  If interested, kindly revert back with your confirmation and following details: Current CTC: Expected CTC: Current Location: Notice Period: (if serving notice period, mention LWD and offer amount): Reason for job change:
Assistant Professor;MNR Solutions Private Limited;Kolkata;0-5 Years;Not Specified;1. Deliver industry relevant courses as per university guidelines/norms 2. Deliver courses as per the method 3. Take complete ownership of the course delivery in a semester for the assigned courses 4. Awareness and implementation of Outcome-Based Education (OBE) in the course and program context. 5. Mentor/guide students in completing the project work and case study 6. Update, Track and monitor student attendance and performance on the platform
Data Science;TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;8-12 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Experience Data scientist , Good exposure on ML/AI, R Python with Admin.
Full stack developer;Multi Recruit;Bengaluru / Bangalore;2-6 Years;1400000-1600000;Skills and Expectations  Strong knowledge of building scalable and secure NodeJS APIs using ExpressJS/LoopbackJS. Strong experience in building smooth UI/UX workflows to satisfy the business requirements. Also having knowledge about material design is nice to have. Strong knowledge in NodeJS, Object-Oriented programming, SDLC (Software development Life cycle). We should be able to write both synchronous and asynchronous code using NodeJS. Must be proficient in Version control system like GIT. Experience is creating CI/CD pipelines using Azure DevOps Tools for deployment. Experience with working on Red Hat Linux based servers. Oracle 12c knowledge is a must. I should have knowledge on how ORMs work when working with API and Database. Having Angular 7 knowledge is a bonus and calls for extra points. Must have experience in designing a database schema for any given problem statement. Hands-on experience in developing a serverless architecture is a must. Knowledge in deployment using Docker is a must. Having knowledge about Docker Swarm is nice to have. Should be able to understand and write Python code as well. Experience in dealing with third party APIs like Google Maps considering rate limits is
Data Scientist;TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;10-12 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Job Descriptions-  Total 10+, Relevant should be 2 to 5 into Data science.
RPA Developer with a Silicon Valley based leading IT company in Shivaji Nagar, Pune;Seventh Contact Hiring Solutions;Pune;1-4 Years;Not Specified;• Experience with Automation Anywhere of RPA technology • 1 - 4 years of experience in programming languages like Python, Java, DOTNET, Machine Learning, SQL and relational databases(good to have) • Ability to build the RPA project using various RPA tools (preferably Automation Anywhere) • Experience of understanding RPA requirements and converting those into BOTs along with necessary technical & user documentation. • Strong Problem-Solving and Analytical Skills Desired • Knowledge of complete Technical architecture for RPA projects. • AA certification.
PHP Developer / software developer / software engineer / software programmer / software consultant;Detrans Solutions LLP;Bengaluru / Bangalore;2-8 Years;Not Specified;"Responsibilities You capture business needs into object-oriented models Good knowledge of SQL and Relational Databases Cooperate closely with Data, Marketing and BI teams inside squads to build and integrate Data-centric products into the backend, e.g. machine learning end-points or recommendation engines. You have a good knowledge of object-oriented programming and design patterns Knowledge of Symfony is a plus Your profile: You are a fast learner, with a degree in software engineering or related fields. You can program object-oriented fluently; knowledge about domain-driven design is a plus. You have deep knowledge of one or more backend languages, e.g. PHP, Python, NodeJS, Java or Go. You have experience in building large-scale software solutions, with an eye on performance and security. You own your tasks and are comfortable working in a fast-paced environment within small and talented teams. You have excellent spoken and written communication skills in English; German being an advantage."
Immediate openings for Data Annotations with Top MNC Companies.;Inspiration Manpower Consultancy Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;5-8 Years;Not Specified;Designation: Technical Lead Engineer. Total Experience: 5 – 8 years. Role: Permanent Location: Bangalore. Technical skills and experience: ? An overall experience of 4 – 6 years and ADAS & AD experience is must. ? Techno-Functional Experience in Data Annotation & Labelling projects ? Hands on Experience in Process Development, Implementation and Optimization of the existing processes. ? Hands on Experience in Requirements & Configuration Management. ? Functional Expertise in ADAS Features (ACC, AEB, FCW, BSD, LDS, Automatic Parking, DMS…) ? Knowledge of Image Processing, Radar & LiDAR Data handling, Machine Learning & Deep Learning algorithms. ? Programming background in any of the languages (preferred ones: Python, Java). ? Hands on Experience in Tools Development. Job Description: ? The resource will front-end on Technical & Functional Front with the Suppliers, Counterparts and Customers. ? The resource will be responsible for Quality, Validation and Acceptance of the ‘Deliverables’ from the Suppliers. ? The resource will be responsible for understanding, Flowing-down and Management of the Customer Requirements. ? The resource will work closely with Suppliers’ technical team to address any of their issues, update them on any changes, keep track of the changes. ? The resource will be responsible to collect various Technical and Management Metrics on a daily/weekly/monthly basis. ? The resource will contribute on automating the ‘Deliverables Validation’ process by bringing down the manual intervention to the minimum. Soft Skills: ? Excellent with both Written and Verbal English. ? Eager to take initiatives and come-up with innovative ideas. ? Ability to work on parallel activities.
Graphic Designer Executive;Syn Creations;Delhi;0-2 Years;20000-20000;You should know all graphic softwares like Photoshop, Corel Draw, AI etc.We have worked for many famous companys like Mother Dairy, Dalda, Gagan, Chambal, Dairy Fun, Cream Bell etc.So you have to made poster, banner, certificates, wobbler, shelf strip etc.At the moment of interview the interviewer will tell you all details.
Data analysis engineer;Kashish Kumar (proprietor of Small world);Japan;3-10 Years;3400000-5500000;Job Description ? Definition of business index data, data maintenance, report development, online Construction of data monitoring and analysis system ? Analyze daily traffic and user behavior, optimize products and operations ? Regular data analysis report (contents of new functions / module effects of APP) Analysis, analysis of large promotion activities, optimization of shopping mall sales Suggestions) ? Mining core business data, summarizing user characteristics and behavior patterns To support further development of business ? Extraction of important information of medical field texts / extraction of semantic items / Solving the problem of understanding shallow meaning ? Exploration of knowledge and know-how from previous experiences, as well as acupuncture methods of traditional problems such as text clustering and text field classification using new technologies and methods. ? Deep Learning Learns applications in the field of natural language processing and realizes effective deep learning models ? Construction of practical tools for machine learning and excavation of text data Eligibility (required) ? Experience implementing more complicated machine learning optimization algorithms such as random gradient descent ? Parallelization experience or skill: Hadoop, Spark, MapReduce ? Familiar with graphical models such as LDA ? Familiar with NLP-related applications: Named entity recognition, parsing, semantic networks, knowledge bases, etc. ? Familiar with deep learning and practical experience with CNN.RNN. ? Experience applying ML / NLP to medical data and experience in image recognition direction ? Fluent Japanese ability (JLPT-N2 / N1)
Sr. Enterprise Architect;Centraprise IT Solutions Private Limited;Thiruvananthapuram / Trivandrum;10-15 Years;Not Specified;Job Knowledge and Skill: • Experience with all or most the following is required: o Java/Spring Boot, Node, Angular/React/Bootstrap, Microservices, API Design/REST, OAuth/OIDC, DevOps (CI/CD, Test Automation), Containers/Docker, Mobile/React/SDKs, • Prior knowledge or implementation of AI/ML/Chat Bot platforms. • Knowledge and implementation of AWS native cloud and managed services strongly preferred. • Knowledge of integration technologies including ESB, API managers, event-based architectures, data streaming architectures required. • Proven track record of designing complex architectures for medium to large IT organizations. • Comfortable working in cross-functional and multidisciplinary teams and working remotely with global team members. • Must possess a keen interest in learning new technologies and evaluating the appropriateness and timeliness of implementing them in the enterprise. • Exposure and experience with DevOps tools and delivery preferred. Experience: • Five or more years of Enterprise Architecture experience. • Ten years or more with developing, implementing and creating application architectures.
Data Scientist;Anupama (Proprietor of Making IT Simplest);Bengaluru / Bangalore, Hyderabad / Secunderabad;4-7 Years;Not Specified;Responsibilities for Data Scientist Work with stakeholders throughout the organization to identify opportunities for leveraging company data to drive business solutions. Mine and analyze data from company databases to drive optimization and improvement of product development, marketing techniques and business strategies. Assess the effectiveness and accuracy of new data sources and data gathering techniques. Develop custom data models and algorithms to apply to data sets. Use predictive modeling to increase and optimize customer experiences, revenue generation, ad targeting and other business outcomes. Develop company A/B testing framework and test model quality. Coordinate with different functional teams to implement models and monitor outcomes. Develop processes and tools to monitor and analyze model performance and data accuracy. Qualifications for Data Scientist Strong problem solving skills with an emphasis on product development. Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, SLQ, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets. Experience working with and creating data architectures. Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks. Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications. Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams. A drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques. We’re looking for someone with 3-7 years of experience manipulating data sets and building statistical models, has a Location :  latin  AmericaCompany will sponsor VISA
Data Scientist;Fanatics E-Commerce India LLP;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;5-10 Years;Not Specified;Job Description: What You’ll Do:  • Create data-science and machine learning products in supply-chain and inventory space, • Build & deploy production scale models on large-scale datasets using machine learning (or) deep learning technologies for Supply Chain research, • Work with cross-functional teams to implement and deploy data science products, • Leverage large scale data processing such as Spark, Hive into the data-science products, • Provide analysis using mathematical modeling tools to improve business processes and decisions, • Define creative solutions to business problems using advanced mathematical algorithms, • Communicate with senior management and cross-functional teams, and • Facilitate deep technical discussions with end-users and partners.  What You’ll Need:  1. Masters (or) PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, Operations Research, Economics, or other quantitative discipline strongly preferred, 2. Experience in research and development. Conference papers at reputed AI/ML platforms (ICML, NIPS, AAAI) will be a big plus, 3. Experience in Time series modeling (classical methods like ARIMA, STL Forecast). Understanding and implementing active research in Time series forecasting (Bayesian Forecasting, Hierarchical Forecasting), 4. Hands on experience in implementing Deep learning models with textual data/ time series data (CNN, LSTM’s) will be a great plus, 5. Expertise in SCALA (or) functional programming paradigm/ Python / R, 6. Experience in big data technologies like Spark, Hive, Hadoop, 7. Experience in understanding business needs and translating to a data-science problem, 8. Knowledge of the supply chain process – demand forecasting, inventory optimization, sell-through, reorder quantity, recommended buy, and allocation process, 9. Great communication skills, organized, able to multitask and be a team player, and 10. Excellent written and oral communication skills on both technical and non-technical topics.  Tryouts are open at Fanatics! Our team is passionate, talented, unified, and charged with creating the fan experience of tomorrow. The ball is in your court now
Data Scientist;Magna Infotech Limited;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai;5-10 Years;Not Specified;Essential: A committed team player who possesses strong problem-solving skills along with good written and verbal communication skills. Able to work with people across different departments, countries, and regions. Good communication skills (clear and concise) On the feet thinker who can quickly investigate and troubleshoot, if required, production-related queries from various stakeholders Ability to think logically and calmly under emergency and stressful situations (e.g. during outages) Ability to exhibit a high level of professionalism in a team-oriented environment Technical: Advanced Python and R for ML/AI/NLP development experience of 3+ years Hands-on experience in ML/AI libraries especially in Unstructured to Structured data transformation, Cognitive Automation, NLP Experience in applying Machine Learning Algorithms and Libraries like Scikit-Learn/H2O/RASSA/Keras/TensorFlow/spaCy or related ML libraries Experience in Abbyy/Rossum.AI/Amazon Textract or similar frameworks Experience in template-less data extraction would be a plus
Application Development and Advanced Technology Engineer;Kashish Kumar (proprietor of Small world);Japan;4-12 Years;Not Specified;Job Description ? Research and development of algorithms and architecture for systems such as top news, community, live broadcasting, video, and advertising ? Supports data and requests to ensure accurate recommendation of related products ? Project online and algorithm realization and adjustment ? Data mining, extraction of entity-entity relationships, n-gram analysis, discovery of new words, discovery of hotspots, word segmentation NLP Freon, including software, syntax analysis, synonyms, error correction, knowledge base construction, etc. Research and development of tier algorithms ? Applications Apply technologies such as machine learning, NLP, deep learning, etc. Model large amounts of textual data to unlock potential business value Eligibility (required) ? Those who have logical thinking ability and can find valuable rules from a large amount of data. ? Familiar with programming languages ??such as Python and java ? Those who have a deep understanding of data structure and algorithm design ? Practical knowledge of pyspark, hive work experience, system related experience, and commonly used recommended algorithms ? Familiarity with related technologies such as large-scale data mining, machine learning, natural language processing, and distributed computing, and 5 years or more of work experience Eligibility (welcome) -Computer, mathematics, machine learning, statistics, natural language processing or related major, masters or doctoral ? Reading and writing in English (or Chinese) The desired person image ? Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills, passion for challenging problems ? Those with excellent teamwork spirit and strong communication skills Charm point ? It is possible to experience cutting-edge technologies overseas including AI ? Although this is a healthcare business utilizing AI that SoftBank and overseas companies are working on, it is a startup, but it can be involved in a business that is much larger than a normal startup About this Company  Healthcare Technologies, a new business funded by SoftBank, is promoting an online healthcare consultation service. Through the app, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, we will receive health consultations from users, present countermeasures, and provide information on general medicines. In the future, we aim to connect users and medical institutions based on the accumulated data and contribute to the promotion of early and stable healthcare. As many companies participate in online health and medical consultation, we aim to lead the market by making full use of SoftBanks unique funding, business planning, branding and IT technologies. While online healthcare consulting is a market that can be expected to grow further in the future, startups in all areas are at risk of exiting the business. The company is still a start-up for new businesses, but it has a large base in which SoftBank, a leading domestic company engaged in telecommunications services, has invested. One of the great attraction is the challenging environment of expanding the business from the early phase while utilising the foundation of a large company.
Full Stack Engineers;ZeMoSo Technologies Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;3-8 Years;Not Specified;Position: Full Stack Engineers Experience: 3 - 8 years of relevant experience Qualification: BTECH/BE in CSE or equivalent Skills Required: • Server-side development experience in JAVA, Python, NodeJS etc • UI experience in React.JS OR Angular.JS OR Polymer.JS OR Ember.JS, CSS • Exposure to Data Platforms (Cassandra, Spark, Kafka) will be a plus • Exposure to Machine Learning (Tensorflow, scikit-learn) will be a plus • Exposure to NLP domain will be a plus • Good to great problem solving and communication skills • Ability to deliver in an extremely fast paced development environment • Ability to handle ambiguity • Should be a good team player What you can expect: • Learning Design, Lean and Agile aspects of product development • Learning and working on cutting edge technologies and platforms • Opportunity to contribute at every stage of development cycle from design-> develop -> deliver • Mentorship • Direct impact of your work on businesses of the future • Client interaction on a regular basis. Interested candidates can send their resumes to [HIDDEN TEXT]
Java Developer;Search Bridge Consulting;Bengaluru / Bangalore;3-7 Years;Not Specified;"Job Role: Java Developer ( R & D) Location: Bangalore Key Skills: corejava,J2EE, JSON, JavaScript, HTML5, CSS Experience : 3+ years • 3+ years of work experience • Expert in Java, J2EE, Web technologies • Proficient in Spring, Jersey, related technologies • Experience in Java ORM technologies is a must • Proficient in RDBMS; Oracle, MS SQL Server • Experience in JSON, XML, HTML JavaScript • Experience in ReST architecture • Exposure to Source Control and Issue Tracking tools • Cross-platform development experience; Windows, Linux • Experience in Java frameworks for Log management, Database management, Security management, Reporting, etc Good to Have Requisites: • Interest/ Experience in robotic automation tools like Automation, UiPAth, NICE, etc • Interest/ Experience in artificial intelligence and machine learning tools like Mahout, Watson, Amazon Machine Learning, Tensorflow, etc • Good Communication skills • Hands-On with technology in Individual Contributor role Educational Qualification: • Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Technology; related field"
Software Engineer;Skilltree Corporate Services Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;3-7 Years;1400000-1500000;Graduate in computer science/ Information systems Engg with min 3 years of product development experience. Candidates having experience in ML / ML Classification would be preferred Hands-on knowledge on Python-flask, CSharp, ASPDOTNET Core MVC, Entity Framework. Experience in NodeJS, SQL DB, Azure storage would be a plus. Knowledge of cloud deployment, docker, Azure DevOps would be added advantage. Excellent skills in communication and collaboration.
Solution architect - AI/ML;Brain Management Consultants India Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;13-18 Years;Not Specified;Solution architect - AI/ML Exp: 13- 18yrsMin 5-6 years of exp into AI/ML Work Location:  Bangalore Only  • 10+ Years of experience in Building Software platforms and systems, using cloud and distributed systems using Big Data , Machine Learning and artificial intelligence. • Strong Experience in building real-world AI/ML systems and Productizing and Scaling them in a large-scale, distributed model and system integration experience. • Prior solutioning experience with No SQL databases, data streaming and integrating unstructured data • Experience in Large Scale Digital architectures, real-time systems will be desired. • Experience in building robust data pipelines and familiarity with ETL/Data Wrangling tools • Experience working in a cloud environment (AWS, Azure) or a containerized environment (Mesos, Kubernetes) • Hands on experience in one or more of the following AI technologies: natural language processing, computer vision, machine learning, deep learning would be required. • knowledge and experience in some of the key AI platform, e.g. AWS, Azure, IBM Watson, Google • Knowledge and experience of key machine learning and deep learning framework, e.g. Tensorflow, Caffe, CNTK, commercial technologies/platforms, etc • Leadership or participation in prior artificial intelligence platforms strongly preferred • Experience in architecting and Building the solutions starting with Proof of concept to Pilot and solution productization. • Strong experience in software engineering, with a good understanding of software architecture, optimization, and programming patterns and paradigms
Data Scientist Lead;Addon Manpower Solutions LLP;Singapore;5-10 Years;Not Specified;Title: Data Scientist Location:  Singapore Mode of Hiring: Permanent Skills and Qualifications:- • Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as kNN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc. • Experience with common data science toolkits, such as python, Pyspark, scala, R, NumPy, SparkMlib. • Experience with data visualization tools, such as GGplot, etc. • Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive, SparkSql. • Experience with NoSQL databases, such as MongoDB, Cassandra, Hadoop. • Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, insight generation, data profiling & analytics. • Good scripting and programming skills and communication skills. Responsibilities:- • Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniques. • Data mining using state-of-the-art methods. • Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems. • Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis. • Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner. • Creating automated insights detection system and constant tracking of its performance
Database Architect(MySQL MongoDB, NodeJS or Python experience in Noida-full time permanent;Elixa Tec;Noida;5-10 Years;Not Specified;"Experience is 5 to 10 years Job Description : Database Architect who would contribute towards building a strong data sciences team along with maintaining & optimizing the current databases for high throughput. Job Description: • Coding and optimization of MySQL & MongoDB queries. • Configuring and tuning databases for high throughput • Manage all requirements around data analytics for the organization • Implementation of security best practices • Carry out the day to day database operational activities such as installations, patching, deployments, monitoring and other activities within the scope of database operations • Monitor alerts and take corrective actions or escalate as required. Re validation of situations/thresholds. • Perform Health Check of database subsystems as per schedules Skill Requirements: • Strong database technology skillsets, namely MongoDB, MySQL, Redis, RDBMS • Strong data analytics technology skill sets • Exposure to machine learning models and their application • Strong development skills on at least one language like NodeJS or Python • A skilled and pragmatic approach • Experience with user-centered design, test-driven development, iterative/incremental and agile practices • Individual applying to the role should ideally have the following attributes : Job Duties: Determines database structural requirements by analyzing client operations, applications, and programming; reviewing objectives with clients; evaluating current systems; Develops database solutions by designing proposed system; defining database physical structure and functional capabilities, security, back-up, and recovery specifications. Installs database systems by developing flowcharts; applying optimum access techniques; coordinating installation actions; documents actions. Maintains database performance by identifying and resolving production and application development problems; calculating optimum values for parameters; evaluating, integrating, and installing new releases; completing maintenance; answering user questions. Prepares users by conducting training. Provides database support by coding utilities, responding to user questions, and resolving problems. Updates job knowledge by participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations. Accomplishes information systems and organization mission by completing related results as needed. •  5+ years of experience • Strong and innovative approach to problem solving and finding solutions •  Excellent communicator (written and verbal, formal and informal) • Flexible and proactive/self-motivated working style with strong personal ownership of problem resolution • Ability to multi-task under pressure and work independently with minimal supervision. • Ability to prioritize when under pressure Working Days : 6 Days a Week"
Credit Risk Head- Fintech- Mumbai/Bangalore;MNR Solutions Private Limited;India;5-7 Years;Not Specified;Job Description: Job Description ? Strategic role, to set the company direction for the next 5-7 years ? Responsible for designing and building the risk and underwriting infrastructure for the most innovative consumer lending platform in India ? Creation of the risk and underwriting policies, infrastructure, development and deployment of underwriting models, risk decision strategies and fraud detection ? Be involved in the full-life-cycle and straddle credit-and non-credit functions (initially) ? Work closely with Sr. Management team and lending partners in managing Risk/Return of the portfolio, defaults & collections ? Represent the company to the outside world, including lending partners, board of directors & other strategic alliances Job Requirements: Must-have: ? Deep knowledge of scorecards, credit policies and risk management in an unsecured context ? Experience in validating and implementing risk models and strategies ? Atleast 3-5 years of experience in using analytics for credit modeling ? Passion for using data and algorithm to drive underwriting decisions ? Extreme comfort with technology and working with engineers ? Passionate, creative, innovative and looking to work in a fast-paced and collaborative environment. ? MBA/CA (first attempt) or IIT B.Tech with atleast 8+ years of experience in a retail bank or retail NBFC, Indian or foreign Nice-to-have: ? Knowledge of Data Science & Machine Learning ? Excellent written & Verbal communication skills ? Experience working in a startup, preferably a Fintech startup ? Ability to influence and drive stake-holders Looking for experienced candidates who are . ? As the Head of Risk you will be reporting to the Head – Risk, Legal & Compliance and will be responsible for heading a Risk team ? Responsible for credit underwriting / analysis / appraisal as well as developing the lending norms / rates / policies for all retail lending products offered. This would include overseeing Risk for products across Business Loans, Vehicle Loans, Personal loans, Mortgages, Loans Against Property, Loans Against Shares, Micro-finance and Agri-loans. ? You would ensure that the customer portfolio meets the quality measures. You would also manage internal stakeholders in addition to regulators and governing bodies.
Back End and machine Learning;Jaguar Solutions Private Limited;Pune;;10000-140000;Job role: Back Office Tagging google Maps machine Learning Job Type-Full time Location: Kharadi /  Kalyani nagar 
Splunk_5yrs+_Blr_Shiv;Arminus Software Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;;Not Specified;Job Description : Job Description:   Essential Functions of the Job: · This position is responsible for development, deployment, maintenance, support and administration of the Splunk infrastructure in a highly available configuration for implementing and supporting Splunk systems. · Follows AWS best practices in designing, architecting and developing solutions · Understands and maps business requirements of the customers with AWS, Splunk and other technical capabilities · Excellent communication skills · Supports Splunk service as a Subject Matter Expert (SME) to align service delivery based on customer and business requirements, by working with end users, vendor and team members. · Improves analytic and performance capabilities for Splunk and delivers projects associated with logging. · Provide business insights for product usage, service outage, customer analysis, product feature usage, and product performance / reliability analysis based on data from Splunk · This position is responsible for development, deployment, maintenance, support and administration of the Splunk infrastructure in a highly available configuration. This position is responsible for implementing and supporting Splunk systems. Knowledge and Skills Requirements: · Excellent knowledge in Splunk (Splunk for Analytics and Data Science Certified) · Experience in building models in R, C++, Java or Python programming languages and libraries. · Significant Data and Business Analytic skills) · Experience in building AI and Machine learning models – Natural Language Processing (NLP), Natural Language Generation (NLG), Deep Learning (Voice and Image recognition) and Neural Networks. · Strong Communication skills and Customer service orientation · Relevant technical and delivery experience within, or working as a consultant/advisor to, a financial services organization · Experience in AWS Machine Learning products. · Programming, scripting and automation skills using Python or other programming languages · Strong DevOps skills including products such as Github, Chef, Jenkins etc. · AI, Cognitive and Data Science technologies · Experience in onboarding new data, users, creating new dashboards and alerts, data extraction report generation and customization in Splunk Key Skills:   Essential Functions of the Job: · This position is responsible for development, deployment, maintenance, support and administration of the Splunk infrastructure in a highly available configuration for implementing and supporting Splunk systems. · Follows AWS best practices in designing, architecting and developing solutions · Understands and maps business requirements of the customers with AWS, Splunk and other technical capabilities · Excellent communication skills · Supports Splunk service as a Subject Matter Expert (SME) to align service delivery based on customer and business requirements, by working with end users, vendor and team members. · Improves analytic and performance capabilities for Splunk and delivers projects associated with logging. · Provide business insights for product usage, service outage, customer analysis, product feature usage, and product performance / reliability analysis based on data from Splunk · This position is responsible for development, deployment, maintenance, support and administration of the Splunk infrastructure in a highly available configuration. This position is responsible for implementing and supporting Splunk systems. Knowledge and Skills Requirements: · Excellent knowledge in Splunk (Splunk for Analytics and Data Science Certified) · Experience in building models in R, C++, Java or Python programming languages and libraries. · Significant Data and Business Analytic skills) · Experience in building AI and Machine learning models – Natural Language Processing (NLP), Natural Language Generation (NLG), Deep Learning (Voice and Image recognition) and Neural Networks. · Strong Communication skills and Customer service orientation · Relevant technical and delivery experience within, or working as a consultant/advisor to, a financial services organization · Experience in AWS Machine Learning products. · Programming, scripting and automation skills using Python or other programming languages · Strong DevOps skills including products such as Github, Chef, Jenkins etc. · AI, Cognitive and Data Science technologies · Experience in onboarding new data, users, creating new dashboards and alerts, data extraction report generation and customization in Splunk
Looking for a Business Development Executive For Training Academy Based in Bangalore;Kallada Software Services Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;2-6 Years;360000-450000;I am looking for a Business development executive for my company Kallada Academy a Digital Marketing Training Center based in Bangalore (Kallada Academy). Responsibilities: - Build Relationship with Colleges and get approval for organising demo classes. - Convert leads into students for our Digital Marketing and Machine learning courses. - Organise Workshops across Bangalore - Should meet targets given by us Eligibility: Minimum 2 years experience in Business Development Good Communication Skills Starting Salary: 30k – 40k
Data Scientist;Fanatics E-Commerce India LLP;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;5-10 Years;Not Specified;Job Description: What You’ll Do  • Create data-science and machine learning products in supply-chain and inventory space, • Build & deploy production scale models on large-scale datasets using machine learning (or) deep learning technologies for Supply Chain research, • Work with cross-functional teams to implement and deploy data science products, • Leverage large scale data processing such as Spark, Hive into the data-science products, • Provide analysis using mathematical modeling tools to improve business processes and decisions, • Define creative solutions to business problems using advanced mathematical algorithms, • Communicate with senior management and cross-functional teams, and • Facilitate deep technical discussions with end-users and partners.  What You’ll Need  • Masters (or) PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, Operations Research, Economics, or other quantitative discipline strongly preferred, • Experience in research and development. Conference papers at reputed AI/ML platforms (ICML, NIPS, AAAI) will be a big plus, • Experience in Time series modeling (classical methods like ARIMA, STL Forecast). Understanding and implementing active research in Time series forecasting (Bayesian Forecasting, Hierarchical Forecasting), • Hands on experience in implementing Deep learning models with textual data/ time series data (CNN, LSTM’s) will be a great plus, • Expertise in SCALA (or) functional programming paradigm/ Python / R, • Experience in big data technologies like Spark, Hive, Hadoop, • Experience in understanding business needs and translating to a data-science problem, • Knowledge of the supply chain process – demand forecasting, inventory optimization, sell-through, reorder quantity, recommended buy, and allocation process, • Great communication skills, organized, able to multitask and be a team player, and • Excellent written and oral communication skills on both technical and non-technical topics.  Tryouts are open at Fanatics! Our team is passionate, talented, unified, and charged with creating the fan experience of tomorrow. The ball is in your court now
Japans Largest  IT company -  Rakuten requires IT Engineer,;Intercareer Service India Private Limited;Japan;3-13 Years;3500000-9900000;Japans Largest IT company - Rakuten requires IT Engineer, Japanese language is not required Candidates should have at least 3 years of experience.  Annual salary level: USD 50,000 to USD 1,50,000 2. Qualification Requirements: Minimum University Graduates, 3 Years or More 3. English speaking is a must. 4. Working place: Tokyo, Osaka, etc. 5. Skill sets required are as follows:  AI Application Engineer : DSAID  AI Engineer : DSAID Android Application Engineer (Digital Out-of-Home) : DOOH  API Development Engineer(Global Rakuten Ichiba API) Middle : ECRD API Engineer (Travel)TID Application Engineer - Blog Application Engineer (Machine Learning Group): BDD  Application Engineer : DSAID Architect Engineer (Order Management System) : ECLD  Backend / API Software Engineer (Search Platform) : BDD  Backend Developer (EC Marketplace Consumer Service) : ECMD  Backend Engineer (Data Science Service Group) : DSAID . Back-End Engineer (Rakuten Drone) : ISDD . Bigdata Engineer - Advertising Business (Global Ad Technology Supervisory Department): GATD . Data Engineer . Data Engineer (Analytics Platform Service) Middle/Senior Class: BDD . Data Science Engineer . Data Scientist : RIT . Delivery Service Mobile Engineer (Rakuten Drone) : ISDD . DevOps Engineer - Digital Reading . DevOps Engineer (ONE App Team) - Software Services Enablement Department:SSED . DevOps Engineer (Rakuten for Business) :ESD . DevOps Engineer (Standardization Section) : ESD . DevOps Engineer : DSAID . DevOps Manager - Digital Reading . DevOps Site Reliability (Rakuten Super Point) : ESD . Email Deliverability Engineer (Digital Marketing Messaging Platform) : DSAID . Engineer - Autocomplete: BDD . Engineering Leader (Digital Marketing Messaging Platform) : DSAID . Front-End Engineer (E-Commerce Search) : BDD . Front-End Engineer (Platform Engineering Section) : BDD . Front-End Engineer (Travel Service):TID . ID Platform Engineer (Java_Membership Service) :ESD . Image Delivery Platform Development Engineer (Contents Delivery Network Group) : CPD . Infrastructure DevOps (Data Science Service Group) : DSAID . Infrastructure Engineer (Advanced Computing Platform Group) : CTO Office . iOS Engineer - Media Business Service (Media Properties Section) . Java Developer (EC Platform Engineering) : BDD . Machine Learning Researcher: BDD . Mobile Software Engineer (JavaScript / Native Bridge):SSED . Platform Engineering/Operation (Search Section) : BDD . QA Engineer (Fraud Prevention):ESD . QA Lead (Travel) : TAD . Researcher (Applied Behavior Analysis) : RIT . Researcher (Finance) : RIT . Researcher (Health Data) : RIT . Researcher (NLP) : RIT  Researcher (Power Domain) : RIT . Researcher (Robotics) : RIT . Search Engine Developer (Search Platform) : BDD . Security Engineer (DevSecOps) : CSDD . Security Engineer (SIEM Engineer) : CSDD . Senior Architect (Strategy Section / Architecture Group) : ESD  Senior DevOps Engineer - API Technology Section:SSED . Senior Front-End Engineer (Travel)TID . Senior Java Developer (Rakuten Super Point) : ESD . Senior QA Engineer (Membership Service Section) : ESD . Senior Software Engineer - Leisure Product . Senior Software Engineer (API) : DPD . Site Reliability Engineer (Data Solutions Group):CPD . Site Reliability Engineer (Membership service section) : ESD . Software Development Engineer in Test (Travel) : TAD . Software Engineer - Test Automation (Membership Service Section) : ESD . Software Engineer (Data Storage and Processing Section) : CPD . Software Engineer (Digital Marketing Messaging Platform) : DSAID . Software Engineer (Geo Platform) : DPD . Software Engineer (Java - Corporate IT Department):CITD . Software Engineer (Java_Payments Platform) : ESD . Software Engineer (Ranking Platform) Osaka branch : ECID . Software Engineer (Teradata DBA) : DPD . Software Engineer/DevOps (Search Platform) : BDD . Speech Recognition Engineer : DSAID . SRE Engineer (Application Platform Group) :CPD . SRE(Site Reliability Engineer) Data Engineering Platform:CPD . UTM (Unmanned Traffic Management) Service Front-End Engineer - Rakuten Drone Service:ISDD . Web application Engineer - Media Service . Web Application Engineer (Rakuten Ichiba: Internal business system, Data Platform) : ECBD . Web Application Engineer for BtoC service(Delivery/Car/O2O) Middle Class Osaka branch : ECID . Web Application Engineer for Minshu Service - Media Properties Section . Web Application Engineer(Rakuten Ichiba Front End) Middle : ECMD
Data Scientist  _ Dell _ Bangalore;Teamlease Digital Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;10-15 Years;Not Specified;Hi, Please see the below requirement & let us know your comfort level ASAP Pay roll: Team Lease (Permanent) Client: Dell 23 Work Location : Bangalore , Bellandur Mode of Interview: F2F Interview on the weekdays Experience : 10+ Years Data Scientist  10+ years of overall IT experience  25 years AI work experience  Experience in designing, building or implementing AI business solutions is essential This role is all about delivering practical AI pilots in a business environment and is less about developing the theory  2+ years of experience with Machine Learning, Statistical Models, and Natural Language Processing  Experience with Python, TensorFlow, Keras, StackStorm  Solid understanding of Data Structures, Algorithms & ObjectOriented design concepts
Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Programmers for permanent job positions;XML Frameworks.com Private Limited;Nellore;1-6 Years;120000-400000;Deal Timer has been developing and deploying suite of 20+  software products for Automotive Dealers  ( visit dealtimer.com) in the United States for over 20 years developed on Java platform.  Several of our products will be augmented with Artificial Intelligence features in order to improve the customer and staff engagement in our in-house built communication modes over the phone, email,  IVR, messengers, etc.The product developer positions are rare and you will be working on DealTimers in-house built Java framework based product development suite. Exciting opportunity for a Java Developers to join a progressive technology company with software products deployed for over 20 years in the United States. As bigger cities are saturated, it is a ground floor opportunity to settle in high-tech job in tier-2 Andhra Cities. that too in a proposed smart city Nellore.
Immediate requirement for software engineer - AI  @ Trivandrum;EApps Technologies;Thiruvananthapuram / Trivandrum;1-2 Years;Not Specified;o Experience in pattern recognition, AI, Machine Learning and image processing. o Understanding the requirements and preparing designs for translating those needs into deliverables. o Writing code or programs to get desired results. o Testing and validating software and networking hardware to ensure that the program works correctly under all variables and conditions. o Determine what software is required or what modifications to existing software are needed. o Working directly with customers and clients to help them use the software accurately and as intended. o Collaborate with technical writers to create customer-relevant documentation. o Ensuring compliance to corporate policies, processes and standards o Maintaining and enhancing applications and software as per specific client-contractual norms. o Project monitoring and leading module. o Provide Production support. o Quality Control activities
Data Scientist for Supply Chain Division;Future Group;Mumbai;2-5 Years;Not Specified;Data Scientist for Supply Chain Division  Qualifications  Bachelor’s degree in Statistics, Machine Learning, Mathematics, Computer Science, Economics, or any other related quantitative field. An equivalent of the same in working experience is also acceptable for the position. Experience:  2+ years of experience working in data science capacity preferable in online retail space e.g. Amazon / Flipkart or any other Consumer Goods company or offline retail OR recent Master’s or PhD grad in Computer Science, Mathematics, or related field or in the domain of operations/ Supply Chain Theme of the Role  To gather and analyze data regarding a variety of issues and topics in order to develop data driven solutions to difficult business challenges. Key Deliverables :  – Mines and analyzes data from databases to drive optimization and improvement of program development, marketing techniques and business strategies. – Able to transform unstructured raw data in to formats suitable for modeling – Applying statistical and advanced techniques (e.g. segmentation, machine learning) to develop both prototypes and scalable (i.e. efficient, automated) data analyses – Conduct basic ad hoc analysis, building models and forecasting viewing behaviour Interpreting results from multiple sources using a variety of techniques, ranging from simple data aggregation via statistical analysis to complex data mining independently Competencies ‘Must have’  – Exceptionally good computer skills and be all-around technologically adept. – Strong foundation in data structures, algorithms, statistics, and machine learning – Proficiency in a mainstream programming language, such as Python, C/C++, CSharp, Java, JavaScript, Haskell or similar – Knowledge of algorithms for data mining, machine learning, and/or natural language processing Competencies  Wants  – Experience processing large amounts of structured and unstructured data using Spark, Hive or other Big Data technologies – Experience building scalable data models and performing complex relational database queries using SQL (Oracle, MySQL), etc. – Experience with machine learning libraries/frameworks and methods Critical personality attributes Attention to detail and demonstrates ability to detect and resolve data/analytics quality issues
Data Science Developer;IEverware Technologies Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;7-15 Years;Not Specified;Job Title: Data Science Developer Job Location: Hyderabad Job Type: Permanent Experience: 7-15 Yrs Compensation: Not Disclosed by recruiter Education & Eligibility: B.E, B.Tech (Any Engineering Background), CS Branch, Any Bachelor Degree, M.Tech, MBA, MCA, BCA, Post Graduates, PhD. Note: Apply candidates who has US-Visa is a great plus, they will have a chance to work at our client location Dallas, TX, USA Job Description: • Work with clients to understand their business problems and help articulate the problem with an analytics framework • Work with offshore team to structure solutions based on analytics tools and techniques • Design analytical plans and processes and leverages google analytics reporting tools to analyze data • Design statistical tests and design of experiments • Data processing for and execution of the analytical plan • Communication of analytical output to client senior management through reporting, dashboards and modeling • 3 to 5 years of relevant experience in Business Analytics (preferably in the Retail domain). • At least 2+ years hands on experience on modelling and deploying analytics solutions with clients • At least 2+ years of exposure to Retail and/or Consumer Brands would be preferred • Provide brand insights and recommendations that have tangible business impacts • Build relationships with clients to understand their business, and to enable them to better • understand how to use analytics to drive their business • Build and demonstrate capabilities to execute deliverables end-to-end including last mile • to delivery with minimal hand-holding • Successfully deliver pilot projects • Support in pre-sales when needed with high-quality, well-organized presentations and reports • Meet and exceed client expectations with high quality, timely deliveries. • Ensure there is process improvement / automation to increase efficiency • Adhere to procedures like communication protocols, operational practices / procedures, • Information security practices, attendance procedures, etc. • Participate and actively contribute in review meetings Kindly do send your updated resume by filling below given details: 1. Total Experience: 2. Relevant work experience in skills & role: 3. Current CTC: 4. Expected CTC: 5. Notice period: 6. Current location: 7. Preferred location: Thanks & Regards Eshwar iEverware Technologies Pvt. Ltd India: 7901441171 Mail ID: [HIDDEN TEXT] | URL: www.ieverware.com Staffing |Consulting |Development |BPO| Training | Digital Services
Data Scientist;TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;6-14 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Data Scientist Data Scientist (1 Position) – Exp – 8 – 14 Yrs. Should have experience in Supply Chain or Marketing or Sales domain Strong Communication Skills. Project Management Experience Strong Experience in Data Science.
JAPAN : Tokyo : Onsite Opportunity :   :  Python Dev: with AI / ML / :  SAP bilingual TechnoFunction;Cobraas Business Solutions;Japan;4-7 Years;Not Specified;JAPAN : Tokyo : Onsite Opportunity : Permanent Residency / Openings : Python Developers with Machine Learning, Deep Learning & Artificial Intelligence. What We Need : Object oriented programming using Python. • Web based application development using Python as a language. • Medium level AI/ML/DL expert candidates • Must to have good understanding of Algorithms • Mandatory (must to have) Frameworks / Toolkits / Libraries: TensorFlow or Keras or PyTorch or Chainer Other skills: ( Not Mandatory but Good to Have ) Python Web Frameworks - Django, Flask, Pyramid, Bottle, Cherrypy Python GUI Frameworks & toolkits - PyQT, PyJS, PyGUI, Kivy, PyGTK, WxPython Python Libraries: Scikit-Learn, NumPy, LightGBM, Eli5, SciPy, Theano, Pandas Certifications : Certified in Deep Learning / Machine Learning / Artificial Intelligence 
Cyber Security Manager, Security Analytics & Data Science;Refinitiv India Transaction Services Private limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;5-10 Years;Not Specified;Essential Responsibilities: Lead security analytics & data science activities to support the CSTR Organization Build and lead a team of talented security analytics analysts and data scientists Develop Machine Learning (ML) models for the CSTR organization Securely derive business value through the adoption of Artificial Intelligence (AI) Develop and maintain solutions to measure Refinitiv’s security posture Build tools/framework where necessary to reinforce the security of the corporate infrastructure and IT systems Communicate timelines, service dependencies, resource constraints and progress with key stakeholders quickly and effectively Foster and maintain cross-functional relationships with both technical and non-technical resources with a focus on data driven decision making  Qualifications/Requirements  Bachelor’s Degree in a highly quantitative field (Computer Science, Machine Learning, Operational Research, Statistics, Mathematics) and 5+ years’ experience in data science and predictive modeling OR Phd/MTech/MS in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning, Mathematics or Statistics and 3+ years’ experience in data science and predictive modeling Programming or scripting experience in any of the following: Perl, Python, VB Script, or Power Shell Previous experience in a ML or data scientist role and a track record of building ML or DL models Strong troubleshooting and problem-solving skills Effective communication and strong collaboration skills Willingness and ability to travel domestically and internationally up to 15%
Job opportunity for Technologist Process Modelling & Diagnosis_Jamshedpur;3S Business Advisors Private Limited;Jamshedpur;3-7 Years;Not Specified;Key Objective / Overall Job Responsibility 1. Process analysis using advanced data analytic tools and machine learning for process predictability improvement 2. Visualisation and modelling of raw material & iron making processes for continues improvement 3. Creating knowledge base and expertise in above areas. 4. Implementation of industry best practices Qualification, Experience & Skills B.Tech / M.Tech in Electrical, Electronics, Chemical, Metallurgy experience in data analytics and machine learning will be preferred. knowledge of data analytics tools & techniques Proficiency in R / Python, MATLAB or any other
Deep Learning Scientist;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Mumbai;2-6 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Job Description Execute &take ownership of DL projects end-to-end. Good exposure to various DLalgorithms & frameworks Must be able to read research papers (eg: some novel architectures, training techniques, etc.be able to implement it fully to solve our specific problems Required Candidate profile Experience in implementing object detection, GAN €™s. Knowledge of reinforcement learning is a plus. Good grasp and detailed knowledge of any one deep learning library (PyTorch, TensorFlow, etc.) is a must
Urgent Openings For Manager - Business Analyst;People Prime Worldwide Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;7-10 Years;1500000-2200000;Relevant analytics experience in Retail, e-commerce, Telecom, BFSI or any domain Decent amount of domain expertise on any/all the domains Technical Capabilities – one or more Expert at Excel and/or VBA Expert at solution design and story-boarding using PowerPoint Comfortable with statistical applications – advanced machine learning is a plus Familiarity with data extraction and cleaning tools – SQL/Hive etc. Ability to guide the team to write optimized queriesFamiliarity with visualization tools Familiarity with programming languages such as R, Python
Trainer for Python, R programming, data science, vb micros;Speakwell Skills Academy Private Limited;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;1-2 Years;50000-90000;Python, R programming, data science, vb micros-pls call on 9320902824 Trainer / Faculty must have proven practical knowledge of any of the above technology platforms Trainer/ Faculty must have at least 1 year of extensive quality work experience in the industry and/ or college Trainer/ Faculty must have good communication, convincing, and teaching skills Trainer/ Faculty must have been able to demonstrate and write complex codes (programs) on the above technologies
Team Lead/ Lead ML Engineer;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Pune;1-5 Years;375000-850000;Job Description : Job Description 1. Having a minimum of 1 year of open CV/ computer Vision or image processing experience. We would prefer the experience to range from 2-4 years ideally. 2. Have experience in ML , deep learning in python. 3. machine learning
Data Scientist-Artificial Intelligence- AI;IEverware Technologies Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;4-12 Years;Not Specified;Job Title: Artificial Intelligence- Lead Job Location: Hyderabad Job Type: Permanent Experience: 4-6Yrs Compensation: Not Disclosed by recruiter Note: Apply candidates who has US-Visa is a great plus, they will have a chance to work at our client location Dallas, TX, USA. Overall 6+ years experience with 2+ years in developing AI/ML solutions required Education and Experience: About 8-12 years of overall experience in Business Analytics, with at least 3 years- experience developing statistical/mathematical models, and at least 2 years in a project management or people leadership role • Looking for a Lead -Data Scientist with Python/R Programming skills. • Practical experience using multivariate and/or ML methods for classification, clustering and estimation, such as Decision Trees, Random Forests, CART/CHAID, Extreme Gradient Boosting, Ridge Regression, PCA and SVM. Individual in this role is expected to work with multiple stakeholders and teams. • at least 2 years in a project management or people leadership role • Must be proficient in Python/R programming. • Should possess extensive knowledge of and experience in applying data mining and machine learning, deep learning techniques in a professional context. • Candidate should be expert in handling various data types and structures: structured, unstructured, voice, image and video data, static versus streaming data. Extensive prior experience in integrating data, profiling, validating and cleansing data in Big Data platforms is a must. • High level of proficiency in statistical tools and programming environments like R & Python, Big Data platforms like Hadoop, Spark is a must. • Exposure to Deep Learning applications and tools like Theano/ Torch/ Caffe/Kera/TensorFlow would be an added advantage Thanks & Regards Eshwar iEverware Technologies Pvt. Ltd India: 8886600833 Mail ID: [HIDDEN TEXT] | URL: www.ieverware.com Staffing |Consulting |Development |BPO| Training | Digital Services
openings in synchrony;null;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;9-18 Years;1500000-3000000;Bachelors Degree and 6 years of IT experience or in lieu of the bachelor’s degree, a High School Diploma/GED and 6 years of experience in Information Technology with data management • Minimum of 2 years of experience with Big Data tools such as Anaconda, H2O, or Hadoop. • 2 years of experience using Data Lake supporting data science work. • 1 year of experience with package-management systems • 1 year of experience with Docker/Kubernetes • 1 year of experience gathering, and translating end user requirements into end user reports
Machine Learning Engineer;Magna Infotech Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;8-15 Years;Not Specified;Hi, Hope you are doing good! This is Megha Shah from Magna Infotech (Quess Company). Please find below job opportunity for your reference. If interested, send your updated resume.  Job Overview: Must Haves: Python: numpy, scipy, scikit-learn, pandas, jupyter notebook, XGBoost, word2vec, Gensim Deep Learning: tensorflow, keras, pytorch Database: SQL, mySQL, Hive, ETLs Engineering: Docker, Git Machine learning libraries and methodologies Big Data: AWS cloud services (S3, Athena, Lambda, Redshift, ECS, EC2, CodeCommit), Apache Hadoop OS: expert in linux Spark, Neo4j ML Specific: Data capture, annotations and tagging of training/control sets. Cleaning data and manipulating to get the most out of the data Pre-processing and transforming captured data in preparation for training. Using various Machine learning python & tensorflow libraries to execute model training Post model training scoring validation and optimisation Building model from the ground up Engineering/Computer Software Degree Good software engineering principles
Data Architect;Narnia Soft;Noida;8-10 Years;Not Specified;Greetings from Akshaya Business IT Solutions Pvt Ltd.  Designation: Data ArchitectLocation: NoidaExperience: 8+ years  8+ years of experience developing production quality code including playing an active role in all aspects of software design and delivery.  3+ years of experience in a Data Architect capacity.  Skilled coder (Java, Scala, Python, R, Golang, or similar).  Exceptional knowledge of relational databases with a developed competency around Oracle, Postgres DB or other RDBMS, Cassandra or other NoSQL.  Familiarity with microservice design or data processing pipelines (Docker, Kafka, Spark, or similar).  Experience with AWS, GCP, Azure services and cloud development patterns.  Strong working relationships with non-technical peers and a demonstrated ability to understand the workings of the overall business.  Experience with job execution using Airflow, Spark, EMR or similar technologies.  Experience with data warehouse using Snowflake, RedShift, GCP Big Table or similar data stores.  Familiarity with Power BI or other analytics tools.  Familiarity with Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Statistical Analysis, Real-Time Data streaming.  Prior background in high volume ecommerce solutions or other transactional processing systems.  Experience with continuous delivery and automated deployments (Jenkins, AWS CloudFormation, Terraform, Chef, Ansible etc.).  Experience in Agile development methodology.  Deep understanding of data quality tools, including hands on experience in data cleansing, data enrichment, and data manipulations.  Skilled in Logical Data modeling and in Physical Data modelling.  Understand strategies to build an optimized and high-performing solution.  Superb communication, presentation, and executive leadership. Qualifications:  An engineering Bachelors Degree in computer science/ Information Technology, Data Sciences from Tier 1 college. Thanks & Regards, Kiran Kumar S Lead - TAG Akshaya Business IT Solutions Pvt Ltd. [HIDDEN TEXT] www.akshayaitsolutions.com
DEEP LEARNING SCIENTIST;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Mumbai;2-6 Years;500000-1000000;Job Description : Job Description Execute and take ownership of deep learning projects end-to-end. Good exposure to various deep learning algorithms and frameworks Understand the problem and the kind of data required and the format in which it is required and prepare the data using the relevant methodologies Keep updated on latest research in AI and deep learning and find ways in which it can be used to solve business problems Must be able to read research papers (eg: some novel architectures, training techniques, etc.) and be able to implement it fully to solve our specific prob Required Candidate profile Skill Set Must have worked on at least 2-3 real life Data science projects. Expert user of Python/R and SQL Hands-on experience in handling unstructured (image, video, audio) and build solutions using Deep Learning / Machine Learning Experience in implementing object detection, GAN €™s. Knowledge of reinforcement learning is a plus. Good grasp and detailed knowledge of any one deep learning library (PyTorch, TensorFlow, etc.) is a must Strong interpersonal skill, entrepreneur mindset Self-motivated, ability to handle ambiguity Strong problem- solving skills
Phyton Trainer;Seven Mentor And Training Private Limited;Pune;1-4 Years;Not Specified;Job Description: Designation : Phyton trainer Experience: 1 - 4 years Skills: Machine Learning, Python, Djano framework, R programming, Deep learning ( AI), Kotlin, Tableau Splunk, IOT, RPA , Power BI, Spark (Scala) , Kotlin Location - Pune Position - 4 Joining Date: Immediate/1 Week Key Skills: Machine Learning, Python, Djano framework, R programming, Deep learning ( AI), Kotlin, Tableau Splunk, IOT, RPA , Power BI, Spark (Scala) , Kotlin Excellent in Coding- C++ or Python Role & Responsibilities: Training Students on Python, Machine Learning, IOT and Artificial Intelligence Required expert level training would be provided by company. Able to cater College Seminar, Workshop and Corporate training Candidate with excellent communication skill and passion in teaching and technology only should apply. Needs to train in- house students, beginners and professionals on Python and Machine Learning. Designing training programmer based on the needs of the organization. Must be presentable and smart and should have very good communication skills. Strong quantitative background e.g. statistics and econometrics Technical analytics skills and usage of analytics software. Note: any additional technology will be added advantage
Big Data Architect;Flexi Careers India Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;10-15 Years;Not Specified;10+ years of expertise in Big Data technologies including Apache Spark, Apache Kafka, Hadoop, No-SQL databases such as Hbase Well versed with Data Sciences, Machine learning and Deep Learning based solutions Engage with business analysts, marketing, operations teams in Consumer Banking Group to understand their needs and create big data analytics solutions that meet the business needs You will work closely with Big Data Engineering and Data Science team to implement, troubleshoot, and optimise distributed applications based on modern big data technologies like Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, etc. in both an on premise and cloud deployment model to solve large scale processing problems.
Python developer;Aarna Consultancy;Ahmedabad;1-4 Years;450000;Embedded System Programming · Python programming · IoT system design and integration · Integration of AI frameworks with IoT and single-board computers · Scrapping data from Websites · Computer Vision and Machine Learning programming
Python Developer;Multi Recruit;Bengaluru / Bangalore;0-4 Years;800000-1000000;Job Description:  Hands on experience data science with Python exposure to Natural Language Processing (NLTK/core NLP) Understanding of Text mining Knowlegde or exposure on GUI automation knowledge or exposure on AI bots Enhancing data collection procedures to include information that is relevant for building analytic systems Processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear manner
Technical Leader;BR Raysoft Global Private Limited;Bhubaneswar;6-11 Years;Not Specified;Experience in Batch Data Processing using Spark Scala programming, File Data Transfers Deep experience in data modeling, data analysis and database design in Distributed Database platforms such as Cassandraincluding advanced SQL query capabilities Experience building real time or near real time BI solutions preferably using Druid Superset. Experience in working on Java Python Experience in Machine Learning Model Lifecycle and spinning off the Model Environments ondeman
Data Science;TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;0-2 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Exp: 0 to 3 yrs, Candidates should have knowledge in Java or Dotnet. Ready to learn new technologies. Good communication skills. Very enthusiastic person. Domain Knowledge in Data Science.
Deputy Manager/Manager-Data Scientist Quant (Job Code : J42084);Sampoorna Consultants Private Limited;Mumbai;5-8 Years;Not Specified;5 - 8 years’ experience of Quant Modelling / Data Scientist ( using Machine Learning techniques ) / financial modelling Advanced quantitative/ financial programming skills with at least one data related scripting language (e.g. Python is must ). Expertise in quantitative finance/ econometric techniques eg Portfolio Optimization, Stochastic modelling , Cash flow modelling ,VAR , Statistics and machine learning techniques Keen mindset for financial analysis, economics and understanding markets, investment opportunities to build use-cases where data science led techniques could benefit the investment process Domain knowledge of Asset management / Investment Management industry
Data Science;TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;5-10 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Years of Exp: 5+ Years (Seasoned)Skill set: Predictive Modelling, Machine Learning, Statistical Modeling, Time Series Forecasting, Optimization techniques
Data Scientist Redshift DigitalOcean Python SLQ Google Analytics Site Catalyst Business Objects;Keyquest Technologies Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;3-5 Years;300000-500000;Data Scientist Responsibilities:  • Having meetings with team members regarding projects. • Collecting and interpreting data. • Automating and integrating processes. • Researching solutions to overcome data analytics challenges. • Developing complex mathematical models that integrate business rules and requirements. • Creating machine learning models. • Communicating and meeting with engineers, IT teams and other interested parties. • Sharing complex ideas verbally and visually in an understandable manner with non-technical stakeholders.  Data Scientist Requirements:  • A MSc or PhD degree in Applied Mathematics or Statistics. • 6+ years industry experience. • Advanced certification in machine learning and programming is advantageous. • Experience using current data visualization tools • Experience with data querying languages, and statistical or mathematical software. • Proficient in writing algorithms, and knowing when to apply them. • Excellent understanding of statistics, multi-variable calculus and linear algebra. • Outstanding communication skills
DOTNET Full Stack Developer - Python, R, MLDOTNET;Evolutyz It Services Private Limited;Visakhapatnam;5-10 Years;Not Specified;• Coding knowledge and experience with several languages: CSharp,DOTNET,DOTNET Core, SQL, HTML, JavaScript, etc. • Strong problem-solving skills with an emphasis on product development. • Experience using statistical computer languages (R, Python, MLDOTNET, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets. • Experience working with and creating data architectures.Knowledge of a variety of machine learning techniques (clustering, decision tree learning, artificial neural networks, etc.) and their real-world advantages/drawbacks.Knowledge of advanced statistical techniques and concepts (regression, properties of distributions, statistical tests and proper usage, etc.) and experience with applications. • Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams. • Drive to learn and master new technologies and techniques. • Master’s or Bachelors in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science or another quantitative field. • Interested candidates send your resume to [HIDDEN TEXT]
Engineering Manager-Data Science and Machine Learning;Flexi Careers India Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;15-20 Years;Not Specified;• PhD/Masters/Bachelors in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, or related disciplines. • 5+ years of experience in software engineering or DevOps automation or data engineering • Excellent understanding of software engineering principles and design patterns. • Excellent programming skills in either Python, Scala, or Java
Software Solution Developer;Aptusai Engineering Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;1-4 Years;Not Specified;Required Qualification/ Experience • Programming skills for complex algorithm development • Proficient in linear algebra, optimization, and mathematical modeling  • Bachelors in an engineering, mathematics or applied physics field • Excellent and efficient problem-solving skills • Ability to work and communicate in a group environment • Must be able to teach themselves new ideas via research • 1-4 years’ experience in the similar fields  Desired qualifications/experience  • Data science, aerospace, robotics, and/or medical background preferred. • Experience with OpenCV, Tensorflow, Keras etc. (computer vision and/or machine learning tool sets). • Masters or PhD in a relevant (mechanical, aerospace, computer, software) engineering, mathematics or applied physics field. • Experience programming in one of the following languages: Python, C/C++, CSharp, Java, Matlab/Octave, R, Fortran
NLP Scientist at Mumbai;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Mumbai;4-6 Years;830000-1850000;Responsibilities: o Research & prototype new unsupervised algorithms using combination of NLP & ML o Implement the production version of prototype for relevant domains o Perform in depth analysis of failure points of algorithm on different environments o Improve precision & recall by using data generated by human agents at the failure point of current algorithm o Scale all the models for multiple domains Required Skills: o Exceptional problem-solving skills and strong business/ product thinking o 4+ years of relevant experience applying NLP, ML, text-mining, social network analysis, information retrieval, information extraction, AI, deep learning, and Machine translation, etc. o Proficient with at least one Programming Languages like Python, Java, and C++ o Strong in making sense of unstructured data and must be hands-on with Regex o Experienced in using tools like Stanford CoreNLP, Gensim, NLTK, and other NLP related libraries o Speech recognition, topic modeling, machine translation, natural language understanding, parsing, question answering, etc o Rich experience in Automated Chat, Chatbots, Online Messaging, Bots, Conversational Interface products o Develop framework to capture complex dialogues and imagining conversational interfaces for various apps. o  Expose experience in different messaging (Skype, Fb Messenger etc.) and speech platforms (Siri, Cortana, Amazon Echo etc o Expertise in text mining (probabilistic topic model, word association mining, ontology learning, opinion mining and sentiment analysis, semantic similarity, etc.) o Experience working with SQL, NoSQL & graph Database o Relevant publications in reputed conferences o Sense of responsibility & ownership of given tasks o Strong communication skills o Self starter willing to learn things on the fly Eligibility: Post Graduate in Mathematics/ Statistics/ Economics/ Computers/ Commerce/ Engineering with 4 years of relevant experience Please contact R. ChandraShekar @ 9533601953
AI Specialist;Cinfinite Technologies;Saudi Arabia;5-12 Years;Not Specified;Artificial Intelligence(AI) Engineer required for a leading IT Company at Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.Candidate should be able to lead the AI strategy of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.Candidate should have good experience on AI Implementation.
Graphic Designer - Fresher/Experienced;Graphic Impressions;Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-3 Years;120000-200000;The role will involve understanding of client input, may require interaction with client, content visualization, implementing feedback and executing the project for final delivery. Candidates residing in and around Mulund, Thane or closer central suburbs will be given preference. This is considering the ease of commuting. Required Candidate profile : - We believe in women empowerment, and bulk of our team is formed by women for over 20 years. Our primary preference therefore is Female candidates. - The candidate should have a reasonably good understanding of basic graphic concepts, as well as be comfortable with basic drawing ,design and lay-outing skills. - Good understanding of Microsoft PowerPoint - Candidates with basic knowledge of Adobe Illustrator / CorelDRAW, Photoshop will be preferred - Although the candidate may not have professional industry experience, he/she should be efficient, skilled and reasonably fast in understanding design tools and concepts in PowerPoint, AI/CorelDraw, Photoshop. - It will be desirable, if candidate has undergone some kind of formal/informal design training from design training institutes. - Reasonable understanding, interpretation of English (Reading and Writing) - Candidates having additional skills of animation, videos editing, motion graphic will be preferred (but not mandatory). - In case the candidate has an ability to independently understand client communication, do the correct interpretation and if required communicate with client, it will help him/her accelerate promotion to higher project management roles. - Good interpersonal communication skills and ability to work well in a team is a must.
Python Developer - Full Time Remote Developer;Conigital Group;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Delhi;2-12 Years;Not Specified;Responsibilities: * Work with colleagues to clarify business requirements * Develop cross-platform mobile applications on iOS & Android * Produce clear, high-quality code (SOLID, DRY, MVVM, other patterns) * Maintain quality unit tests and CI/CD pipeline * Produce quality design documentation Experience: * 3+ years of experience in a related role * Experience in developing in Python, Java and Javascript. * Working knowledge of web service interfaces. * Key fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structures and distributed systems. * Experience designing interactive applications, test-driven development. * Ability to document requirements and specifications. * Experience of working with configuration management tools, software testing practices, verification and software QA. Nice-to-have: * Experience with / Knowledge of team collaboration and communication tools like JIRA, Teams, Azure DevOps, and Git. * Familiarity with real-time messaging systems (MQTT/AMQP/WebSockets). Attributes: * Can-do, positive attitude. * Intelligence, listening and learning. * Proactivity, energy, enthusiasm. * Collaborative and non-hierarchical style of working. * Strong technical skills linked to business acumen. * Able to command a high-profile presence both internally and externally. * Able to adjust approach and communication style in empathy with the audience. * Able to demonstrate courage and conviction to deliver better strategic outcomes We offer a great package that includes training, development, succession planning, a structured career path to grow and a healthy bonus and share options related to hitting key personal and company milestones. If joining a growing cutting-edge technology organisation with great prospects in an emerging £billion sector and working with a brilliant motivated team appeals to you, get in touch with us now. The right candidate will be asked to start immediately.
LEAD ENGINEER;Resource Access Management Solutions Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;14-18 Years;Not Specified;JOB DESCRIPTION 1.Candidates should experience in Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning 2.Should have experience in Python Development 3.Should have experience in working with Machine Learning frameworks such as Tensorflow, Apache MXNet, H2O, Caffe etc. 4.Should have exp in Deep learning, Neural network, Natural Language processing 5.Should have experience in CI/CD tools 6.Should have lead a team 7.Candidate must be at architect level ORGANIZATION WRITE-UP Our purpose is to shape a world where people and communities thrive. That is why we strive to create a balanced, sustainable economy in which everyone can take part and build a better life. We employ more than 50,000 people and have our global headquarters in Melbourne. The Global Bank is among the top 4 banks in Australia, the largest banking group in New Zealand and Pacific, and among the top 50 banks in the world. To apply, send your updated resume to OTHER SERVICES OF RAMSOL
Hiring For Python  Trainer for Seven Mentor Salary upto 4.5lac;Seven Mentor And Training Private Limited;Pune;2-4 Years;Not Specified;ob Description Send me Jobs like this Hello, Greetings from Seven Mentor Pvt Ltd...!!! We are seeking for   Python Trainer  who has sound knowledge on the technologies. Designation - Python Trainer Experience - 1 to 4 Years CTC Range - 2 to 5 LPA Location - Pune Position - 4 Joining Date: Immediate/1 Week Key Skills: Machine Learning, Python, Djano framework, R programming, Deep learning ( AI), Kotlin, Tableau Splunk, IOT, RPA , Power BI, Spark (Scala) , Kotlin Excellent in Coding- C++ or Python Role & Responsibilities: Training Students on Python, Machine Learning, IOT and Artificial Intelligence Required expert level training would be provided by company. Able to cater College Seminar, Workshop and Corporate training Candidate with excellent communication skill and passion in teaching and technology only should apply. Needs to train in- house students, beginners and professionals on Python and Machine Learning. Designing training programmer based on the needs of the organization. Must be presentable and smart and should have very good communication skills. Strong quantitative background e.g. statistics and econometrics Technical analytics skills and usage of analytics software. For more Information kindly contact us. HR Sonali Jagadale 8855992291 [HIDDEN TEXT] Note: any additional technology will be added advantage Required Candidate profile Joining Date: Immediate/1 Week
Analyst 3;3S Business Advisors Private Limited;Jamshedpur;3-7 Years;Not Specified;Responsibilities : Main Purpose of the Job  To develop solutions based on advanced analytics (machine learning, ANN etc.). To develop visualization of data to reveal hidden insights To develop and maintain solutions (DOTNET, R, Python, AIMMS, etc) To facilitate implementation of insights and analytic findings for deriving business benefit.  Key Accountabilities  No. of projects related to data analytics and improvement in EBIDTA Productivity and cost related improvements based on the results generated from Analytics solutions/modeling Continuous improvement of solutions implemented on a frequent basis To study the big data and assess relationship between different process variables through deep understanding/discussions  Qualification, Experience & Skills  B Tech/ BE or M Tech/ ME in Mechanical/ Metallurgical/ Electrical/ Electronics/ Computer Science/ Instrumentation/ Industrial Engineering/ Operations PhD or M.Sc.(Maths / Statistics) or in any other relevant discipline.  Relevant experience  Experience related to advanced analytics (Machine learning, Deep learning, Fuzzy logic, data visualisation, statistics, Derived data analysis etc). Programming and process trouble-shooting experience (R, Python ) will be preferred. Exposure to mathematical modelling will be preferred. Understanding of statistics and statistical modelling will be required. Good process knowledge related to supply chain, iron and steel manufacturing, marketing or mining/mineral processing is preferable. Programming skills using a high level language (preferably in DOTNET environment) will be necessary. Knowledge on data acquisition, analytics, statistics and other mathematical modelling tools will be useful. Sound concepts on Big data analytics will be helpful.  Technical Competencies  Statistics, Data analytics, Artificial intelligence, programming, system engineering and flow design, Logic building, Scenario analysis Primary Skills :  Business process  Experience :  3.00 To 7.00 Years 3yrs experience post ME,M.Tech/ PhD 5 yrs experience post B.E,B.Tech./ M. Sc,  Experience related to advanced analytics (Machine learning, Deep learning, Fuzzy logic, data visualisation, statistics, Derived data analysis etc). Programming and process trouble-shooting experience (R, Python ) will be preferred. Exposure to mathematical modelling will be preferred. Understanding of statistics and statistical modelling will be required. Good process knowledge related to supply chain, iron and steel manufacturing, marketing or mining/mineral processing is preferable. Programming skills using a high level language (preferably in DOTNET environment) will be necessary. Knowledge on data acquisition, analytics, statistics and other mathematical modelling tools will be useful. Sound concepts on Big data analytics will be helpful.
Machine Learning;I- Square Soft;Bengaluru / Bangalore;3-5 Years;Not Specified;Image processing (using OpenCV). Contribution to research communities and/or A publication record in international journals and conferences. (NIPS, ICML, AAAI, CVPR, etc.) Research experience in deep learning.
Team Lead/ Lead ML Engineer;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Pune;1-5 Years;375000-850000;Job Description : Job Description 1. Having a minimum of 1 year of open CV/ computer Vision or image processing experience. We would prefer the experience to range from 2-4 years ideally. 2. Have experience in ML , deep learning in python. 3. machine learning
AI Developer;TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;4-8 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : 2+ years of hands-on technical experience in developing AI & Machine Learning algorithms on cloud and web-based platforms • Strong knowledge of data sources, data types, formats of structured, semi-structured and unstructured data • Experience in creating data extraction, transformation and integration mechanisms • Understand the business needs and develop them into technical solutions • Client side working experience in big data, Hadoop and/or cloud technologies • Demonstrate programming experience in Python using Jupyter Notebook/Pycharm or any other tools • Experience with dynamic languages like JavaScript, HTML5, React.js/Angular JS/JQuery/ExtJS • Experience with REST, SOAP Services, XML, JSON • Experience with solution development and application architecture with JEE(J2EE
Machine Learning;Prisma Global Limited;Mumbai;2-4 Years;300000-700000;- Familiarity with some ORM (Object Relational Mapper) libraries - Able to integrate multiple data sources and databases into one system - Understanding of the threading limitations of Python, and multi-process architecture - Understanding of accessibility and security compliance - Understanding of fundamental design principles behind a scalable application - Familiarity with event-driven programming in Python. - Able to create database schemas that represent and support business processes - Strong unit test and debugging skills - Proficient understanding of code versioning tools - Good problem solving skills. - Familiarity with REST APIs.
Web Developer;eAnswer Network India Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;1-3 Years;Not Specified;Responsibilities: • Interpreting client specifications and identifying website user requirements. • Creating timeframes and work schedules to meet deadlines. • Communicating effectively with the clients and the teams. • Updating records and writing reports. • Debugging websites and ensuring software documentation is updated. • Liaising with mobile developers. • Establishing strong professional relationships with clients and other professionals. • Conducting research and keeping abreast of social media marketing trends. • Supervising junior web developers, analyzing areas of weakness, and scheduling training sessions accordingly. Skills Required:  • Must have1+ years of Experience in Web Development • Proficient in WordPress, E-Commerce Platforms, BootStrap 4. • Expertise in programming languages Javascript, Jquery, PHP, MySQL, HTML, CSS. • Experience in debugging web applications for all standard browsers, including Chrome, Internet Explorer, Safari and Firefox. • Expertise in API Integrations. • Knowledge of PS, AI and AE are preferred. Qualification: • Bachelor’s or equivalent • Experience required Eligibility Criteria: Candidate should possess Good Communication skills and positive attitude, Team handling capabilities.
Python Developers-Immediate openings in Navi Mumbai;Durus Consulting Private Limited;Navi Mumbai;4-6 Years;710000-960000;Python Developers with 4 to 6 yrs of exp,Immediate to 1 month preferable. Responsibilities: Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field required. Project type: Java / Python related projects, AI / Machine learning Client industry / Project type: Manufacturing / Retail / Telecommunication in south east Asia Tools in project use: Java / Python, Apache, Tomcat, Oracle etc., Eclipse, Machine learning Required skill(s): JAVA Programming, System Analysis, Business Requirement Gathering and Analysis, JavaScript and HTML5, Ms SQL Server Preferred skill(s): SharePoint, AD, SAP or any related ERP knowledge
Azure LogicApps Solution Architect;Brain Management Consultants India Private Limited;Mumbai;13-16 Years;Not Specified;Azure LogicApps Solution Architect Exp: 13 – 16yrs Level: Only D1  Work Location: Mumbai Only  Notice: 45 days Max Diversity candidates Preferred   Job Description: • 10+ Years of experience in Building Software platforms and systems, using cloud and distributed systems using Big Data , Machine Learning and artificial intelligence. • Strong Experience in building real-world AI / ML systems and Productizing and Scaling them in a large-scale, distributed model and system integration experience. • Prior solutioning experience with No SQL databases, data streaming and integrating unstructured data • Experience in Large Scale Digital architectures, real-time systems will be desired. • Experience in building robust data pipelines and familiarity with ETL / Data Wrangling tools • Experience working in a cloud environment (AWS, Azure) or a containerized environment (Mesos, Kubernetes) • Hands on experience in one or more of the following AI technologies: natural language processing, computer vision, machine learning, deep learning would be required. • knowledge and experience in some of the key AI platform, e.g. AWS, Azure, IBM Watson, Google • Knowledge and experience of key machine learning and deep learning framework, e.g. Tensorflow, Caffe, CNTK, commercial technologies / platforms, etc • Leadership or participation in prior artificial intelligence platforms strongly preferred • Experience in architecting and Building the solutions starting with Proof of concept to Pilot and solution productization. • Strong experience in software engineering, with a good understanding of software architecture, optimization, and programming patterns and paradigms
python Developer;Kaarya Consulting Services Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;4-8 Years;Not Specified;"Requirements: - Strong Python programming (not scripting) experience - Object - oriented programming & design experience - Excellent problem solving and analytical skills - API micro-services architecture and design experience preferred - Data analytics & machine learning experience, a plus - Possess excellent written and verbal communication skills - Strong aptitude for learning new technologies - Ability to estimate work completion required to build an overall predictable plan - Work collaboratively within a team of other engineers and have strong influencing and leadership skills - Generalist technical knowledge within department and working knowledge of major system component interactions; Recognized expert in a portion of product area - Strong generalist understanding of concepts related to computer architecture, data structures and standard programming practices - Develop longer-range project plans and schedules for individual or work for a small team - Creative and analytical approach to problem solving"
Job Opening for DATA SCIENTIST;Andnr Soft Solutions Private Limited;Chennai;5-10 Years;Not Specified;Job Opportunity for Data Scientist Roles and Responsibilities: 1. Execute the end to end ML processes (from data identification till insights discovery) 2. Assessing the quality & comprehensiveness of data 3. Data Pre - processing, modelling & post processing of data 4. Ability to identify insights from the data 5. Comfortable with statistical principles (like ANOVA, hypothesis test etc..) and apply them with the data sets 6. Machine Learning: Able to work with algorithms – understand, interpret and devise your own algorithm for the business problem. Selection of right algorithms (Regression, Classification,) 7. Experiences in Algorithms – Neural network, Random Forest, 8. Measure the performance of the data science model using metrics & come out with methods to improve he performance of the model 9. Experience in deploying ML models in the cloud – AWS / MS Azure 10. Experience in handling sensors data, text data Must have done project on Vehicle data analytics for automobile industry, Commercial Vehicle OEM, India  Requirements: Must have: 1. Data modelling Skills : SQL, Python, C, Tensor Flow 2. Experience : Minimum 5 years of relevant experience in Machine Learning 3. Projects : Minimum 3 projects (not academic with Kaggle competitions,..) in data science projects delivered to customers 4. Domain : Automotive/Manufacturing
Software Developer / UI Development (HTML5 / Angular JS / Open JDK / CSS);Maestrotek Innovations Private Limited;Pune;2-6 Years;300000-600000;Job description Looking for energetic & talented Software Developers to join our team for building IoT, Edge and Cloud computing products. You will work as part of our development team creating Cloud based software & Edge Computing products, solutions. key responsibilities Work as member of software development team Develop UI and dashboards with HTML5, Bootstrap, CSS, JavaScript, Angular JS Framework Develop server side back-end in MVC, Node.JS, Java, PHP, Python Create project documentation Collaborate with firmware development team working on Edge computing device development Skill Sets Looking for one or more skill sets listed below to fit in different positions in the development team Expertise in UI/ Dashboard Development using Bootstrap, HTML5, Angular.JS, Open JDK, CSS, VU Framework Hands on experience in Mobile / Responsive App development.Expertise in MySQL, Mongo DB Or Expertise in Server side / Back-end written in Open JDK, Python, PHP or CSharpDOTNET Implementation experience in Socket programming, MQTT, AMQP, HTTPS, Web Socket, REST etc. Hands on experience in security middleware SSL, TLS and their open source implementations Hands on experience on cloud platforms MS-Azure IoT Services, Amazon, IBM Bluemix, Google IoT Experience in Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence Good Analytical skills  Education / Qualification MTech / BTech /BE ( Electronics / computer science)  Experience 4+ years hands-on experience for Sr. Developer 2+ years for Developer
Software Developer -Java/J2EE;Freelancer Veena - Chandra CG;Thiruvananthapuram / Trivandrum;3-8 Years;Not Specified;Preferred skills: Expertise in Java / J2EE Location :Trivandrum DOJ: Immediate ( preferred ) Regards, Lekshmi chithra, HR recruiter, Smart and Prompt HR services pvt ltd. (Offer letter )
Machine Learning Lead Engineer;CareerXperts Consulting;Chennai;4-6 Years;Not Specified;"You will join a Billion Dollar Pre IPO Startup! Experience 4 - 12 Years of Experience Qualification  Bachelors or Master s degree in Computer science or related field  A strong grounding in Data structures and algorithms, Database concepts  Good oral and written communication skills, analytical and problem - solving skills  Hands - on programming experience in JVM languages and Python  Experience in building scalable, high - performance, low latency systems  Foundation in basic math concepts  Background in big data tech, streaming applications  Prior experience in building and deploying ML systems  Familiarity with Machine learning algorithms  Ability to design ML systems end - to - end; this includes big - data handling, pre - processing, model generation logic, model persistence including choice of online data stores, etc., systems for consuming active feedback (online learning), web services to publish model predictions to consumers.  Responsibilities"
Senior Full Stack Analytical Lead -Chennai/Bangalore;Saggezza India Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Chennai;4-10 Years;Not Specified;• ESSENTIAL: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent & a master’s degree in Business Analytics, Statistics, Data Analytics, Information Systems, Data Science or equivalent • Minimum of 4+ years of practical hands on experience working with SQL/SQL Server and Python for data extraction, migration, manipulation, data warehousing, data modelling or analytics purposes. • Proficiency with modern data tools and cloud technologies would be advantageous. These can include but not limited to Hadoop, Kafka, Snowflake DW, PowerBI, Tableau, AWS, Azure, GCP & IBM Cloud • Excellent working knowledge of machine learning on technology stacks such as Python, Numpy, Scipy, Scikit-Learn, Apache Spark and R using libraries such as e1071 and Caret • Excellent fluency in data manipulation tasks using frameworks. such as pandas, plyr, Spark. • Ability to build APIs on multiple cloud platform. • Excellent practitioners with critical thinking skills in data, machine learning and statistical analysis • Excellent working knowledge of SQL and NoSQL databases, algorithms and programming paradigms • Analytical mind and business acumen with problem solving aptitude • Excellent interpersonal, presentation and written communication skills are a must • Able to lead a team and guide them technically. Nice to Have: • Would be a nice to have if you are certified on any cloud platform certification • Good understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as kNN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc. • Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab, etc (Depending on specific project requirements) • Good working knowledge of deep learning frameworks such as Tensorflow, PyTorch, Keras, Caffe and an ability to work with frameworks such as Tesseract, OpenCV, etc. • Good Knowledge of Computer Vision, Image Processing, Speech Recognition, Natural Language Understanding, Text Mining, Computational Genomics, Bioinformatics, other Machine Intelligence/Artificial Intelligence related areas. • Ability to work effectively in a Linux environment, on cloud-based virtual machines and containers Notice-0-30days
Scientist in Machine Learning;MNR Solutions Private Limited;India;;Not Specified;Job Description: Job Description: Research on data-driven descriptive and predictive machine learning models leveraging the large amount of data to improve customer experience. Areas include, but not limited to: deep learning, reinforcement learning, statistical learning, kernel method, feature selection, etc. Design and implement machine learning models for commercial applications
Data Engineer;Fanatics E-Commerce India LLP;Nalgonda;5-10 Years;Not Specified;Job Responsibilities  Play a key developer role and be part of building Data Infrastructure components such as Tracking, Messaging Queues, and Real Time Streaming & Batch Data Pipelines Deliver high quality data engineering components/services that are robust and scalable Collaborate and communicate effectively with other team members to deliver strong results Methodical approach to areas such as Data Modeling, Data Quality Guide others in the team on architecture, design and quality engineering practices Leverage these foundational Data Infrastructure to integrate machine learning & statistical models into real time services and power the BI & Visualization layers Work closely with data scientists to assist on feature engineering, model training frameworks, and model deployments at scale Job Requirements  Must have 5+ years of experience with Big Data technologies such as Hadoop, Amazon EMR, Pig, Hive, Spark, and Redshift Must have experience in building data platform – designing and building data model, integrate data from many sources, build ETL and data-flow pipelines, and support all parts of the data platform Must have expert level SQL programming knowledge and experience. Expertise with at least one programming language - Python, Java or Scala Experience in Web Services, API integration, Data exchanges with third parties is preferred Data Analysis skill – can make arguments with data and proper visualization Energetic, enthusiastic, detail-oriented, and passionate about producing high-quality analytics deliverables Knowledge of basic statistical analysis and machine learning MS/BS in Computer Science, MIS, Mathematics, Physics or other quantitative field or relevant work experience  Tryouts are open at Fanatics! Our team is passionate, talented, unified, and charged with creating the fan experience of tomorrow. The ball is in your court now
Scientist in Computer Vision;MNR Solutions Private Limited;India;;Not Specified;Job Description: Job Description: Client has a large variety of data for research and analysis. All products have pictures and descriptions. Researchers in computer vision will work on object recognition, image/video processing, analysis, indexing, retrieval, classification and compression,etc. Our researchers bring core computer vision expertise to commerce, and combine computer vision and machine learning techniques for large-scale image/video data.
/CD Machine Learning;Prosum Technology Services;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;3-6 Years;Not Specified;Role duties: Maintain Webroot’ s Machine Learning systems: Develop CI/CD workflows Automate deployments Supervise training of Machine Learning Models Maintaining and assuring quality of published Models Develop and design enhancements and improvements to current Machine Learning System Desired skills: 3+ years professional experience Experience with and deep understanding of non-functional requirements (e.g. testability, scalability, maintainability, etc.) Strong background in System Software Development and Software Design Experience in designing and developing services, frameworks and APIs Experience with DevOps systems and processes Proficient in Relational Database development (MySQL, Oracle …) Experience in big data frameworks and tools (Spark, Hadoop, NoSQL …) Experience with AWS Strong knowledge and experience in Linux and Windows Nice to have: Math / Computational background Machine Learning Data Science Experience in distributed system development
Principal Architect Digital;Conneqt Business Solutions Limited;India;15-18 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Job Description : Role and Responsibilities This role will be Leader Technology CoE Team with complete accountability of defining, delivering, managing and growing Digital practice Will be required to work on business process automation platforms, develop new solutions, and enable adoption of automation solutions across Enterprise Manage teams of RPA developers, Architects to deliver multiple digital programs / projects / initiatives at client side and enterprise side Driving the adoption of best practices around coding, design, quality and performance of Partner with our customers to identify the best standard or customized solution covering RPA, Analytics and complex solutions that meets their requirements in terms of Digital strategy Responsible for Architectural decisions in designing and implementing Applications Build Reusable Architectures, Solutions, Repositories and best practices as CoE Assets and IPs reducing key man dependencies and creating robust framework of knowledge management and L&D Skills and Experience Experience in RPA tools, Data Analytics and related Tools to build end to end solution Experience/exposure to Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning, and Artificial Intelligence tools Exposure to defining Enterprise level automation Architecture and ability to design and evaluate overall Architecture of the automation solutions Avid technologist, exploring newer technologies and solutions Hands on development experience in Microsoft DOTNET technologies or Java Technologies with inclination towards hands on Architect Proficient in System Analysis and Design on all aspects Overall l 15+ years of experience in Technology Practice/CoE preferably Enterprise Automation and Automation Experience (RPA, AI, ML, Business Analytics) of more than 5+ years. Hands-on development experience in any of the programming languages/platforms DOTNET / VB / VC++ / C++ / J2EE experience in Microsoft stack is highly preferred. Engineering Graduate with required exp and certifications
APPLICATION DEVELOPER (PL/SQL & ETL) - US MNC - BANGALORE;Strivex Consulting Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;7-11 Years;Not Specified;SPECIFIC RESPONSIBILITIES Perform requirements gathering, data model design, ETL Development using Oracle PL/SQL. Analyze source data using complex SQL queries to come up with best possible data model design. Debug and performance tune existing ETLs, reports and dashboards by analyzing relevant SQL queries. RELEVANT EXPERIENCE and TRAINING 7+ years of experience in Data Warehouse and Business Intelligence. 7+ years of proven experience in PL/SQL programming, stored procedures, functions. 7+ years of experience in data analysis and troubleshooting skills with ability to write complex SQL queries and performance tuning in Oracle database. OBIEE, Python, Data Science knowledge will be added advantage. 7+ years of PLSQL, SQL
Senior Software Validation Engineer;Career Xperts Consulting;Bengaluru / Bangalore;4-9 Years;Not Specified;Qualification  Ways to stand out from the crowd  Demonstrate test design for a complex scientific instrumentation or an embedded systems product  Certifications on testing processes like ISTQB  Responsibilities  Understand instrument software features, use cases, specifications and translate it to test strategies and test plan design  Plan resourcing needs and estimate effort  Perform manual testing of new software features by following the testing practices defined in the organization  Participate in design and test reviews  Work with the developers and application engineers to optimize/fine-tune software features  Work with the production team to identify, setup and support the production validation effort  Mentor a team of validation and automation engineers  Root-cause and help fix bugs identified in testing  Support internal and external customers on issues found  Take ownership of validation cycle for software releases
Data Scientist, Abu Dhabi;Luxoft India Llp;Abu Dhabi;;Not Specified;Project Description Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning (AI & ML) is revolutionising large parts of the financial services industry.. Excelians Digital Consulting team is investing in these technologies, and is actively building up a new AI, ML and Analytics Practice across a number of regions. In particular, we are therefore looking to hire Data Scientists into our Abu Dhabi and Dubai practices. You will be conducting analysis, design and development of AI and Machine Learning prototypes, and POCs, and assisting to deploy these into Production. You will be working with some of the leading organizations in the region, and collaborating with other teams in our practice. We are interested in hearing from individuals with a strong AI & ML background. Deep Learning and NLP, and associated techniques are of particular interest. Current projects include (among others): - NLP, semantic search and information extraction on a large corpus Analysis and development of predictive analytics for trading in certain markets - Revenue prediction - Fraud / anomaly detection Responsibilities You will work alongside a strong, global team of individuals with diverse backgrounds and skills in analytics and data science to: - Analyse, design and develop AI & ML prototypes and proof of concepts - Identify and analyse data sources, whether internally or for clients, and perform feature engineering for integration into models - Build analytical data models on ML platforms, to successfully realise client goals You will assist the practice in: - Developing practice thought leadership materials Participating in pre-sales work and client work as necessary - Discovering and verifying opportunities for new business Helping to structure work, planning new analyses, translating business questions into analytical projects You will collaborate with business and technology partners to grow and develop the data science practice Skills Must Your Skills Required: - Strong modelling skills in one or more of neural networks, classification, clustering and regression problems, NLP, multivariate analysis (MVA), time series, and similar - Hands-on experience applying machine learning techniques using packages such as scikit-learn, TensorFlow, Keras, pytorch, NLTK, DSSTNE and various others - Solid engineering and scripting skills in one or more of Python, R, SAS, Matlab and SPSS - Excellent analytical skills - Strong communication and presentation skills, both verbal and written. The successful candidates will be expected to communicate effectively with both business and technical teams - Arabic speaker Your Experience Required: - Post-graduate degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Computer Science, Computational Statistics, Physics, Operations Research or other similar quantitative field - At least two years of experience in data science, in particular in designing, developing, validating, and deploying predictive models - Experience with advanced Machine Learning techniques including neural networks, deep learning, and reinforcement learning, as well as a background in more classic machine learning techniques Your Experience Required: - Degree in Computer Science, or equivalent experience - At least two years of software development experience Nice to have Your skills Desired: - Experience in using mainstream computer languages, eg Java, CSharp etc. - Experience in visualizing and communicating data using tools such as Qlik, Tableau, PowerBI or similar. Good understanding of sourcing and wrangling data from big data sources - Experience in one or more platform, eg Dataiku, DataRobot, H20.ai, Knime etc. Your experience Desired: - Experience in the analysis of large, complex, multi- dimensional data-sets with a variety of analytical methods
Head of Data Science - Fintech Domain - Delhi;Hyrezy Talent Solutions;Delhi, Delhi NCR;7-12 Years;5000000-6000000;Job Role : Head of Data Science Location : Delhi Experience Required : 7+ Years Budget Range : 50 - 60 LPA Our client is looking for a phenomenal hands-on Head of Data Science to analyse massive sets of data, generate powerful insights, and create data products which directly inform our daily decisions on growth, retention, revenue, merchandising, new categories, operational efficiencies, and consumer experiences. The Data Science department will apply quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to guide and steer the teams efforts to convey key product trends and opportunities. Ultimately, you will lead (and grow) the team to develop machine-learning algorithms to personalize user experience, product recommendations, and churn intervention.  Roles and Responsibilities: Set the vision, create a roadmap, and maintain (and invest) in infrastructure-team-process. Set the culture and mission to attract the best team possible. Continuously refine the set of priorities for a team of Data Scientists, Data Engineers and Analytics Managers. Oversee the development of the technology stack that will enable data exploration and analysis including: data architecture, tagging and operational processes, data taxonomy, and reporting. Work with all stakeholders (marketing, operations, merchandising, finance, product design, etc.) by gathering data from all business units, developing requirements, ascertaining priorities, and reporting progress. Build applications, both consumer-facing and internal, so that we can collect and analyse billions of real-time data points on our products, service, and customers - and instantaneously optimize customer experience or resource utilization. Manage reports, create dashboards, and visualize data to communicate the delivery of information to stakeholders. Ensure all the three phases of ETL (extract, transform, load) execute in parallel and are managed seamlessly. Consider important KPIs and measurements including latency, concurrency, access pattern, queries, data scope, end users, and the technologies employed.  Qualifications Min 7+ years of expertise working on and managing analytics/data science teams with consumer-facing companies (ideally in the eCommerce and/or subscription space). Ability to both manage and recruit a team while still being hands-on. Fluency in R, Python, or Julia. Experience with relational databases / SQL. Experience using Dynamo, Cassandra, Hbase, or other non-relational DB. High skill in data visualization. Proven ability to set a vision of where we will be in 2-5 years and set in place the systems-level thinking to get there. General industry knowledge of how distributed database infrastructure has been the solution to handling some of the biggest data warehouses on the planet - i.e. the likes of Netflix, Google, Amazon, Facebook, LinkedIn, and Twitter. Solid understanding of the Data Scientist project lifecycle processes including: initiation, identification of data needs, methodology selection, proof of concept, release and version control, validation and experimentation, production releases, maintenance and iteration. Deep understanding how to extract data from homogeneous or heterogeneous data sources (ETL), and transform the data for storing it in the proper format or structure for the purposes of querying and analysis. Experience developing dashboards and key metrics to track the business and inform strategy. Comfort with ambiguity and constant change. A strong communication skill set to make sure your team understands the why behind what they are building as well as how they are going to measure to understand success.  Education UG: Any Graduate in Any Specialization PG: Any Postgraduate in Any Specialization Doctorate: Doctorate Not Required
Deep Learning Scientist;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Mumbai;2-6 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Job Description Execute &take ownership of DL projects end-to-end. Good exposure to various DLalgorithms & frameworks Must be able to read research papers (eg: some novel architectures, training techniques, etc.be able to implement it fully to solve our specific problems Required Candidate profile Experience in implementing object detection, GAN €™s. Knowledge of reinforcement learning is a plus. Good grasp and detailed knowledge of any one deep learning library (PyTorch, TensorFlow, etc.) is a must
Python Developer opening in Dadar, Mumbai location;null;Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai;1-5 Years;Not Specified;1.Graduate (or higher) in Computer Science (preferably) or Mathematics or Statistics or Engineering. We also welcome candidates who do not have any schooling but have learned programming on their own and have been able to do a complex project in their own free time 2. Programming proficiency in Python (3-5 years) who wants to get practical data science experience 3. Experience of working with relational (SQL) and non-relational databases. 4. In-depth understanding of Statistical Concepts and Machine Learning Algorithms – Beginners knowledge of some courses online would be useful 5. Some prior knowledge of stock market and trading strategies would be an added advantage, not necessary. 6. Excellent Communication skills and be able to explain complex concepts.
Senior Developer;Flexi Careers India Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;5-8 Years;Not Specified;"BS/MS degree in Computer Science with strong foundation in algorithms and data structures Extensive data engineering, infrastructure, or full-stack programming experience Extensive core Java and / or Python programming expertise; Exposure to advanced mathematics, statistics, data science, or machine learning as part of electives / core courses / academic projects"
Data Engineer India;Fanatics E-Commerce India LLP;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;5-10 Years;Not Specified;Job Responsibilities  Play a key developer role and be part of building Data Infrastructure components such as Tracking, Messaging Queues, and Real Time Streaming & Batch Data Pipelines Deliver high quality data engineering components/services that are robust and scalable Collaborate and communicate effectively with other team members to deliver strong results Methodical approach to areas such as Data Modeling, Data Quality Guide others in the team on architecture, design and quality engineering practices Leverage these foundational Data Infrastructure to integrate machine learning & statistical models into real time services and power the BI & Visualization layers Work closely with data scientists to assist on feature engineering, model training frameworks, and model deployments at scale Job Requirements  Must have 5+ years of experience with Big Data technologies such as Hadoop, Amazon EMR, Pig, Hive, Spark, and Redshift Must have experience in building data platform – designing and building data model, integrate data from many sources, build ETL and data-flow pipelines, and support all parts of the data platform Must have expert level SQL programming knowledge and experience. Expertise with at least one programming language - Python, Java or Scala Experience in Web Services, API integration, Data exchanges with third parties is preferred Data Analysis skill – can make arguments with data and proper visualization Energetic, enthusiastic, detail-oriented, and passionate about producing high-quality analytics deliverables Knowledge of basic statistical analysis and machine learning MS/BS in Computer Science, MIS, Mathematics, Physics or other quantitative field or relevant work experience  Tryouts are open at Fanatics! Our team is passionate, talented, unified, and charged with creating the fan experience of tomorrow. The ball is in your court now
Machine Learning Developer, Abu Dhabi;Luxoft India Llp;Other India;3-5 Years;Not Specified;Project Description Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning (AI & ML) is revolutionising large parts of the financial services industry.. Excelians Digital Consulting team is investing in these technologies, and is actively building up a new AI, ML and Analytics Practice across a number of regions. In particular, we are therefore looking to hire a Machine Learning Developer into our Abu Dhabi and Dubai practices. You will work with Data Scientists in developing AI and Machine Learning prototypes and POCs, and taking the lead in making these Production-ready, developing the Production environment, integrating with existing applications, and deploying models into Production. You will be working with leading organizations in the region, and collaborating with other teams in our practice. We are interested in hearing from individuals with a strong development background especially Python development but who also have a keen interest in AI & ML, and preferably some background in the Mathematical Sciences. Current projects include (among others): - NLP, semantic search and information extraction on a large corpus, coupled with an enterprise platform - Analysis and development of predictive analytics for trading in certain markets - Revenue prediction models and integration into prediction syste,s Fraud / anomaly detection Responsibilities You will work alongside a strong, global team of individuals with diverse backgrounds and skills in a variety of areas to: - Develop AI & ML prototypes and proof of concepts - Integrate data sources, via different integration channels - Take the lead in productionising analytic libraries, and integrating the models into the relevant production systems. - Build and integrate analytical data models on ML platforms You will assist the practice in: - Developing templates and accelerators, across a variety of libraries and platforms. - Participating in pre-sales work and client work as necessary - Discovering and verifying opportunities for new business Helping to structure work, planning new analyses, translating business questions into analytical projects You will collaborate with business and technology partners to grow and develop the data science practice Skills Must Strong development skills, preferably in Python. Other languages might be considered. Some knowledge of, or exposure to Machine Learning techniques and practices Exposure to the full Software Development Life Cycle, and experience of working in a modern development team Good analytical skills Strong communication skills, both verbal and written. The successful candidates will be expected to communicate effectively with both business and technical teams Required experience: Degree in Computer Science, or equivalent experience or background in one of the other Mathematical Sciences, eg Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Physics, or other similar quantitative field At least two years of software development experience Nice to have Strong background in analytics, and/or Machine-learning-as-a-service. Experience in visualization tools such as Qlik, Tableau, PowerBI or similar. Good understanding of integration patterns Experience in web app development. Arabic speaker Nice-to-have experience: Experience with / exposure to software development for analytic applications Experience in big data Experience in projects involving cross-functional teams Languages English: Advanced/Fluent
Ax Solution Developer;null;Bengaluru / Bangalore;5-7 Years;1000000-1400000;• Experience with Dynamics AX 2009/ AX 2012/ D365 and X++ • Experience with SQL/SSAS/SSRS • Experience with Microsoft SQL Server, including T-SQL, stored procedures and functions • Knowledge of basic Computer Science concepts - data structures, OO design, problem solving, etc.
Dot Net Developer;Pactera Technologies India Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;3-6 Years;Not Specified;• Effective communication skill and team player. • Experience with search, information retrieval, semantic web, graph computation is strongly preferred. • BS degree in CS or related engineering field required. • Experiences in one or more of Big data, Distributed Computing, Machine Learning, COSMOS, Azure are big plus • Familiar with Linux OS development is a plus.
Full Stack Engineer;Aarna Consultancy;Gurgaon / Gurugram;5-10 Years;Not Specified;The Role You will develop code and participate in code reviews and walk throughs, ensuring that junior members of the team are able to develop code within their own capabilities. You will liaise with partners and software vendors regarding defect/issue resolution and where appropriate, provide guidance to the project and development manager in the development of innovative solutions that have a beneficial outcome to the product or application. Day-to-Day task may include -Coding/unit testing of assigned module -Bug fixes -Code profiling and performance enhancement. You may fit this role if you possess expert knowledge in web and full-stack performance, scalability, system architecture, and engineering best practices. This position requires in-depth knowledge of design and development of interactive applications. You will be working from the customer backwards to develop insightful and effective user interfaces and the middle-end code to support them. You should have experience with agile methodologies, working experience with at least one high level language, and experience building scalable and robust user interfaces. • Develop and enhance our Cloud Platform for quality, robustness, security, and scale. • Participate in all aspects of product development from feature definition and estimation, to architecture, implementation, documentation, testing, deployment, measurement, and refinement • Design and develop our next generation line of products by taking collaborative ownership of front-end components and style implementation, as well as back-end component designs, implementation, deployment, and performance monitoring Required Skills: • 5+ years of relevant work experience •  You may work on any of the followings and o Must have solid Node.js skills o Must have worked on Angular Or React Or Express or any UI framework o Must have expert level experience in Java Or C++ Or CSharp Or Ruby o Must have in depth knowledge of SqlServer Or Postgres Or MySql, o Familiarity with Ansible, Jenkins, Maven, Ant • Telecom Experience • Team player who is comfortable working in a virtual environment • Motivated self-starter • Work ethic a must • Fluent in English Bonus if you have: • Amazon AWS experience (EC2, Lambda, CloudFormation, DynamoDb Route53, etc) Kubernetes • Event-driven architectures or distributed systems • Machine learning • CSS experience • HTML experience • React Native / iOS / Android development Be prepared to show off: • Your programming skills • Your previous projects • Your personal homepage • Your Stack Overflow account (if any) • Your open source contributions (if any)
Data Scientist;TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;8-12 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : 8 to 10 years of total software/IT engineering/code development experience. Out of this at least 6+ Data science and Data intelligence experience - Strong problem-solving skills - Expert in Python Web frameworks preferable Flask or else with on Django - Expert in SQLAlchemy or else in Django ORM - Working knowledge of psycopg- Expert in PostgreSQL - Expert in Writing SQL query - Ability to integrate multiple data sources and databases into one system - Strong knowledge of fundamental design principles behind a scalable application Familiarity with event-driven programming in Python - Understanding of the differences between multiple delivery platforms, such as mobile vs desktop, and optimizing output to match the specific platform - Able to create database schemas that represent and support business processes - Strong in creating SOAP and REST API skills - Proficient in code versioning tools such as Git- Team spirit Desirable Requirements: - Expertise in front-end technologies, such as JavaScript, HTML5, and CSS3 - Expertise in building REST API, Unit testing in python - Proven application development experience - Experience writing unit tests - Experience with ReactJS and GraphQL - Experience with SaaS Model.
NLP Scientist;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Mumbai;3-6 Years;850000-1600000;Research & prototype new unsupervised algorithms using combination of NLP & ML Implement the production version of prototype for relevant domains Perform in depth analysis of failure points of algorithm on different environments Scale all models domains Required Candidate profile relevant experience applying NLP,ML,text-mining,social network analysis,information retrieval,information extraction,AI, deep learning,Machine translation, etc. Rich experience in Automated Chat, Chatbots, Online Messaging, Bots, Conversational interface
Weekend Drive on 14th Dec BigData Engineer Bangalore Karthika;Arminus Software Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;2-10 Years;Not Specified;Job Description:   We are planning weekend drive on below demand on 14th Dec 2019 Would request you to please start to line up the candidates Kindly share the schedule tracker on daily basis & share the consolidated tracker by Friday before 12:00 PM. Note : 1. Please be inform the candidates that the job location would be Whitefield. 2. Request you to reschedule the NO show candidates who are interested / ready to take up the interview on 14th Dec 2019. 3. Minimum of 50-60% of Footfall required. Skill Primary - HIVE Secondary – Flume (not mandatory) (Refer JD Below) Primary - Big Data Testing Secondary - ETL Testing (Refer JD Below) Spark- Scala(With the knowledge of Machine Learning) Key Skills:   We are planning weekend drive on below demand on 14th Dec 2019 Would request you to please start to line up the candidates Kindly share the schedule tracker on daily basis & share the consolidated tracker by Friday before 12:00 PM. Note : 1. Please be inform the candidates that the job location would be Whitefield. 2. Request you to reschedule the NO show candidates who are interested / ready to take up the interview on 14th Dec 2019. 3. Minimum of  50-60% of Footfall required. Skill Primary - HIVE Secondary – Flume (not mandatory) (Refer JD Below) Primary - Big Data Testing Secondary - ETL Testing (Refer JD Below) Spark- Scala(With the knowledge of Machine Learning)
NLP Scientist;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Mumbai;3-6 Years;850000-1600000;Job Description : Job Description Research &prototype new unsupervised algorithms using combination of NLP&ML Implement the production version of prototype for relevant domains Perform in depth analysis of failure points of algorithm on different environments Scale all models domains Required Candidate profilerelevant experience applying NLP,ML,text-mining,social network analysis,information retrieval,information extraction,AI, deep learning,Machine translation, etc.Rich experience in Automated Chat,Chatbots,Online Messaging, Bots,Conversational interface
TM - Clinical Data Scientist;Golden Opportunities Private Limited;Mumbai;10-15 Years;Not Specified;"Description Experience in data mining, Demonstrated successful experience in all relevant clinical data management activities in a Bio Pharmaceutical or CRO setting Working knowledge of all phases of clinical trials and ability to assess and determine study requirement from protocol review Project and Risk Management Skills CRO and vendor oversight experience preferred Consistent, detail oriented, communicative, dedicated to do a job well done Working knowledge of clinical research, FDA & ICH, GCP, GCDMP, and related regulatory requirements Understanding of machine-learning and operations research Knowledge of R, SQL and Python; familiarity with Scala, Java or C++ is an asset Experience using business intelligence tools (e.g. Tableau) and data frameworks (e.g. Hadoop) Analytical mind and business acumen Strong math skills (e.g. statistics, algebra) Problem-solving aptitude"
Top Rankers Research Engineers;CareerXperts Consulting;Bengaluru / Bangalore;0-4 Years;Not Specified;How we ll help you grow: You will solve hard problems in a variety of areas of computer science (from AI/ML to distributed systems to programming languages).The current team is led by graduates (and PhDs) from Harvard, MIT, Carnegie Mellon, and the IITs. Collectively, the team has written more than 65 papers in international journals/conferences and has been granted over 15 patents. This is a ground floor opportunity! 0-4 Years of Experience Ideally and Undergrad CGPA = 8  Penchant for learning and grasping any problem quickly.  Knack for writing the most performance optimized code along with it being modular and scalable.  Ability to thrive in a fast-paced entrepreneurial culture.  Able to identify complex and/or broad technical problems and issues, invent creative solutions that incrementally impact product/technologies/research community, and apply analysis to evaluate and recommend solutions  Dedicated individuals who cultivate new ideas, tries many things and brings a fresh perspective.  Passionate programmers with deep understanding of fundamentals like data structures, excels at problem-solving and algorithmic thinking.  Experience with machine learning, personalization, data mining, search relevance, natural language processing, predictive modeling, or optimization.  Candidate must have a B.E. /B. Tech from a Top 20 university in India (or equivalent) in one of the following departments (i) Computer Science, (ii) Information Sciences, (iii) Electrical Engineering.
Resume shortlisted for Machine Learning Specialist;CNV Labs and Technologies private limited;Pune;1-3 Years;Not Specified;"We are looking for Implementation ERP Engineers/ Business Analyst at Pune and Faridabad Locations.  The ideal candidate should have a BE/MCA/MBA background, preferably with experience in ERP and comfortable with working on the client location, travel and train the staff. Experience with Educational Institutes as Lecturer can also apply.  QUALIFICATION: BCA, BBA, BE, MCA, MBA  ERP DEPLOYMENT SPECIALIST  Evaluate client needs; develop configurations that support business processes Define and execute on delivery and implementation plans  Required Experience & Skills  Candidate must have a thorough knowledge of Implementation and training Experience with ERP Software especially educational and enterprise ERP Good Communication skills Analytical Ability to understand workflows On-site projects in any city within India Stay arrangements on Premise at client location   Provide post-sales technical services and support to the customers. Plan and execute database conversions, system migrations, system provisioning, and other services as needed for product deployment. Provide installation support and coordinate the installation work as needed. Work with customers to ensure technical compatibility. Serve as Key Liaison, working in all phases of software implementations, supporting teams in, configuration, and issue resolution.  Desired Candidate  Excellent problem solving/analytical skills. Strong oral and written communication skills. Must be able to clearly and effectively communicate work status, risks, and issues. Experience with system installations and Implementation at a customer site. Good Communication Skills IT Background Should be comfortable for traveling and Giving Demo Role Category: Implementation  Role: Implementation Engineer/Business Analyst  Employment Type: Full Time, Permanent  Reply to attend f2f round of interview in Our Pune Center. on Date & Time: Saturday 12 Th Oct 2019  Time - 11.00 am"
Account Manager / Team Leader - US Staffing;Stwos Soft Tech Private Limited;Coimbatore;2-7 Years;Not Specified;"Seasoned Account Manager / Team Leaders with sound industry knowledge of all or either specific to one industry: IT/ Telecom/ Financial Services/ Health Care/Pharma/ Engineering. Analyzing the Client Requirement; Sourcing candidates from database, job boards (CareerBuilder, Dice, Monster, Indeed and LinkedIn), screening, assessing and recommending them to the client. Exposure to Direct Hire/ Full Time and W2 Consultants preferably (primarily U.S. Citizens, Green Card holders) & Contract and dealt with all types of tax terms). Ability to comprehend job description for different functional areas and articulate same to candidates for jobs above 100 K USD annual salary. At GlobalHunt we use extensive new age technology for recruitment, hence we look for ability to adapt to a Technology & Innovation driven organization leveraging a plethora of the latest technologies based on Artificial Intelligence, Robotic Process Automation & machine learning. Ability to grow as functional expert along with business and people management skill Flexible to work on different clients requirements simultaneously Have zeal to learn and out-perform while encashing every extra-minute you spend at work. Key Highlights: One of the great places to work with immense growth opportunities, Systematic and Process oriented Benefits - Quarterly Appraisals, Monthly Incentives, Encashment of every extra minute to spend on work ,Top up Rewards (Car/International Trip/ Bike/Laptops), Weekly Spot Cash Awards and learning opportunities. A desire to earn more while you learn and work more Should have full knowledge of US Recruiting process."
Program Manager - Digital (rpa, Data Analytics, Machine Learning / AI);Conneqt Business Solutions Limited;Mumbai, Navi Mumbai;12-22 Years;1500000-3000000;Job Description We are hiring for a Program Manager for our Digital Business Unit. Role and Responsibilities  This is a leadership level position and individual is responsible for driving and managing a large implementation program for customers Will be required to work on business process automation platforms, develop new solutions, and enable adoption of automation solutions across Enterprise Delivery Management experience handling Projects / Support Engagements across technology suite : RPA, BI, ERP, Azure / AWS / Google Cloud Technologies Should have good familiarity over data ingestion, transformation and reporting processes (Data Science / Analytics). Should have worked directly with customer stakeholders at senior levels and managed the partnership Manage teams of RPA developers, Architects to deliver multiple digital programs / projects / initiatives at client side and enterprise side Driving the adoption of best practices and governance around coding, design, quality and performance of Partner with our customers to identify the best standard or customized solution covering RPA, Analytics and complex solutions that meets their requirements in terms of Digital strategy Skills and Experience  Experience in Managing projects / engagements with RPA tools, Data Analytics and related Tools to deploy end to end solution Experience in handling multiple engagement models - T&M, Fixed, Output based etc. and type/ nature of delivery - ADM, Devops, Agile etc. Exposure in developing Delivery Model, governance to defining Enterprise level automation roadmap and ability to manage and deliver overall solutions to transform client business. Avid project manager and delivered engagement with newer technologies and solutions Overall l 12+ years of experience in Technology Management Practice / CoE preferably Enterprise Automation including Automation Experience (RPA, AI, ML, Business Analytics) Good Understanding and should have managed engagements with programming languages/platforms - DOTNET / VB / VC++ / C++ / J2EE Management / Engineering Graduate with required exp Salary: INR 15,00,000 - 30,00,000 PA. Industry: / / Functional Area: , Role Category: Programming & Design Role: Database Architect/Designer Employment Type: Full Time, Permanent
Data Engineer, Dubai;Luxoft India Llp;Dubai;;Not Specified;Project Description Big Data and Data Science is revolutionising large parts of the financial services industry.. Excelians Digital Consulting team is investing in these technologies, and is actively building up a Big Data Practice across a number of regions. We are therefore looking to hire a Data Engineer into our Abu Dhabi and Dubai practices. You will work with Data Scientists in engineering the appropriate data environments for our projects. In particular, you will be developing the means to collect and ingest data, developing data models and data architectures, creating automated data pipelines, and taking the lead in making these Production-ready. You will assist with integrating with existing applications, and will be working with leading organizations and teams in the region.. We are interested in hearing from individuals with a background in data - both SQL and non-SQL, and ideally some scripting background. An interest in, or exposure to AI & ML would also be helpful. Responsibilities You will work alongside a strong, global team of individuals with diverse backgrounds and skills in a variety of areas to: - Analyse data sources, and acquire data - Create data pipelines, and integrate to final data destinations - Create appropriate data models, architectures and pipelines - Move the models and pipelines into Production You will assist the practice in: - Developing templates and accelerators, across a variety of libraries and platforms. - Participating in pre-sales work and client work as necessary You will collaborate with business and technology partners to grow and develop the data science practice Skills Must Your Skills Required: - Strong data-related development skills, preferably in mainstream versions of SQL and NoSQL. Experience of scripting languages, especially Python - Exposure to the full Software Development Life Cycle, and experience of working in a modern development team - Good analytical skills - Strong communication skills, both verbal and written. The successful candidates will be expected to communicate effectively with both business and technical teams - At least some experience with big data Your Experience Required: - Degree in Computer Science, or equivalent experience - At least two years of software development experience Nice to have Your skills Desired: - Exposure to analytics, and/or Machine-learning-as-a-service. - Experience in working with / supplying data to visualization tools such as Qlik, Tableau, PowerBI or similar. - Good understanding of data integration patterns Your experience Desired: - Experience with / exposure to software development for analytic applications - Experience in big data - Experience in projects involving cross-functional teams Languages English: Advanced/Fluent
Director Of Engineering Data Analytics AdTech;CareerXperts Consulting;Bengaluru / Bangalore;5-10 Years;Not Specified;Director Of Engineering Data Analytics AdTech You will Head the India R&D. We are an Advanced Analytics startup ing Machine Learning / Artificial Intelligence / Natural Language Understanding techniques to solve a number of interesting problems for customers in a few industries like Media, E - commerce, etc. We have teams in Sunnyvale, CA, New York and Bengaluru. We build Advanced Analytics platforms and products. High Impact role  We are looking for a seasoned Engineering Leader . More than 5+ years of leading people and projects.  Experience in leading teams that build products/platforms in the Data Analytics domain.  Experience in attracting and hiring high - quality talent.  Experience in defining product / platform architectures.
Java Solution Architect for Bangalore | 8-14 Years | Short NP Only;Kaizen SRA Technologies Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;8-14 Years;Not Specified;Java Solution Architect for Bangalore | 8-14 Years | Short NP Only  Role Requirements  8 - 12 years of relevant experience plus a Bachelor s degree or may consider equivalent combination of education and work experience , Experience to include  Strong commitment to writing and maintaining high quality Java code Proficiency in Spring Framework based development Proficiency in HTML5, CSS, Node.js, Angular 5 , and JavaScript Typescript Proficiency with NOSQL and Relational Databases Experience with cloud native architectures and infrastructure Experience creating applications end to end Develop integrations to various 3rd party API endpoints, applications and cloud services Knowledge of using and building Docker based deployments Experience with Python based automation management Experience with CI CD orchestration with Jenkins Gitlab CI Ansible or equivalent Experience in building and implementing data models and end to end architecture for data ingestion, storage and processing Familiarity with Data Engineering Techniques and Data Science tools Strong analytical, process management and reporting skills Excellent written and verbal communication skills Ability and desire to learn new skills Qualifications BE BTECH MCA MSC MTECH MS Work Locations: IN-KA-Bangalore  Details Required:  Current Employer/Work Location: CCTC: ECTC: Notice Period: Current Location: Relocation: Native Location: DOB: Education/Year of Passing: Total Exp: Rel Exp: Marital Status: Visa (if any): Pan Card No # (Must for upload) Passport No: (Must for Upload) Regards, Madhava [HIDDEN TEXT] kaizen SRA technologies I Pvt Ltd
Job Requirement for Business Development & Marketing - Asst. Manager;Axs Solutions And Consulting Private Limited;Mumbai, Mumbai City;0-4 Years;Not Specified;Business Development & Marketing Asst. Manager Job Location: Mumbai No. of Positions: 1  Role Description: We are looking to hire an experienced business development manager to drive growth of  our digital products and solutions business by the direct acquisition of strategic customers, merchant and through the indirect acquisition of merchants through the following channels: acquiring banks and merchant aggregators. The role brief includes: a) Defining and driving customer acquisition tactics b) Driving revenue growth from Ai Based products and Fintech products. You will also work in the Banking , Insurance and Finance related products both in Hardware and software. Responsibility areas Planning Creating and executing a plan designed to deliver on company targets for the Digital Products and Solutions Business across all markets where they are present, detailing how targets will be achieved, our approach to specific vertical markets, and the capabilities required to deliver upon these targets Ensure all pipeline and sales activity is accurately documented and kept up-to-date via CRM and reporting tools.Develop and execute the marketing and branding required to assist business development as well as sales Sales               Drive the country teams selling to merchant, clients , taking accountability for lead generation for strategic merchants, pipeline management and revenue generation against target Driving the team in the use of reporting tools, ensuring SLAs and targets are achieved Channel Development Work with the teams focused on corporate, BFSI customers to identify potential acquiring partners, building and maintaining the channel partner pipeline and driving engagement of these Identify strategic merchant and merchant aggregator partners. Manage high-level channel negotiations to ensure a fair and favourable relationships.Channel Management Manage existing channel partners to ensure the relationships are as productive and fruitful as they could be, driving more value from these relationships as required Build our capability to efficiently acquire and on-board new SME business customers via digital channels Generate and execute Digital Marketing campaigns through Social media Web. Business Development & Marketing Key Qualities: Passion Planning & Delivery Sales Expertise Leadership Quality Communications Qualification: BE/ BCOM/ BSc from a reputed college and university Preferred MBA/ PGDM From recognised institute university  Experience: 2-4 yrs Experience in Software Sales, Digital Payments/ BFSI sales and marketing preferred. Package: CTC: upto 5.5 lpa Website: www.axs-solutions.com
Full Stack Developer- Bangalore- Analytics company;Strivex Consulting Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;0-3 Years;Not Specified;Company is simplifying analytics for businesses, to help them take better marketing, product and business decisions. We are a deep tech startup working on redefining analytics. We intend to make data accessible to everyone by making it very simple to analyze, understand and make inferences using cutting edge techniques from statistical modelling and distributed systems. Company is founded by 3 industry veterans and second time entrepreneurs with a collective experience of more than 35 years, in building data and AI enabled products and taking it to market. Built on top of world’s first datastore for query based probabilistic inference, it does most of the heavy lifting to find insights around goals and metrics of interest. Job Location : Bangalore Experience Range : 0-3 Years Role : Full Stack Developer Job Profile What you will do: Develop scalable, testable, and user friendly features to ingest, integrate, access and visualize data.Build data pipelines to clean, transform and build Machine Learning models on data.Collaborate in an agile way to code features with focus on delivery. What you will need: * Strong Data Structures and Algorithms knowledge. Familiarity with Statistics and ML is a plus.* Experience in coding backend servers and frontend. Specific experience in Python, Javascript, React, Golang is a plus.* Strong knowledge of MYSQL/ Postgresql databases and understanding of distributed systems* Knowledge and familiarity with cloud technologies like AWS, GCP and Kubernetes.* Effective communication skills and collaborative. Thanks & Warm Regards Silky Bhatia Bedi Manager -Recruitment StriveX Consulting Pvt. Ltd. Email id:[HIDDEN TEXT] no: 8743000391
React Native - Distinguished Founders / Investors - EdTech;CareerXperts Consulting;Bengaluru / Bangalore;5-8 Years;Not Specified;We are an early stage EdTech startup building a data science engine using an Advanced Human-AI hybrid learning system which will offer highly adaptive, engaging and effective learning programs for students across the globe. Our ultimate vision is to replicate the one to one tutoring experience in an affordable and scalable way. Experience 3 Years of Experience. Qualification  Expectations  Build a platform its product elements (interactive visually appealing) which enables the content creation team to create multimedia modules.  Create games and interactive contents in JavaScript/ game engine (like phaser)  Integrate product features in different platforms like messenger  Responsibilities  Proven work experience as a Front-end developer with at least 2 years of experience.  Experience in react OR react-native  Good understanding of software design architecture  Leadership skills and ready to take ownership of the project
Artificial Intelligence - AI Specialist;IEverware Technologies Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;5-12 Years;Not Specified;Job Title: Ai Consultant –Artificial Intelligence Job Location: Hyderabad Job Type: Permanent Experience: 6-9Yrs Compensation: Not Disclosed by recruiter Education & Eligibility: B.E, B.Tech (Any Engineering Background), CS Branch, Any Bachelor Degree, M.Tech, MBA, MCA, BCA, Post Graduates, PhD. Note: Apply candidates who has US-Visa is a great plus, they will have a chance to work at our client location Dallas, TX, USA. 9+ years of experience in the IT industry and 4+ years related to this job description • Experience implementing ML algorithms such as Logistic Regression, Naive Bayes, Bayesian Network, Decision Tree, Neural Network, SVM, Random Forest, convex optimization, transfer learning. • Experience performing selection bias mitigation, ROC analysis, field performance analysis, data mining • Experience in frameworks such as Spark, Lucene or EMR to implement real-time ML systems • Experience working on some cognitive systems in any platform - Azure / IBM / etc., • Experience programming with Python / Java / CSharp • Experience with SQLs (MySQL/ Oracle/ SQL Server) and designing data models • Experience leading product development teams • Experience working in Agile/ DevOps model of development • Experience understanding requirements and translating to design • Experience in one of these - Java, CSharp, Python • Exposure in implementing Coginitive services in one of the service providers • Exposure in one of the Cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS, GCS. Thanks & Regards Eshwar iEverware Technologies Pvt. Ltd India: 8886600833 Mail ID: [HIDDEN TEXT] | URL: www.ieverware.com Staffing |Consulting |Development |BPO| Training | Digital Services
Technical Architect (Full Stack Developer);Hrlogica Talent Solutions Llp;Gurgaon / Gurugram;7-13 Years;Not Specified;Urgent requirement for Technical Architect for Gurgaon location. Experience- 7-13 YrsQualification- B.E/ B.techJob Description: • Experience in NODEJS or PYTHON • Experience in JAVASCRIPT AWS is highly preferable • Build, mentor and lead a team of highly talented and passionate engineers. • You will be responsible for the overall delivery and the solution architecture of the application/ feature/ module your team will be working on. • Write/Review Code every day in addition to pairing with team members on functional and nonfunctional requirements and spread design philosophy, goals and improvements to code quality across the team. • Translate objectives into iterative MVPs, evaluate and then refactor into highly scalable, highly available, reliable, secure and fault-tolerant systems. • Building and managing automated build/test/deployment environments. • Coordinate with cross-functional teams (Sales, Marketing, Product, Mobile, DevOps, UX, Data Science, Data Engineering, QA, etc.) on planning and execution. • You should understand the user, their behavior, expectations and will continuously contribute to making their experience better with each release. • Research new technologies and tools and share your learning with the rest of the team. Provides mentoring and guidance to other team members, including new hires  If interested send updated resume at [HIDDEN TEXT]
Software Developer / Software Programmer ( IoT / Cloud applications);CDIN Software Pvt Ltd;Pune;2-6 Years;300000-700000;Job description Looking for energetic & talented Software Developers to join our team for building IoT, Edge and Cloud computing products. You will work as part of our development team creating Cloud based software & Edge Computing products, solutions. key responsibilities Work as member of software development team Develop UI and dashboards with HTML5, Bootstrap, CSS, JavaScript, Angular JS Framework Develop server side back-end in MVC, Node.JS, Java, PHP, Python Create project documentation Collaborate with firmware development team working on Edge computing device development Skill Sets Looking for one or more skill sets listed below to fit in different positions in the development team Expertise in UI/ Dashboard Development using Bootstrap, HTML5, Angular.JS, Open JDK, CSS, VU Framework Hands on experience in Mobile / Responsive App development. Expertise in MySQL, Mongo DB                     Or Expertise in Server side / Back-end written in Open JDK, Python, PHP or CSharp DOTNET Implementation experience in Socket programming, MQTT, AMQP, HTTPS, Web Socket, REST etc. Hands on experience in security middleware SSL, TLS and their open source implementations Hands on experience on cloud platforms MS-Azure IoT Services, Amazon, IBM Bluemix, Google IoT Experience in Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence Good Analytical skills
Engineering Head / Engineering manager / Technical Project manager / Development manager;SAW IT Services Private Limited;Gurgaon / Gurugram;3-12 Years;Not Specified;Roles & Responsibilities: We are now hiring  Engineering Head with strong hands on experience in Product development for product development Start up company in Gurgaon  Please go through the details and revert ASAP.  JD :  Exp Level - 4-10yrs  Position - Engineering Head Location : GurgaonSkills : Python, Cloud, Docker , Kafka, PostgreSQL etc.. Company : Product development Start up company   Requirements: Job Description : Lead the software design, architecture, development, debugging, documentation, testing. A deployment, maintenance and improvement efforts.A Be extremely hands-on. This is both coding + management type of role.A Establish roadmap and architecture based on latest proven technologies and our needs A Lead & mentor other engineers and demonstrate best engineering practices with the team.A Lead the team to follow our software development process including writing unit tests, performing code reviews, doing daily standups, setting OKRs and milestones, etc. A Manage team.A priorities, deadlines and deliverables.A Write well-crafted, well-tested, readable, maintainable code. A Develop backend code for mobile applications and internal web tools. A Develop APIs for the mobile platform.A Be the owner and maintainer of the significant part of backend infrastructure.A Design and build core components of our backend infrastructure. A Code using cutting-edge tools in close collaboration with our Machine Learning team. A Stay on top of state-of-the-art technologies and apply them. A Share your knowledge by giving tech talks and promoting tech and engineering best practices
Content Reviewing;Growing Career;Bengaluru / Bangalore;1-5 Years;Not Specified;Position : Content Reviewer . Interview days & Timing : Monday ,Tuesday & Thursday ,Friday. (11.00 AM to 2 .00 PM) Selected candidate have to work initially for 2 to 3 month from office. Post that based on performance it will be decided that whether they would be working from home or NOT. Position details : Consultant will be paid with 100% variable pay.(No fix pay) Should be willing to work 5 days a week 11am - 6pm for the first few months. Mention Subject expertise : Maths / Physics / Biology / Chemistry / Science Mention Level of expertise : Primary / Secondary / Senior Secondary / High school (1st std till 12th std) Job Description - Content Reviewer looking for a Versatile K12 Teacher who can take care of both Maths and Science for classes from I to XII for ICSE, CBSE and all state boards. The responsibilities and requirements are stated as under: RESPONSIBILITY:  Review content for students preparing for school level Maths & Science for all boards of education (CBSE, ICSE, State Boards) along with foundation courses for competitive exams.  Ensure continuous quality review of academic content and questions bank ensuring error-free content (questions, concepts, theory and learning map).  Validation of the data science models built by Data Scientists at Embibe by reviewing the content academically, check relevance and give academic feedback to help improve the algorithms. REQUIREMENTS:  At least 1 to 3 years teaching or academic content creation experience in Maths & Science for Grade 1 to Grade 12.  Excellent written & verbal communication skills.  Proactive communicator.  Educational Qualifications: Academic qualification of B.Tech. / M.Tech. or BE or BSc/ BA / MSc / MA in Maths or Science and BEd. Regards SuparbaHR recruiterGrowing Careers Email: [HIDDEN TEXT]
Sr. Natural Language Processing (NLP);Jaguar Solutions Private Limited;Pune;5-10 Years;Not Specified;Requirements:  Proven experience as an NLP engineer or similar role  In-depth understanding of the basic natural language processing techniques like tokenization, sentence identification, part-of-speech tagging, named entity recognition, morphology, stemming, Lemmatization, etc.  Well versed with different tokenization and sentence identification algorithms.
Full stack Java/ Angular Developer For Reputed IT Company New Delhi Location;Wowidea Consultingminds Private Limited;Delhi;5-7 Years;Not Specified;Working Title: Software developer Position Type: Permanent Assignment category: Regular, full time Work days: Monday to Friday, alternate saturdays Working hours : 9 am to 6 pm Location: Munirka, New Delhi, India Salary range: Minimum: Rs.6,00,000.00 per annum Midpoint: Rs.7,50,000.00 per annum Maximum: Rs.9,00,000.00 per annum  Desired Skills:  Good knowledge and hands on experience in development of enterprise web application using Java / JEE, Angular 7, Jhipster, Spring Boot & Hibernate  Hands on experience on ElasticSearch  Good Understanding of web services & RESTful APIs (SOAP, REST, JSON, MVC)  Good database knowledge of PL/MYSQL  Knowledge of Amazon web services  Good knowledge of Data Structures and algorithms, OOAD & design patterns.  Have Knowledge of Design Patterns, and Architecture  Strong experience in integrating systems using secure web services, APIs or other channels  Strong programming & analytics skills  Responsible to develop unit test cases for his/her project module  Develop and maintain new features  Develop and deploy new applications and/or maintenance to existing applications throughout the enterprise  Ensure that development projects meet system requirements and goals, fulfill end-user requirements, and identify & resolve systems issues  Identify and resolve program errors  Collaborate with analysts, designers and system architects in the testing of new software programs and applications  Exposure to Artificial Intelligence / Machine learning fundamentals will be a plus, understanding of machine learning and python is a plus but not required at the moment Responsibilities: Your responsibilities include but not limited to:  Backend development of various modules of our e-commerce platform  Development of RESTful APIs  Scalable design  Working in collaborative environment using cutting edge technologies  Collaborate with back-end developers and designers to work efficiently as part of a diverse and multi-functional team  Integrate various APIs as required from time to time  Review mockups and prototypes  Deliver high-quality solutions within a sprint team  Help back-end developers with front-end coding and troubleshooting  Mentor small team of developers and able to distribute and review their tasks as per base project plan  Stay up-to-date on emerging technologies Perks:  Flexible work environment  12 days of paid vacation per year (can be encashed if not used)  One casual / sick leave per month which can be accumulated upto a maximum of 3 days  Performance bonus
RPA developer;Job Shop;Bengaluru / Bangalore;2-3 Years;Not Specified;Technical knowledge on leading automation tools, e.g., Blue Prism and UiPath Excellent software development background, e.g CSharp, C++, Java, DOTNET Basic programming knowledge on HTML, JavaScript (or any scripting language) Experience with Agile development methodology Experience with Databases (SQL or NoSQL) often preferred Knowledge of AI and Machine Learning Understanding of workflow-based logic Strong attention to detail and analytical skills Excellent communication skill Talent to present technical details
Business Analyst;Freelancer Veena - Chandra CG;Thiruvananthapuram / Trivandrum;5-10 Years;Not Specified;Preferred Skills: 5+ year experience in business analysis Requirment Elicitation Documentation Experience in AI / Intelligent Transport domains will be an added advantage. Location :Trivandrum DOJ: Immediate (preferred) 
Senior Director of Artificial Intelligence & Modeling;Mulya Consulting;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;16-26 Years;Not Specified;"Location : Hyderabad This position is a permanent position with our client (US Based Semiconductor Product Company with revenue more than 30 Billion USD) Our client is a world leader (Top5 Semicon Company in 2018) in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. They have over 34,000 team members in 17 countries who work with the worlds most trusted brands, delivering memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications and sparking countless possibilities in technology Senior Director, Modeling & Artificial Intelligence Our clients vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life and our dedication to people, innovation, tenacity, partnership, and customer focus allows us to fulfill our mission to be a global leader in memory and storage solutions. This means conducting business with integrity, accountability, and collaboration while supporting our global community. As Director / Senior Director, Modeling & Artificial Intelligence, you will define and drive the vision for digital process technology development . You will form a team of experienced and new college graduate hires in the areas of Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Data Analytics, Physics based modeling, and Semiconductor device structural modeling expertise.  Ph.D. With over 15 years of work experience 10+ years in modeling and data analytics Understanding of broad range of topics. Managed over 20 people for at least 5 years Proven track record in forming and building successful teams from scratch We are looking for a senior experienced leader with a proven track record and demonstrated ability to attract, hire and retain top talent. You will be comfortable working in a dynamic, iterative environment that also affords the stability of a global, well-established and competitive technology company. The team will have two main focus areas: Enabling structural, stress, and physics based modeling to advance process technology development at faster pace. This approach will utilize significant modeling skills and Using vast streams of data (mostly unstructured) and developing process intelligence around these data streams to help process, equipment, and device engineers develop semiconductor solutions faster. You will take a broad focus to the smart technology development initiatives exploring capabilities with artificial intelligence, advanced analytics, cognitive computing, machine learning etc. Primary Responsibilities Include: Set and execute a vision for the smart process technology development ecosystem using modeling and data analytics Explore methods and solutions using artificial intelligence, advanced analytics, cognitive computing, and Physics based modeling, etc. to deliver impact across the development and manufacturing enterprise. Lead internal Big Data and Analytics team in technology development to drive overall enterprise value Partner with manufacturing and process/integration engineering teams to identify capabilities that impact yield, quality and throughput; Identify solutions to optimize. Requirements PhD., Masters or Bachelors degree in an Engineering or Science discipline. At least 5-10 years of related experience in senior management positions with excellent knowledge in modeling and data analytics Proven track record in forming and building successful teams from scratch Demonstrated ability as an excellent mentor, team builder and motivator. Demonstrated leadership ability to empower each team member to drive decisions to the appropriate level within the organization. Collaborate with other teams inside and outside the organization to develop highly effective working relationships Develop and lead team member performance, including planning, training, mentoring, rewarding, promoting teamwork, and developing leadership Provide guidance on people strategies to attract, retain and reward talent and effectively deploy them to maximize every individuals potential. This position will be located in Hyderabad, India. Preferred Skills: Ambitious, with a growth mindset and strong dedication to identify and implement improvement opportunities Strong analytical skills Excellent written and verbal English-language communication and presentation skills Proven ability to perform in an environment characterized by volatility, uncertainty, complexity, and ambiguity (VUCA) Strong influencing skills and the ability to build strong interpersonal relationships Demonstrated capability to build highly effective and engaged teams About Us As the leader in creative memory solutions, our client is helping the world make sense of data by delivering technology that is transforming how the world uses information. Through our global brands we offer the industrys broadest portfolio. We are the only company manufacturing todays major memory and storage technologies: DRAM, NAND, NOR and 3D XPoint memory. Our solutions are purpose built to use the value of data to unlock financial insights, accelerate scientific breakthroughs and improve communication around the world. Contact: Uday Bhaskar Mulya Technologies  Mining the Knowledge Community Email id : [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Django Python Developer;Multi Recruit;Mumbai;1-3 Years;500000-600000;Key Skills required : Proficiency in Python development Working Project experience Django 2+ Hands on experience with RDBMS such as Postgres or MySQL Solid understanding of Python concepts - templating, routing, request lifecycles Experience using, customising and scaling Django Admin Experience building REST APIs using Django REST Framework Experience working with Containers Experience with Queues and task processing using Celery Strong understanding of ORM Experience with some form of Machine Learning (ML) Understanding of frontend frameworks such as Vuejs, Angular or React Experience with OAuth 2.0 (Auth flows, Refresh flows) Experience with Caching within Django Understanding development workflows including committing to Git repositories Experience building stateless applications that are deployed under Load Balancing Experience in deploying Django applications to AWS,Digital Ocean or Heroku  KRAs includes : Understanding the scope of work Pure development focused role, your team members will handle the design, HTML and testing, you focus on the development. Understanding and adopting the current internal development work flow and processes Understanding client requirements as communicated by the project manager Arriving on timelines for projects, either independently or as a part of a team Executing projects either independently or as a part of a team Developing projects using Django framework Creating backend modules in Python by building or reutilizing existing modules in a manner so as to provide optimal deliveries on time Writing Scalable, maintainable code Building secured REST APIs Integrating website frontends using Django templates or through data binding on projects using frontend frameeworks such as a Vuejs or React Setting up batch task processing environments using Celery Unit testing prepared modules Bug fixing issues as reported by the QA team Optimization and performance tuning of code
HIring for Digital Strategy and Transformation Consultants - Pune/Bangalore/ Gurgaon;Taggd;Noida, Pune;7-15 Years;Not Specified;ROLE As Digital Strategy Lead the key aspects of your role will be to: • Work with our marquee customers digital strategy consulting program – advising them on the digital strategy and transformation • Cultivate and grow senior client relationships in digital advisory capacity • Evangelize and promote digital innovation programs - Digital evangelist shaping and ‘selling’ strategic programs and solutions to key stakeholders (clients or internal) • Develop and establish oneself as an industry and companys Digital thought leader PROFILE • Digital and Industry subject matter expert with experience in defining and executing digital strategies and transformation initiatives for large-scale organizations in target industries. • Should have breadth of knowledge across and depth in one or two of the following: • Expertise in defining digital marketing, and Omni-channel digital transformation strategies. Passionate about the Customer Journey. For B2B & B2C business • Expertise in Industry 4.0 & IOT Advisory Consult for Manufacturers & Brands. • Intelligent Supply Chain & Logistics Consulting • Analytics Consult for Retail, CPG, Banks & Insurance Industry • Digital evangelist shaping and ‘selling’ strategic programs and solutions to key stakeholders (clients or internal). • Executive presence - Ability to engage the client at various levels (including the C-Level) of their organization, strong presentation and facilitation skills, ability to structure and facilitate workshops, ability to identify opportunities for digital transformation programs  on his/her feet. • Should have breadth of knowledge across and depth in one or two of the enabling technologies like AI, Analytics , IOT , Cloud, RPA and Design Thinking would be a plus • Good understanding of technologies like Cognitive, AI/Deep Learning, IoT/E and Augmented Reality/Virtual Reality • Strong stakeholder management and communication skills • Excellent team building, leadership and interpersonal skills Personal Characteristics: • Entrepreneurial spirit • Outcome / result driven • A sense of urgency…want to get things done, always in a quality fashion • Demonstrated team player • P Able to handle ambiguity, self-starter, an individual who creates opportunity from complexity
NLP Engineer;Radial HR Solutions;Bengaluru / Bangalore;3-10 Years;1000000-2200000;NLP Engineer About Company:AN IT Company specializing in Artifical Intelligence. Working on building Automatic speech recognition for leading Indian languages.  ELIGIBILITY:  Skills: Pytorch, Datascience, Tensorflow, NLP, Python, C++ etc  Experience: 3-8years  ?Start up experience is a plus  Nature of Job:  ?Develop Algorithms in Multilingual Conversational Systems for Intent, Entity detections and automated conversations  ?Work on solving real world scenarios for user commands and requests, and  build scalable systems that solve their problems  ?Think creatively to identify new opportunities and contribute to high quality publications or patents.  ?Work in a highly collaborative environment with teams to deliver systems  from prototyping to production level.  Qualifications:  ?PhD/Masters degree with a focus on Language processing .  ?Strong knowledge of NLP and hands-on experience in relevant projects.  ?Experience in machine learning platform such as Tensorfow, Pytorch and  solid programming development skills (Python, C/C++, etc).  ?Experience contributing to research communities including publications at  conferences and/or journals.   Job Location: Bangalore NLP Engineer, Neuro-Linguistic Programming, Pytorch, Datascience, Tensorflow, NLP, Python, C++,  
Embedded Software Engineer;Koral Human Resource Consultants;Bengaluru / Bangalore;4-6 Years;Not Specified;Job Description: Looking for an embedded software engineer with prior experience in following : - Linux device driver development targeted to multi-media end application with 4-6 yrs - Linux kernel component and framework development - Firmware and hardware integration of components with prior exposure to ARM processors and Xilinx Zynq FPGA - Prior experience with AI/ML will be preferred
Sr. Developer / developer – IoT & Cloud applications;Beijer Electronics Technologies Private Limited;Pune;2-6 Years;300000-700000;Job description Looking for energetic & talented Software Developers to join our team for building Cloud based analytics products. You will work as part of our development team creating Cloud based software products, solutions. key responsibilities Work as contributing member to software development team Develop UI and dashboards Develop server side back-end Create project documentation Collaborate with Product teamSkill Sets Looking for one or more skill sets listed below to fit in different positions in the development team Expertise in UI/ Dashboard Development using ASPDOTNET, XAML, Angular JS Expertise in Expertise on the MS Stack ASPDOTNET, Csharp DOTNET, DOTNET Core, MVC, WCF, SQL Server Hands on experience in Mobile / Responsive App development. Hands on experience on Microsoft Azure or similar cloud platforms Experience in Machine Learning, AI, BOT will be added advantage Good Analytical skills
Software Developer;Wowidea Consulting minds Private Limited;Delhi;5-7 Years;600000-900000;Job Summary:  We are looking for an experienced  Full stack Java/ Angular Developer to join our development team. We are creating an ecommerce marketplace that gives high visibility to the sellers and give them marketplace like distribution capabilities. You should be able to develop app that embodies our commitment to build a solid product and with innovative features. We expect you to be a tech-savvy professional who is curious about new digital technologies and aspires to combine usability with visual design. Ultimately, you should be able to create a functional and attractive digital environment for our portal, ensuring great user experience.Desired Skills:-  Good knowledge and hands on experience in development of enterprise web application using Java / JEE, Angular 7, Jhipster, Spring Boot & Hibernate  Hands on experience on ElasticSearch  Good Understanding of web services & RESTful APIs (SOAP, REST, JSON, MVC)  Good database knowledge of PL/MYSQL  Knowledge of Amazon web services  Good knowledge of Data Structures and algorithms, OOAD & design patterns.  Have Knowledge of Design Patterns, and Architecture  Strong experience in integrating systems using secure web services, APIs or other channels  Strong programming & analytics skills  Responsible to develop unit test cases for his/her project module  Develop and maintain new features  Develop and deploy new applications and/or maintenance to existing applications throughout the enterprise  Ensure that development projects meet system requirements and goals, fulfill end-user requirements, and identify & resolve systems issues  Identify and resolve program errors  Collaborate with analysts, designers and system architects in the testing of new software programs and applications  Exposure to Artificial Intelligence / Machine learning fundamentals will be a plus, understanding of machine learning and python is a plus but not required at the moment Responsibilities:- Your responsibilities include but not limited to:  Backend development of various modules of our e-commerce platform  Development of RESTful APIs  Scalable design  Working in collaborative environment using cutting edge technologies  Collaborate with back-end developers and designers to work efficiently as part of a diverse and multi-functional team  Integrate various APIs as required from time to time  Review mockups and prototypes  Deliver high-quality solutions within a sprint team  Help back-end developers with front-end coding and troubleshooting  Mentor small team of developers and able to distribute and review their tasks as per base project plan  Stay up-to-date on emerging technologies
Process Automation Analyst III;Disys India Private Limited;null;2-5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : **UI Path Automation Software development experience preferred** The Enterprise Services, Systems & Tools domain is responsible for developing automated robotic solutions using the UI Path platform to automate rules-based business processes, enabling business users to devote more time to serving customers or other higher-value work. The Process Automation Analyst is responsible for analyzing existing processes, identifying potential improvement opportunities utilizing automated tools, and develop change management plans to successfully implement those improvements. Identify current state business processes, eliciting both pain points and positives through interviews and direct observation of employees across a number of different functional centers of excellence or business units •Identify processes and workflows that can be enhanced by a Robotics Process Automation (RPA) •Document the current state end-to-end business processes by creating  As Is process maps and narratives •Conduct feasibility analysis to determine applicability of RPA. Quantify automation opportunities, perform ROI estimation and articulate business cases for improvement and automation. •Critically evaluate workflows with a view to improve efficiency and enhance the usage of RPA and workflow automation. •Demonstrate understanding of RPA methodologies and tools, such as UIPath, Blue Prism, or Automation Anywhere. •Works closely with functional teams and business units to clearly understand defined processes to be automated •Gather underlying process metrics to drive analysis of business process changes. •Facilitate working sessions with stakeholders to generate consensus on new business processes. •Assist in prioritization of automation/RPA opportunities across identified functions. •Adheres to ITIL processes and SDLC standards •Understanding of the principles and common frameworks of successful business process analysis and change management. •Experience with Robotics Process Automation (RPA) or any other workflow automation tool Experience with UIPath is desired •Experience with Artificial Intelligence (AI), •Machine Learning, OCR is a plus •Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology, Engineering or related discipline, or equivalent work experience in business analysis or business process analysis
M.Tech / MCA  Freshers ( 2018 / 2019 Pass out) : Python /Data Science/React/Angular /NLP Jobs;Achyutas Soft Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;0-2 Years;Not Specified;First 3 TO 4 months we will consider you as a Trainee / Intern on Below Technologies. Angular/ React.JSPython NLPMachine Learning / Deep LearningCloud Engineer Selection Process: Written Test / Technical Round on Programming / HR Round Selected People Will Ready to Join By October 15 To November 1st Week Pay Structure:  First 6 Months: 12,000 INR Per Month. After the 6 Months internship, Salary will be 2.5 Laks Per Anum. Selected Persons Should give us a 2 Years Bond. If You are Committed to accept the Bond condition, Please  send your resume
Software Engineer - DOTNET,WPF;Freelancer Veena - Chandra CG;Thiruvananthapuram / Trivandrum;3-8 Years;Not Specified;Preferred Skills: 3+ year experience Competency in DOTNET and WPF Location :Trivandrum DOJ: Immediate (preferred) Regards, Lekshmi chithra, HR recruiter, Smart and Prompt HR services pvt ltd.(Offer letter )
RPA Architect;Conneqt Business Solutions Limited;Mumbai, Navi Mumbai;10-20 Years;1500000-3000000;Job Description Role and Responsibilities This role will be Leader RPA CoE Team with complete accountability of defining, delivering, managing and growing RPA practice Will be required to work on business process automation platforms, develop new solutions, and enable adoption of automation solutions across Enterprise Manage teams of RPA developers to deliver multiple RPA projects / initiatives at client side and enterprise side Driving the adoption of best practices around coding, design, quality and performance of Partner with our customers to identify the best customized solution that meets their requirements in terms of RPA strategy on an enterprise level Responsible for Architectural decisions in designing and implementing Applications Support in build Reusable Architectures, Solutions, Repositories and best practices as CoE Assets and IPs reducing key man dependencies and creating robust framework of knowledge management and L&D Skills and Experience Experience in RPA tools, related Tools (ML, NLP, Extraction) to build end to end solution Experience/exposure to Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning, and Artificial Intelligence tools Exposure to defining Enterprise level automation Architecture and ability to design and evaluate overall Architecture of the automation solutions Hands on development experience in Microsoft DOTNET technologies or Java Technologies with inclination towards hands on Architect Proficient in System Analysis and Design on all aspects Overall l 10+ years of experience including Hands on in Technology preferably Enterprise Automation and Automation Experience (RPA, AI, ML, Business Analytics) of more than 3+ years. Hands-on development experience in any of the programming languages/platforms - DOTNET / VB / VC++ / C++ / J2EE - experience in Microsoft stack is highly preferred. Ability to lead a team of developers and testers (up to 5 team members) and implement automation solutions independently. Engineering Graduate with required exp and certifications Salary: INR 15,00,000 - 30,00,000 PA. Industry: / Functional Area: Employment Type: Full Time, Permanent
Principal Engineer- Front-end;PEOPLEplus Professional Services Pvt Ltd;Bengaluru / Bangalore;10-16 Years;4500000-6500000;The role is at the level of an Engineering Manager but there would be no reportees in this case and you will be overlooking/ collaborating with various teams in India and across the World.  We are looking for a experienced, inventive, passionate, Principal Engineer for our team in Bangalore. You will work with a group of Engineers and Product Managers to help build high performance, scalable, resilient web applications and services that will revolutionize the web-conferencing space.  The ideal candidate will have a passion for technology with strong design and problem solving skills have excellent oral and written communication skills. be proficient in Java or other server-side languages have experience in Javascript based Front-Ends such as Backbone/Angular/React/Ember etc.  have experience working with RESTful APIs and common RESTful design pattern s.  have proven ability to lead and drive projects from inception to completion have experience working as a scrum-master and in Agile methodologies be able to communicate and work well within a geographically distributed team Required Candidate profile 10+ years of product development experience 2+ years of project leadership experience BE/B.Tech in Computer Science or related field Experience in real-time web applications Knowledge of AWS and other cloud services Understanding of database technologies (SQL and NoSQL) as well as API cache design and caching technologies. Experience in machine learning and artificial intelligence  Contributions to open source projects
Founding Backend Engineer;CareerXperts Consulting;Bengaluru / Bangalore;5-9 Years;Not Specified;Experience 5 years of experience writing prolific code using Core Java / Golang / or C/C . Qualification  Strong foundation in data structures, algorithms, multi-threaded and asynchronous patterns and their applications towards developing scalable systems  Cassandra/ScyllaDB expert (ideally someone who has committed code in it or worked at scale - 100 s of Cassandra nodes).  Engineering Degree in CS/ EE / ECE.  Responsibilities
Java/ Sr Java Engineer;null;Gurgaon / Gurugram;5-9 Years;969999-1889999;Leading IT & Consulting MNC requires Java/ Sr Java Engineer - Gurgoan One of our client a leading IT consulting MNC and technology firm headquatered in US , Which define success as achieving exceptional results that have a lasting impact on businesses of our clients. Our clients choose us because we partner with them to share their risks and headaches on day to day operations. It is building an Revolutionize the Digitization and Rationalization of Complex Unstructured Data and Events, that are Critical to Client businesses as Fin-Tech disruption along with Partner. We are looking for Java/ sr java developer for our client office in Gurgaon . PFB the details 1) Client - IT & Consulting MNC 2) Location- Gurgoan 3) Position- Java / Sr Java Engineer 4) Experience -6- 9 years in Java development JD is as follows- -Engineers with experience in building Microservice based java application to work with our product development team. As a Java engineer, you will get to work on building key elements of our Contract, Event, and Knowledge Analytics solution, including • The latest in OCR technologies • Machine learning technologies • Processing data with Graph Database • Microservice based architecture • Agile Software development Technical Requirements: • Experience working with Java 8, Spring cloud flow, Netflix OSS components is a must • Experience with micro service architecture and cloud development • Experience with Python and Machine Learning is a plus • Should care about Performance, High availability and Scalability • Should be willing to professionally argue for your designs • Should be self-motivated and driven to succeed • Experience working with Graph Database, Semantic Web (RDF / OWL / SPARQL) is a BIG plus • Experience working in Capital Markets is a BIG plus Experience : Should be a pro in Java (at least 6-9 years) Area of Expertise- -Self Rating (out of 5) -Total Year Technical Experience -Hands on Technology experience on Java 8, Spring cloud flow -Hands on Technology experience on Spring cloud flow -Hands on Technology experience on Netflix OSS -End to end Project Methodology Implementation Experience Waterfall , Agile and RAD -Microservice based architecture and cloud development -Experience with Python and Machine Learning -Experience working with Graph Database, Semantic Web (RDF / OWL / SPARQL) -Exposure to CMMI level Quality based working scenario If the position interests you kindly share your cv at [HIDDEN TEXT] or contact Puneesh- 9548238406 Kindly confirm - Current ctc & notice period - Expectation
Founding Backend Engineer – Cassandra / ScyllaDB – $100K – $120K;CareerXperts Consulting;Bengaluru / Bangalore;5-8 Years;Not Specified;Own end to end development of Scalable Distributed System Components. Write beautiful code that earns the respect of fellow engineers and increases engineering excellence for the entire team. We value intellectual curiosity, open communication and creative thinkers who know how to stand up and be counted. You will join a high class globally distributed team and work with some leading  Industry Inventors. Write to [HIDDEN TEXT] to get more details ! #HighBarOfEntry #DeepTech
Machine Learning Developer, Dubai;Luxoft India Llp;Dubai;;Not Specified;Project Description Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning (AI & ML) is revolutionising large parts of the financial services industry.. Excelians Digital Consulting team is investing in these technologies, and is actively building up a new AI, ML and Analytics Practice across a number of regions. In particular, we are therefore looking to hire a Machine Learning Developer into our Abu Dhabi and Dubai practices. You will work with Data Scientists in developing AI and Machine Learning prototypes and POCs, and taking the lead in making these Production-ready, developing the Production environment, integrating with existing applications, and deploying models into Production. You will be working with leading organizations in the region, and collaborating with other teams in our practice. We are interested in hearing from individuals with a strong development background especially Python development but who also have a keen interest in AI & ML, and preferably some background in the Mathematical Sciences. Current projects include (among others): - NLP, semantic search and information extraction on a large corpus, coupled with an enterprise platform - Analysis and development of predictive analytics for trading in certain markets - Revenue prediction models and integration into prediction syste,s Fraud / anomaly detection Responsibilities You will work alongside a strong, global team of individuals with diverse backgrounds and skills in a variety of areas to: - Develop AI & ML prototypes and proof of concepts - Integrate data sources, via different integration channels - Take the lead in productionising analytic libraries, and integrating the models into the relevant production systems. - Build and integrate analytical data models on ML platforms You will assist the practice in: - Developing templates and accelerators, across a variety of libraries and platforms. - Participating in pre-sales work and client work as necessary - Discovering and verifying opportunities for new business Helping to structure work, planning new analyses, translating business questions into analytical projects You will collaborate with business and technology partners to grow and develop the data science practice Skills Must Strong development skills, preferably in Python. Other languages might be considered. Some knowledge of, or exposure to Machine Learning techniques and practices Exposure to the full Software Development Life Cycle, and experience of working in a modern development team Good analytical skills Strong communication skills, both verbal and written. The successful candidates will be expected to communicate effectively with both business and technical teams Required experience: Degree in Computer Science, or equivalent experience or background in one of the other Mathematical Sciences, eg Mathematics, Statistics, Engineering, Physics, or other similar quantitative field At least two years of software development experience Nice to have Strong background in analytics, and/or Machine-learning-as-a-service. Experience in visualization tools such as Qlik, Tableau, PowerBI or similar. Good understanding of integration patterns Experience in webapp development. Arabic speaker Nice-to-have experience: Experience with / exposure to software development for analytic applications Experience in big data Experience in projects involving cross-functional teams Languages English: Advanced/Fluent
Full Stack / RoR Developer with 4+ years of exp-BLR;Infotech Explorer India Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;4-7 Years;Not Specified;Positon: RoR DeveloperJob Location: Bangalore CTC: Up to 15 L Job description:  Full-stack developer position at an Indian based French subsidiary company. You will use technology to collaborate with tech team, management to solve unique challenges faced by our company using below-mentioned computer technologies or anything other skills that you could bring to our workplace. You will be responsible for adding new features, tuning and maintaining existing systems. Solve new and challenging problems using innovative solutions. If you like NLP or ML and have skills, then we have a large corpus of documents that we want you to dig in and come up with innovative ways to bring value to our business. Be proactive and communicate with stakeholders and advise on future trends that our company might take advantage of. We guarantee that you will have job satisfaction and plenty of challenges that are going to be useful for your career advancement. Technology: > Ruby (Core language) & Rails. > MySQL (Tune performance, Handle large databases). > Linux (Debian/Ubuntu) administration. > Be proactive and have excellent communication skills to collaborate with stakeholders. Nice to have: > Docker, Natural language processing (NLP), machine learning (ML), JavaScript (Node.js, TypeScript ) > PHP: Any MVC Framework (Phalcon/Zend/Laravel, etc), HTML5, JQuery Looking for 4+ years of experience profiles with the above criteria. Interested applicants can contact at 8886792635.ThanksShaikHR
Sr. Full Stack Analytical Lead Role [HIDDEN TEXT];Best infosystems Ltd;Chennai;6-10 Years;790000-1450000;??ESSENTIAL: Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or equivalent & a masters degree in Business Analytics, Statistics, Data Analytics, Information Systems, Data Science or equivalent Minimum of 4+ years of practical hands on experience working with SQL/SQL Server and Python for data extraction, migration, manipulation, data warehousing, data modelling or analytics purposes. Proficiency with modern data tools and cloud technologies would be advantageous. These can include but not limited to Hadoop, Kafka, Snowflake DW, PowerBI, Tableau, AWS, Azure, GCP & IBM Cloud Excellent working knowledge of machine learning on technology stacks such as Python, Numpy, Scipy, Scikit-Learn, Apache Spark and R using libraries such as e1071 and Caret Excellent fluency in data manipulation tasks using frameworks. such as pandas, plyr, Spark. Ability to build APIs on multiple cloud platform. Excellent practitioners with critical thinking skills in data, machine learning and statistical analysis Excellent working knowledge of SQL and NoSQL databases, algorithms and programming paradigms Analytical mind and business acumen with problem solving aptitude Excellent interpersonal, presentation and written communication skills are a must Able to lead a team and guide them technically. Nice to Have: Would be a nice to have if you are certified on any cloud platform certification Good understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as kNN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc. ??Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab, etc (Depending on specific project requirements) Good working knowledge of deep learning frameworks such as Tensorflow, PyTorch, Keras, Caffe and an ability to work with frameworks such as Tesseract, OpenCV, etc. Good Knowledge of Computer Vision, Image Processing, Speech Recognition, Natural Language Understanding, Text Mining, Computational Genomics, Bioinformatics, other Machine Intelligence/Artificial Intelligence related areas. Ability to work effectively in a Linux environment, on cloud-based virtual machines and containers
Content Reviewer;Growing Career;Bengaluru / Bangalore;2-12 Years;Not Specified;Work Location : Bangalore.  Position : Content Reviewer . Interview days & Timing : Monday to Friday. (11.00 AM to 2 .00 PM)Selected candidate have to work initially for 2 to 3 month from office. Post that based on performance it will be decided that whether they would be working from home or NOT.  Position details : Fixed payout : 11th and  12th Standard   - upto 12lac 9th and 10th Standard - upto 8lac  to 9 lac 6th to 8th standard - upto 6 lac   Should be willing to work 5 days a week 11am - 6pm for the first few months. Mention Subject expertise : Maths / Physics / Biology / Chemistry / Science Mention Level of expertise : Primary / Secondary / Senior Secondary / High school (1st std till 12th std) Job Description - Content Reviewer  looking for a Versatile K12 Teacher who can take care of both Maths and Science for classes from I to XII for ICSE, CBSE and all state boards. The responsibilities and requirements are stated as under: RESPONSIBILITY:   Review content for students preparing for school level Maths & Science for all boards of education (CBSE, ICSE, State Boards) along with foundation courses for competitive exams.  Ensure continuous quality review of academic content and questions bank ensuring error-free content (questions, concepts, theory and learning map).  Validation of the data science models built by Data Scientists at Embibe by reviewing the content academically, check relevance and give academic feedback to help improve the algorithms. REQUIREMENTS:   At least 1 to 3 years teaching or academic content creation experience in Maths & Science for Grade 1 to Grade 12.  Excellent written & verbal communication skills.  Proactive communicator.  Educational Qualifications: Academic qualification of B.Tech. / M.Tech. or BE or BSc/ BA / MSc / MA in Maths or Science and BEd. -- SuparbaHR recruiterGrowing CareersEmail: [HIDDEN TEXT]
Data Engineer;Fanatics E-Commerce India LLP;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;5-10 Years;Not Specified;Job Responsibilities  Play a key developer role and be part of building Data Infrastructure components such as Tracking, Messaging Queues, and Real Time Streaming & Batch Data Pipelines Deliver high quality data engineering components/services that are robust and scalable Collaborate and communicate effectively with other team members to deliver strong results Methodical approach to areas such as Data Modeling, Data Quality Guide others in the team on architecture, design and quality engineering practices Leverage these foundational Data Infrastructure to integrate machine learning & statistical models into real time services and power the BI & Visualization layers Work closely with data scientists to assist on feature engineering, model training frameworks, and model deployments at scale Job Requirements  Must have 5+ years of experience with Big Data technologies such as Hadoop, Amazon EMR, Pig, Hive, Spark, and Redshift Must have experience in building data platform – designing and building data model, integrate data from many sources, build ETL and data-flow pipelines, and support all parts of the data platform Must have expert level SQL programming knowledge and experience. Expertise with at least one programming language - Python, Java or Scala Experience in Web Services, API integration, Data exchanges with third parties is preferred Data Analysis skill – can make arguments with data and proper visualization Energetic, enthusiastic, detail-oriented, and passionate about producing high-quality analytics deliverables Knowledge of basic statistical analysis and machine learning MS/BS in Computer Science, MIS, Mathematics, Physics or other quantitative field or relevant work experience  Tryouts are open at Fanatics! Our team is passionate, talented, unified, and charged with creating the fan experience of tomorrow. The ball is in your court now
Lead Data Scientist _ AI / Machine Learning @ Chennai;Neovatic Technologies Private limited;Chennai;12-18 Years;Not Specified;10 -12 years of experience in IT Operations involving Data Science, Artificial Intelligence-Machine Learning and Predictive Analytics. Experience in architecting and implementation of end-to-end AIOPs solutions through ELK stack, Splunk. Experience in applying statistical methods, analysis, pattern recognition and modelling on IT Operational data using ELK machine learning. Experience in extracting meaning full data from incoming data streams from different sources through RegEx, Grok etc. Hands-on experience in applying machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as kNN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc in the IT Operation domain. Experience with machine learning and statistical programming languages - Python, R etc. Experience in assessing the existing IT environment and providing recommendations to reduce the critical applications impacting incidents. Experience in exploring and identifying areas where manual tasks can be automated in IT environment. Experience with various Enterprise IT monitoring solutions including Infrastructure monitoring, Application Performance Monitoring, Network Monitoring, Cloud monitoring etc., Experience in IT Service Management including Service Desk, Incident Management, Change Management, CMDB etc., Excellent knowledge on various IT infrastructure components that includes Server Infrastructure, middle ware, database and application architectures and Cloud Components. Experience/knowledge on Infra monitoring tools - NOI, Zabbix, AppDynamics, Datadog, SCOM, SolarWinds etc. and Service Management tools -IBM Control Desk, BMC Remedy, ServiceNow etc., Experience/Knowledge on BI tool. Knowledge on distributed data/computing tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Gurobi, MySQL, etc., Knowledge on other programming languages/scripting: Python, Java, JavaScript, etc. (Added Advantage). Good analytical skills, strong communication skills are must. Client facing experience is an added advantage Excellent experience in understanding the problem statement, architect and designing the solution
Data Science Machine Learning Engineering manager;CareerXperts Consulting;India;8-13 Years;Not Specified;We are looking for Engineering Managers to tackle difficult problems in the areas of data science and distributed systems of cloud- scale. This is a tremendous opportunity to build and grow a talented Software Development team and an internet product which has very high visibility. Write to me at [HIDDEN TEXT] and i can connect you to a high impact tech leadership role . Experience Minimum of 8 years of relevant industry experience Qualification Experience in leading software development team. Passion for building a strong Engineering culture. Experience in delivering reliable and scalable solutions for both internal and external customers on time with high quality. Strong knowledge of software development methodologies and practices. Solid programming skills in Java and a deep understanding of object oriented design. A Bachelor s Degree in Computer Science with advanced degrees preferred. Preferred Qualifications: Experience in designing and implementing information retrieval and web mining systems Expertise with data science, machine learning algorithms, natural language processing, computer vision Experience with MapReduce, Spark, Hive and Scala.
Business Analyst -(3-8) (Job Code : J42043A);Sampoorna Consultants Private Limited;Mumbai;3-8 Years;Not Specified;"Position : Business Analyst Experience: 3 Years to 8 Years Job Location : Mumbai, Kurla (West) We are looking to hire a great candidate to be a part of our award wining technology team and create a World Class Data Driven Product. Core Skillsets: Exposure to SQL Job Description : - Should love creating scalable solutions involving large amounts of data for complex analytical problems. - Knowledge of Data science with experience in the financial domain, specifically in the equity research space would be preferred. - Exposure to RDBMS and ability to write optimized queries is a must. - Should have a good grasp of technology; actual hands-on experience in a technology is a plus. - BE / B.Tech and MBA from premier institutes with a first class academic track record. Job Responsibilities: - Design and develop scalable and real time software solutions to problems in the financial research domain ranging from processing large volumes of data, algorithms and approaches for developing insightful analysis. - Gather and document workflow, high-level and detailed business and functional requirements by guiding clients through their workflow processes in alignment with product capability. - Elicit requirements, document analysis, use cases, scenarios, business analysis, task and workflow analysis - Understand and apply financial concepts to technology solutions for business problems. - Work in a fast-paced agile development environment and facilitate delivery as per SCRUM."
Data Intelligence ? Spark ? ML;CareerXperts Consulting;Bengaluru / Bangalore;2-7 Years;Not Specified;Data Intelligence - Spark - ML - CareerXperts Consulting Data Intelligence Spark ML US Startup in Bengaluru The vision is to take the data intelligence experience to the next level by leveraging big data technologies and predictive analytics. looking to bring people to our team who want to be a part of the hottest new technologies who thrive in innovation, discovery, and intellectual curiosity. The opportunities are boundless the only limits are your imagination. Are you a problem solver interested in engineering development, big data, or quantitative research If so this is the job for you! It s a great chance to work on Apache Spark and Machine learning. Minimum 2 years of big data development experience utilizing Hadoop, Hive.  Extensive experience using Hive and Pig  Extensive experience using Java  Experience in working with web development using J2EE or similar frameworks  Experience in developing REST API s  Experience with Kubernetes is a plus  Experience with Spark/Scala is a plus  Experience with Akka is a plus  3 Keys to Startup Success: Hustle, Follow - Through and Curiosity.  Responsibilities  Develop highly scalable and extensible Big Data platform which enables collection, storage, modeling, and analysis of massive datasets from numerous channels.  Design and develop software applications in Spark and Scala  Understand business requirements and convert them to technical solutions  API design and Integration  An interest and preferably working experience in agile development methodologies  A team player, eager to invest in personal and team growth
DEEP LEARNING SCIENTIST;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Mumbai;2-6 Years;500000-1000000;Job Description : Job Description Execute and take ownership of deep learning projects end-to-end. Good exposure to various deep learning algorithms and frameworks Understand the problem and the kind of data required and the format in which it is required and prepare the data using the relevant methodologies Keep updated on latest research in AI and deep learning and find ways in which it can be used to solve business problems Must be able to read research papers (eg: some novel architectures, training techniques, etc.) and be able to implement it fully to solve our specific prob Required Candidate profile Skill Set Must have worked on at least 2-3 real life Data science projects. Expert user of Python/R and SQL Hands-on experience in handling unstructured (image, video, audio) and build solutions using Deep Learning / Machine Learning Experience in implementing object detection, GAN €™s. Knowledge of reinforcement learning is a plus. Good grasp and detailed knowledge of any one deep learning library (PyTorch, TensorFlow, etc.) is a must Strong interpersonal skill, entrepreneur mindset Self-motivated, ability to handle ambiguity Strong problem- solving skills
Manual Tester;Glitzern Technology Private Limited;Trichy;1-2 Years;Not Specified;Manual Tester to join our energetic team in developing an exciting cloud-based service platform for the catering, hospitality and transport sectors. We work with technologies in the areas of mobile, machine learning, and IoT, and practice Agile and BDD methodologies. Future technologies will include AR and robotics. • Highly passionate about technology • Have a very big appetite for knowledge on anything technology driven • Have excellent English communications, both written and verbal • Be bold when it comes to seeking knowledge and understanding • Career focused, and not job focused
RPA developer;Job Shop;Bengaluru / Bangalore;2-3 Years;Not Specified;Technical knowledge on leading automation tools, e.g., Blue Prism and UiPath , Automation anywhere Excellent software development background, e.g CSharp, C++, Java, DOTNET Basic programming knowledge on HTML, JavaScript (or any scripting language) Experience with Agile development methodology Experience with Databases (SQL or NoSQL) often preferred Knowledge of AI and Machine Learning Understanding of workflow-based logic Strong attention to detail and analytical skills Excellent communication skill Talent to present technical details
Data Scientist;Fanatics E-Commerce India LLP;Nalgonda;5-10 Years;Not Specified;Job Description: What You’ll Do  • Create data-science and machine learning products in supply-chain and inventory space, • Build & deploy production scale models on large-scale datasets using machine learning (or) deep learning technologies for Supply Chain research, • Work with cross-functional teams to implement and deploy data science products, • Leverage large scale data processing such as Spark, Hive into the data-science products, • Provide analysis using mathematical modeling tools to improve business processes and decisions, • Define creative solutions to business problems using advanced mathematical algorithms, • Communicate with senior management and cross-functional teams, and • Facilitate deep technical discussions with end-users and partners.  What You’ll Need  • Masters (or) PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, Operations Research, Economics, or other quantitative discipline strongly preferred, • Experience in research and development. Conference papers at reputed AI/ML platforms (ICML, NIPS, AAAI) will be a big plus, • Experience in Time series modeling (classical methods like ARIMA, STL Forecast). Understanding and implementing active research in Time series forecasting (Bayesian Forecasting, Hierarchical Forecasting), • Hands on experience in implementing Deep learning models with textual data/ time series data (CNN, LSTM’s) will be a great plus, • Expertise in SCALA (or) functional programming paradigm/ Python / R, • Experience in big data technologies like Spark, Hive, Hadoop, • Experience in understanding business needs and translating to a data-science problem, • Knowledge of the supply chain process – demand forecasting, inventory optimization, sell-through, reorder quantity, recommended buy, and allocation process, • Great communication skills, organized, able to multitask and be a team player, and • Excellent written and oral communication skills on both technical and non-technical topics.  Tryouts are open at Fanatics! Our team is passionate, talented, unified, and charged with creating the fan experience of tomorrow. The ball is in your court now
Job opening for DOTNET Developer (in CSharp ) for  Dadar,Mumbai  location;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;1-5 Years;Not Specified;1. Derive insights and identify opportunities through the use of algorithmic, statistical, mining &visualization techniques. 2. Extracting, analyzing and interpreting variety of data (both structured and unstructured) 3. Build predictive models and machine-learning algorithms and combine models through ensemble modeling and produce results. 4. Execute analytical methods while conveying the results to technical and business teams 5. Analyze Large data sets in terabytes to identify trading opportunities 6. If you have knowledge of CSharp, you will have to opportunity to integrate Real Time Working Artificial Intelligence Models into Live Trading Systems analyzing billions of data points in a day
Data Scientist AI, ML, NextGenOPS-Ghansoli Navi Mumbai-Full time Position;Asm Enterprise Solutions Private Limited;Mumbai;4-8 Years;Not Specified;Hello Partners, We have an opening with our Major client for the following skill set: Position: Data Scientist NextGenOPS Location: Ghansoli Navi Mumbai Notice Period: Immediate OR Max 30 days Type: Fulltime with Altencalsoftlabs Experience: 4 to 8 Years Job Description for data scientists (NextGenOPS) • We are looking for Data Scientists to analyze large amounts of raw and structured information to find patterns. • In this role, you should be highly analytical with a knack for analysis, math and statistics. Critical thinking and problem-solving skills are essential for interpreting data. We also want to see a passion for machine-learning and research. • Your goal will be to help our company analyze trends to make better decisions and discoveries. • Responsibilities • Identify valuable data sources and automate collection processes • Undertake preprocessing of structured and unstructured data • Analyze large amounts of information to discover trends and patterns • Build predictive models and machine-learning algorithms • Combine models through ensemble modeling • Present information using data visualization techniques Requirements: • Strong math (statistics and algebra)skills. • Strong Data mining (collection/scraping, structuring, cleaning, aggregation) skills. • Strong Data visualization skills (using plotly or D3.JS or any other standard library in python/R for multivariate visualization) • Master level knowledge and understanding of Python/R • Proven experience as a Data Scientist or Data Analyst and ML / AI / Data Sciences. • Experience in data mining • Understanding of machine-learning and operations research • Knowledge of SQL/ORACLE queries, familiarity with Scala, Java or C++ is an asset • Experience using business intelligence tools (e.g. Tableau) and data frameworks (e.g. Hadoop) • Hands on experience in advance machine learning techniques/problems - Regression, forecasting, segmentation etc • Must have an aptitude for solving unstructured problems. • Developing RNN/CNN or NN techniques to classification, regression • Experience using libraries such as Tentsor flow, NumPy, Scikit learn, Gensim. Please send me your updated resume along with below details without fail: • Full Name: • Contact Number: • Mail ID: • Notice Period: • Current Location: • Total Year EXP: • Relevant Years EXP: • Last Hike: • Current CTC: • Expected CTC: • Reason for Change: • Highest Graduation Details: • Current Company Name: • Available for F2F interview in Mumbai (Y/N): Thanks & Regards, Krishna Murthy V ! ASM Enterprise Solutions Private Limited 4/1, IBC Knowledge Park, Tower D, 7th Floor Bannerghatta Road, Bangalore - 560029. T : +91 80 4034 3208 Cell: - +91 8618997123 Email: [HIDDEN TEXT] F: +91 80 2648 5108 www.calsoftlabs.com | www.alten.com https://www.linkedin.com/in/krishnamurthysenthamil/ ====================================================================
Machine Learning Lead Engineer – Billion Dollar Startup;CareerXperts Consulting;Chennai;4-12 Years;Not Specified;"Deliver scalable, low latency, and high-performance ML solutions for different products Build ML pipelines end-to-end, including stages such as data pre-processing, model generation, cross-validation, and active feedback Build efficient systems for processing large amounts of data; be proficient with distributed programming frameworks such as Hadoop/Spark Drive solutions and implementation leveraging different open source libraries and distributed systems Work closely with Data Scientists and come up with scalable system and model architectures for enabling real-time ML/AI services Liaise with architects and engineers from other product teams to build solutions and drive adoption Elicit quality attributes of the system and define metrics to establish its success. Write to [HIDDEN TEXT] to get connected! #HighBarOfEntry"
Jav Solution Architect;Orchid Management Consultancy;Pune;12-16 Years;Not Specified;Java Solution Architect:- Should have a linear growth within the organizations. Having worked on enterprise application development, deployment of high availability applications with all the considerations around cloud deployment. • Must be self-motivated in all aspects, should drive the assignment to completion, clearing all hurdles on the way. Team motivation is also an integral part of job expectations. • Look for perfection for work done by yourself or your peers. • Should be a good team player and have team building capabilities. • Orientation towards a technology direction role is expected. • Demonstrate strong personal values and a commitment to our mission and customers • Should have in-depth knowledge of current and future technology trends, and the entire eco-system. • Technology direction for strategic client engagements and technology roadmap for our products • Help put (along with the executive technical team) the guidelines and practices in place for continuous improvement in the architectural and development activities to show indirect productivity gains, thus ensuring the team delivers at an extraordinary level. • Ensure the above guidelines and practices are adhered to and followed, with a continuous feedback mechanism to enhance the above-said guidelines and practices. • Participate in design, architecting and code reviews of core components (for products) • Ability to grow an elite team, if needed • Mentoring the next level to take a similar role in upcoming projects. • Ability to design and deploy cloud computing platform on Azure and AWS. • Working knowledge of subjects like machine learning, AI, etc. Bring the strategic planning and BU leadership in shaping the organization in terms of delivery of the utmost quality solution and state of the art product offerings. Required Skill Set:- Java, J2EE, Spring, Hibernet, Microservices, Angular, React, Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server, SOAP, CI-CD, Maven, Sonar
Data Engineer – AI/ IoT Platform;CareerXperts Consulting;Bengaluru / Bangalore;5-8 Years;Not Specified;Own end to end development of Scalable Distributed System Components. Write beautiful code that earns the respect of fellow engineers and increases engineering excellence for the entire team. We value intellectual curiosity, open communication and creative thinkers who know how to stand up and be counted. You will join a high class globally distributed team and work with some leading  Industry Inventors. Write to [HIDDEN TEXT] to get more details ! #HighBarOfEntry #DeepTech
Chatbots developer;Job Shop;Bengaluru / Bangalore;2-3 Years;Not Specified;Design conversational chatbots using state of the art technology - Collaborate with the senior team (System Architect and Senior Programmer) on application architecture design and decision-making - Clean / analyse data coming from bot conversation - Define recurring questions that can be handled automatically / defined by the client - Improve dialog flow to handle those recurring questions / develop new actions - Help with handling of multilingual support - Develop internal testing tools one who has worked on chatbots earlier node.js, HTML V5 CSS 3 or Python (with NLP), IBM Watson similar attributes: need to pick kore.ai with a steep learning curve.
Application Developer;HighPoints Technologies India Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;7-9 Years;Not Specified;Job Description: Perform requirements gathering, data model design, ETL Development using Oracle PL/SQL. Analyze source data using complex SQL queries to come up with best possible data model design. Debug and performance tune existing ETLs, reports and dashboards by analyzing relevant SQL queries. RELEVANT EXPERIENCE and TRAINING 7+ years of experience in Data Warehouse and Business Intelligence. 7+ years of proven experience in PL/SQL programming, stored procedures, functions. 7+ years of experience in data analysis and troubleshooting skills with ability to write complex SQL queries and performance tuning in Oracle database. OBIEE, Python, Data Science knowledge will be added advantage. 7+ years of PLSQL, SQL Location:Bangalore
Associate Director IA- Practice;Gspann Technologies Inc;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;14-22 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Role: Associate Director IA- Practice Location: Hyderabad Total Experience: 14+yrs The ideal candidate is a hands-on leader and practitioner who is passionate about data and analytics, excels in deriving insights, visualizing and telling stories with data, is comfortable dealing with ambiguity, communicates effectively across organizations and with senior executives, and has a track record of delivering data and BI related projects to drive business impact. Key Accountabilities: Accountable for delivery of all projects, programs and tactics covering all aspects of Analytics Delivery across all accounts Information Analytics practice at GSPANN covers EDW, Master Data Management, Data Governance, Descriptive, Predictive Analytics, Business Intelligence, Reporting, Visualization, Big Data and Machine Learning. Build and develop a strong team of Data Analysts and Business Intelligence Engineers. Lead by example, engaging hands-on in complex data challenges and Information Management projects to derive deep insights from data. Collaborate with Data Scientists and practitioners to frame, structure and prioritize business problems where insights can have the biggest impact. Partner with our Data Engineering team to leverage data pipelines, platforms and applications in support of analytics and to build flexible and scalable self-serve analytics capabilities. Drive design, development and deployment of standardized metrics and dashboards to measure our delivery across all our accounts. Prioritize, expand, and manage the portfolio of data, analytics and BI projects to meet business requirements and time and budget constraints. Attract, develop, and retain talent to improve team productivity, efficiency and effectiveness. Basic Requirements: Minimum Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Business Information Systems, or related field. MBA is a plus. Preferred Experience: Proven track record of delivering highly-scalable and reliable solutions through multiple cycles. Excellent information management skills (architecture, design, development and support) in ETL, Database, EDW, Reporting & Big Data is a must. Excellent communication, client engagement and client management skills are strongly preferred. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: / Functional Area: , Role Category: System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role: Practice Head / Practice Manager Employment Type: Full Time, Permanent
Counselor;Altezzasys Systems Private Limited;Noida;3-8 Years;200000-300000;Profile Name :- Sr. IT Counselor Required Exp. :- 3+ Years CTC Criteria :- upto 3.0 LPa Product Knowledge :- Big Data Hadoop, Artificial Intelligence, Data Science, Amazon Web Service, Digital Marketing.  We are looking at relevantly experienced counselors who can help us grab the best of the talent available to be part of our training audiance . Maintaining candidate database , calling them , answering internal and external leads . Mapping the target audiance  via market research and need . Providing consulting and detailed description of the offerings Maintaining records Arranging and managing trainings following stated targets on monthly basis.  About Teras Consulting : Teras Consulting offers exclusive SAP Training Programs for beginners in Noida, Delhi, India intermediates and experts having centre in Delhi NCR, established in year 2009 for fulfilment of the need of IT industry and the growing need of IT consultant. The SAP trainers at Teras Consulting committed to provide quality oral as well as practical training equips with live projects and simulations .The commitment bears the testimony of the fact that we are the largest and the leading authorised SAP education partner in India.
Application Developer;HighPoints Technologies India Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;5-8 Years;1000000-1700000;Job Description As an expert software developer, this is a unique opportunity to leverage your skills to build unparalleled in-depth knowledge within our life science projects. You will participate in creating data science applications that improve life of patients through supporting various areas of healthcare like disease detection and drug research. Working with modern distributed systems, complex data, advanced data science models, and challenging requests in an agile environment, you will help shape the way our team approaches prototyping and development of data-driven analytics products. This crucial role involves identifying opportunities for better data modelling, abstraction, testing, scaling, internal tooling, and other software development practices that will help our team maximize our efficiency in data science projects. You will have the opportunity to provide technical mentorship to the team, and to set the standards for code quality and software architecture for the projects you work on. Your typical activities might include: Collaborating with data scientists, data engineers, and other developers to turn working prototypes into well-abstracted, reusable python modules for iterative development of data science projects. Overseeing technical aspects of greenfield projects from concept to completion. Digging into a variety of databases to engineer a data pipeline to extract datasets for ML training and predictions. Providing technical leadership and assisting the team on execution of technical tasks centered on delivery of analytics models as containerized applications. Identifying opportunities for improvements of applications like improving services response time and horizontal scaling Comprehensive testing of your own code. Production deployments of microservices to k8s cluster through a CI/CD pipeline that you will design and setup. Our ideal candidate will have: A Bachelors or masters degree in STEM field such as Computer Science, Engineering, Statistics, Mathematics, Biotechnology. Expert familiarity with Python 3 supported by 5+ years of backend programming experience using object-oriented and functional paradigms Experience with relational databases and good understanding of SQL Experience with non-relational databases like MongoDB and Redis Experience designing and implementing Rest API, with frameworks like Flask and Falcon Proficient understanding of designing microservices based applications Strong unit testing and debugging skills Proficient understanding of code versioning tools such as Git Linux proficiency and experience with containerization tools such as Docker, Kubernetes Experience in following Scrum best practices Fluency in English (spoken and written) We will also appreciate if you have some of: Experience in putting machine learning models into production Familiarity with advanced Python data structures like numpy arrays and pandas Familiarity with process of building python packages Experience with workflow managers like Airflow, Azkaban or Luigi Familiarity with Hadoop ecosystem like YARN, Hive, Impala, HDFS. Experience working with large volumes of complex data, preferably in distributed frameworks such as Spark Experience with deploying code into production through CI/CD tools like Jenkins Front-end experience with some modern JavaScript frameworks Experience in programming in Scala Experience with ELK stack or Kafka Salary: INR 10,00,000 - 17,00,000 PA. Industry: / Functional Area: , Role Category: Programming & Design Role: Software Developer Employment Type: Full Time, Temporary/Contractual
Data Scientist / Data Intelligence Analyst for Qatar;Vinirma Consulting Private Limited;Qatar;4-9 Years;Not Specified;VINIRMA Consulting Pvt. Ltd. is a 360° Human Resource Management Consulting and Staffing Services Organization with operations in UAE, Qatar, Bahrain, Australia, USA, Singapore & India. VINIRMA Consulting is currently looking for Data Scientist / Data Intelligence Analyst for one of its clients which is a Business Consulting, IT Solutions and Services company in Qatar with the following terms and conditions. Role Objective • Data scientist / Data Intelligence Analyst will be helping bank to implement various machine learning-based tools or processes within the Bank, such as recommendation engines or automated lead scoring systems. • We are looking at someone to help bank to discover the information hidden in vast amounts of data and help bank to make smarter decisions to deliver better products and services to customers. • The primary focus of the Data scientist will be in applying data mining techniques, doing statistical analysis, and building high quality prediction systems integrated with our products. • Depth of knowledge in quantitative analytic methods, data management, visualization, and programming skills suitable to drive data driven decisions. • Researches, models, implements and validates algorithms (predictive and prescriptive) specific to Banking industry to analyze diverse sources of data & achieve targeted outcomes. COMPETENCIES, KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE Educational Qualifications: • Bachelor’s degree with five (5) years of experience OR Master’s degree with two (2) years of experience in a quantitative/analytical/STEM field Experience: • Seven to 10 years of experience in the BFS domain – working on enterprise DWH like SAP, Oracle or SAS • One (1) year of working experience in Machine Learning, Deep Learning, or Artificial Intelligence • One (1) year of working programming experience in Python, Ruby, R, Matlab, Scala, or Java • One (1) year of hands-on experience with Big Data technologies • Experience in libraries such as TensorFlow, Pytorch, or Keras • Experience in Agile Software Development • Knowledge in Google Analytics and/or Adobe Digital Behavioral Competencies • Motivation • Talent Focus • Adherence to process, system and schedule • Feedback, motivating, mentoring and coaching • Adaptability • Communication skills • Fostering Team work • Managing Change • Influencing others • Customer Orientation • Building collaborative relationship • Analytical thinking • Fostering Innovation • Strategic Thinking • Customer Orientation Technical Competencies • Rich working knowledge of SAP / Oracle BI / SAS • Expertise in analyzing large, complex, multi-dimensional datasets using a variety of tools like Python, R, Statistical Analysis System (SAS), or Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS) • Comfortable with both relational databases and Hadoop-based data mining frameworks • Advanced Structured Query Language (SQL) skills • Proficient in visualization tools like Power Business Intelligence (BI), Tableau • Strong business acumen with the ability to communicate with both business and Information Technology (IT) leaders • Deep understanding of statistical and predictive modeling concepts, machine learning approaches, clustering and classification techniques, and recommendation and optimization algorithms Detailed Roles and Responsibilities STRATEGIC • Primary objectives of the job role include development and tracking of Key Performance Indicators (such as customer numbers, Wealth Management products cross-sell, balances and various profitability measures), customer segmentation design (geographic, industry and sales range as examples), analysis of third party prospect data to help design marketing campaigns and identify customer contact strategies. The main focus of the analyst will be supporting the team’s broader efforts in developing information infrastructure, targeting strategies and report automation. • Take decisions with the full knowledge of all the relevant business, economic, political, and competitive environment. • Ensure that the Bank is moving forward with stretched objectives in regards to project activities. • Align functional activities and initiatives with the objectives and mission of the Bank. • Understanding, advocating and supporting the enterprises business and IT strategies. • Setting the performance metrics of the Business Intelligence and Data management function. OPERATIONAL • Strong analytical thinking skills, logical in problem solving • Strong understanding of data structures and databases (relational or non) with a proven ability to work with large, structured, and un-structured datasets • Uses quantitative and analytical techniques to accelerate profitable growth and customer engagement - unlocking value across all functional areas of business • Ability to fix issues, streamline code, and automate processes to ensure they work effectively and meet requirements. • High attention to detail, capacity to identify patterns and abnormalities • Provide analytical support to various lines of business to formulate sound business strategies & help is drawing insights from data to make quick, well informed decisions with available information • Develop visualizations and dashboards to deliver insights (eg: Tableau, Power BI, etc.) that effectively communicate results and recommendations. • Engage and collaborate with different teams to understand and create opportunities • Work with Business units and technology teams to develop solution models and provide analysis to support marketing and customer relationship management • Ability to use Big Data tools (Hadoop, Spark, H2O, CDSW, Domino Labs, etc.) to build data analytics solutions • Ability to build Machine L:earning and Artificial Intelligence (AI) models from development through testing and validation • Primarily focuses on daily deliverables of routine and defined outputs, while at the same time developing knowledge of the broader context in which the work is being performed PEOPLE MANAGEMENT • As a team member of the PMO Team work co-operatively with others on a team. • Provide recommendations for the Section Head of Enterprise Architecture and PMO. • Nominate for training as per Banks’s guidelines, conduct performance reviews and manage leave and overtime to ensure efficiency. Terms and conditions Joining time frame: 2 weeks (maximum 1 month) Should you be interested in this opportunity, please send your latest resume in MS Word format at the earliest at [HIDDEN TEXT] or call us +91 (0)471 4012246 or +91 (0)476 2684922.
RPA Architect;Conneqt Business Solutions Limited;Mumbai;10-13 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Job Description Role and Responsibilities This role will be Leader RPA CoE Team with complete accountability of defining, delivering, managing and growing RPA practice Will be required to work on business process automation platforms, develop new solutions, and enable adoption of automation solutions across Enterprise Manage teams of RPA developers to deliver multiple RPA projects / initiatives at client side and enterprise side Driving the adoption of best practices around coding, design, quality and performance of Partner with our customers to identify the best customized solution that meets their requirements in terms of RPA strategy on an enterprise level Responsible for Architectural decisions in designing and implementing Applications Support in build Reusable Architectures, Solutions, Repositories and best practices as CoE Assets and IPs reducing key man dependencies and creating robust framework of knowledge management and L&D Skills and Experience Experience in RPA tools, related Tools (ML, NLP, Extraction) to build end to end solution Experience/exposure to Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning, and Artificial Intelligence tools Exposure to defining Enterprise level automation Architecture and ability to design and evaluate overall Architecture of the automation solutions Hands on development experience in Microsoft DOTNET technologies or Java Technologies with inclination towards hands on Architect Proficient in System Analysis and Design on all aspects Overall l 10+ years of experience including Hands on in Technology preferably Enterprise Automation and Automation Experience (RPA, AI, ML, Business Analytics) of more than 3+ years. Hands-on development experience in any of the programming languages/platforms - DOTNET / VB / VC++ / C++ / J2EE - experience in Microsoft stack is highly preferred. Ability to lead a team of developers and testers (up to 5 team members) and implement automation solutions independently. Engineering Graduate with required exp and certifications Salary: INR 15,00,000 - 30,00,000 PA. Industry: / Functional Area: Employment Type: Full Time, Permanent
Machine Leaning Architect;Neovatic Technologies Private limited;Chennai;12-17 Years;Not Specified;Experience 13 to 16 Years 10 -12 years of experience in IT Operations involving Data Science, Artificial Intelligence-Machine Learning and Predictive Analytics. Experience in architecting and implementation of end-to-end AIOPs solutions through ELK stack, Splunk. Experience in applying statistical methods, analysis, pattern recognition and modeling on IT Operational data using ELK machine learning. Experience in extracting meaning full data from incoming data streams from different sources through RegEx, Grok etc. Hands-on experience in applying machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as kNN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc in the IT Operation domain. Experience with machine learning and statistical programming languages - Python, R etc. Experience in assessing the existing IT environment and providing recommendations to reduce the critical applications impacting incidents. Experience in exploring and identifying areas where manual tasks can be automated in IT environment. Experience with various Enterprise IT monitoring solutions including Infrastructure monitoring, Application Performance Monitoring, Network Monitoring, Cloud monitoring etc. Experience in IT Service Management including Service Desk, Incident Management, Change Management, CMDB etc. Excellent knowledge on various IT infrastructure components that includes Server Infrastructure, middle ware, database and application architectures and Cloud Components. Experience/knowledge on Infra monitoring tools - NOI, Zabbix, AppDynamics, Datadog, SCOM, SolarWinds etc. and Service Management tools -IBM Control Desk, BMC Remedy, ServiceNow etc. Experience/Knowledge on BI tools Knowledge on distributed data/computing tools: Map/Reduce, Hadoop, Hive, Spark, Gurobi, MySQL, etc. Knowledge on other programming languages/scripting: Python, Java, JavaScript, etc. ( Added Advantage ) Good analytical skills, strong communication skills are must. Client facing experience is an added advantage. Excellent experience in understanding the problem statement, architect and designing the solution
Big Data Engineer;Fanatics E-Commerce India LLP;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;4-8 Years;Not Specified;Job Description:  Responsibilities:  • Play a key developer role and be part of building Data Infrastructure components such as Tracking, Messaging Queues, and Real Time Streaming & Batch Data Pipelines. • Deliver high quality data engineering components/services that are robust and scalable. • Collaborate and communicate effectively with other team members to deliver strong results. • Methodical approach to areas such as Data Modelling, Data Quality. • Guide others in the team on architecture, design and quality engineering practices. • Leverage these foundational Data Infrastructure. • Integrate machine learning & statistical models into real time services and power the BI & Visualisation layers. • Work closely with data scientists to assist on feature engineering, model training frameworks, and model deployments at scale. • Integrate data from many sources, build ETL and data-flow pipelines, and support all parts of the data platform. Requirements:  • Must have 4+ years of experience with Big Data technologies such as Hadoop, Amazon EMR, Pig, Hive, Spark, and Red-shift. • Must have experience in building data platform, designing and building data model. • Must have expert level SQL programming knowledge and experience. • Expertise with at least one programming language - Python, Java or Scala. • Experience in Web Services, API integration, Data exchanges with third parties is preferred. • Data Analysis skill. • Energetic, enthusiastic, detail-oriented, and passionate about producing high-quality analytics deliverables. • Knowledge of basic statistical analysis and machine learning. • MS/BS in Computer Science, MIS, Mathematics, Physics or other quantitative field or relevant work experience
Data Scientist;TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;5-8 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : - 5 to 7 years of total software/IT engineering/code development experience. Out of this at least 4+ Data science and Data intelligence experience - Five + years performing virtualization in cloud, hybrid and hosted environments - Five + years designing and implementing solutions - Writing policy and systems descriptions for how multiple environments work together - Strong oral and written communication skills and ability to transform technical knowledge into business language Desirable Requirements: - Should have experience on any of the data virtualization tools from Denodo/Tibco (Composite) or any other equivalent tooletc. - Knowledge of relevant development trends and technologies (Docker, Kubernetes, CI, etc.) - Proven application development experience - Experience writing unit tests
Senior Hardware Validation Engineer;CareerXperts Consulting;Bengaluru / Bangalore;2-5 Years;Not Specified;Experience 5 years in testing analog digital hardware Qualification  Ways to stand out from the crowd  Demonstrated test design for a complex instrumentation / embedded product  Responsibilities  Understand the design and schematics of different analog and digital circuit boards and translate it to test strategies and test plan design  Prepare test plans to evaluate 3rd party components like heaters, pumps, valves, etc. that are used in the product  Plan resourcing needs and estimate effort  Design functional, performance and characterization test plans to evaluate features  Participate in design and test reviews  Mentor a team of hardware validation and automation engineers  Perform manual and/ or automated testing  Work with the production team to identify, setup and support the production validation effort  Root-cause and help fix hardware issues  Take ownership of validation cycle for all hardware releases
Openings for Python developer @ Saudi Arabia Location;Durus Consulting Private Limited;Saudi Arabia;7-15 Years;Not Specified;We have Openings for Saudi Arabia Location for Python Developers with C++ and QT expertise /Data Scientist Exp:7+ Proficiency in Qt / Python Qt Widgets UI development and designs (version 5 and newer). Proficiency in C++, with fair knowledge of other languages. Thorough knowledge of the C++ standard libraries, 2D plotting libraries …etc. Proficiency in Linux environment and scripting (Bash, csh, python). Knowledge of multi-threading and parallelism programming. Proficient understanding of code versioning tools such as Git. Familiarity with continuous integration. Experience using Microsoft Team Foundation Server. Excellent analytical and problem solving skills. Excellent interpersonal skills to operate effectively as part of a team (team s range from 5-8 persons). Excellent oral and written communication skills to clearly explain identified problems. Excellent analytical and problem solving skills. (optional) basic knowledge of AI (Machine-Learning, CNN, NN … etc.) Interested Please share profiles to [HIDDEN TEXT]
Artificial Intelligence - Lead;IEverware Technologies Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;4-6 Years;Not Specified;Job Title: Artificial Intelligence - Lead Job Location: Hyderabad Job Type: Permanent Experience: 4-6 Yrs Compensation: Not Disclosed by recruiter Note: Overall 6+ years experience with 2+ years in developing AI / ML solutions required Education & Eligibility: B.E., B. Tech (Any Engineering Background), CS Branch, Any Bachelor Degree, M. Tech, MBA, MCA, BCA, Post Graduates, Ph.D. Hands-on work items to do proof of concepts (PoC) and new development using technologies related to artificial intelligence, machine learning and / or deep learning Apply software engineering skills, design skills, and creative thinking to build cutting edge AI systems Identify and refine project requirements, solutions to potentially abstract AI challenges, and well-defined performance metrics Design and develop software as scalable architectures, components, APIs and systems Work in high intensity, joint teams of software engineers and research scientists Lead by example and constantly explore new ideas and find ways to develop new modules Work closely with development managers, technical leads and other architects to prepare technology solutions and roadmap to meet key business goals Minimum Qualifications: Bachelors or Masters degree required in Computer Science with 4-8 years of overall experience Experience coding and debugging in one or more general purpose programming languages Java, Python, Javascript Experience with machine learning tools and frameworks including but not limited to: TensorFlow, PyTorch, Torch, Caffe, etc. Experience with standard machine learning techniques and frameworks. Knowledge of AI services of Microsoft Azure and / or IBM Blue mix desired Have thorough understanding of OOP, design patterns, cloud architecture, web services and enterprise application integration is required Knowledge of Angular JS, HTML / CSS desired Experience with voice recognition and speech to text APIs is desired Highly motivated, creative, self-directed, and thrives in challenging environment Detail-oriented individual with the ability to rapidly learn and take advantage of new concepts, business models, and technologies  
SQL Database Administrator;Kumaarakalpa Staffing And Services Private Limited;Mumbai;2-4 Years;450000-500000;"SQL Server Database Administrator About Company : It is 10 years old fast-growing technology solutions provider for the financial industry, with a focus on building innovative products for financial institutions with a focus on compliance and operations. Here are some highlights about us. • We take pride in the fact that we are a product company, which makes it technically more challenging for our engineers to build scalable and extensible system • We are a FinTech company (Finance domain), and we have customers in multiple countries • You may get a chance to work on latest technologies such as Machine Learning • You will be doing Full Stack development (front end using AngularJS, service side using restful APIs in DOTNET, and SQL Server backend) • We reward merit over experience Location : Mumbai Experience : 2 – 4 Years Function : Technology - IT & Systems Vacancy : 1 Job Description : SQL SERVER DATA BASE ADMINISTRATOR Job Duties: 1.Recommends solutions by defining database physical structure and functional capabilities, database security, data backup, and recovery specifications. 2.Installs revised or new systems by proposing specifications and flowcharts; recommending optimum access techniques; coordinating installation requirements. 3.Maintains database performance by calculating optimum values for database parameters; implementing new releases; completing maintenance requirements; evaluating computer operating systems and hardware products. 4.Prepares users by conducting training; providing information; resolving problems. 5.Provides information by answering questions and requests. 6.Supports database functions by designing and coding utilities. 7.Maintains quality service by establishing and enforcing organization standards. 8.Maintains professional and technical knowledge by attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; establishing personal networks; bench marking state-of-the-art practices; participating in professional societies. Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. Requirements : Experience using Microsoft SQL Server 2005 / 2008 / 2012 / 2014 Experience : 2-4 as Data base Administrator Working Days : 6 Days a Week ( to ) Job Nature : Full Time"
Splunk Admin;Trigent Software Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;3-8 Years;Not Specified;Greeting from Trigent!! Must Have:- ·  Expert knowledge of Splunk architecture planning, administration, search language (SPL), search techniques, alerts, dashboards and report building. ·  Should have good troubleshooting skills of Splunk platform (CLI skills). ·  Good knowledge of Linux to troubleshoot Splunk platform at command level. ·  Good problem-solving and troubleshooting skills. ·  Working with CI / CD tools such as Jenkins / Git etc ·  Design and development of  end to end networking, performance transaction visibility, including large scale processing, integration, and analysis of system logs and databases in SPLUNK. ·  Identification of analytics approaches, and development of supporting analytical data sets using SPLUNK. ·  Development of statistical behavior models, and support for the development of machine learning approaches. ·  Development of visualization dashboard and indicators that identify anomalous activities Good To Have: ·  Hands experience on DevOps tools ·  AWS Cloud platform knowledge ·  Agile Methodology Experience : 3-8Years Job Type : Permanent Salary As per market standards Work Location : Bangalore
Software Engineer;V4U Manpower;Bengaluru / Bangalore;3-5 Years;Not Specified;Desired Skills: • Experience—3 + years of hands-on experience in DOTNET, MVC, Csharp, Entity Framework and SQL Server. • Good experience in Algorithm Development with strong Logical skills required. • Basic knowledge on Machine Learning, Python and R Integrations would be added advantage • Good knowledge in HTML and JQuery required • Excellent knowledge of the tools, techniques, and software, and ability to apply them in developing programs as required. • Experience in debugging software. • Should be a self-starter and capable of operating on minimal management oversight • Ability to work under pressure to meet agreed deadlines • Passion, energy, and enthusiasm to drive results
Principal Engineer (Front End) for Bangalore [Product Company] | 10-15 years;Kaizen SRA Technologies Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;10-15 Years;2500000-4000000;Role: Principal Engineer (Front End) Exp band: 10-17 Years Work Location: Bangalore (Vector Prestige, Marathahalli)  Mode of Interview: VCON followed by F2F (must) - Locals from Bangalore Region ONLY. Prefer candidates from Product Dev Firms and NP less than 30 days. We are looking for an experienced, inventive, passionate, Project Lead for our team in Bangalore.  Description Scope of Work:  You will work with a group of Engineers and Product Managers to help build high performance, scalable, resilient web applications and services that will revolutionize the web conferencing space. Able Candidate should:  • have a passion for technology with strong design and problem solving skills • have excellent oral and written communication skills. • be proficient in Java or other server-side languages • have experience in JavaScript based Front-Ends such as Backbone/Angular/React/Ember etc. • have experience working with RESTful APIs and common RESTful design patterns. • have proven ability to lead and drive projects from inception to completion • have experience working as a scrum-master and in Agile methodologies • be able to communicate and work well within a geographically distributed team Required:  • 10+ years of product development experience • 2+ years of project leadership experience • BE/B.Tech in Computer Science or related field Desired: • Experience in real-time web applications • Knowledge of AWS and other cloud services • Understanding of database technologies (SQL and NoSQL) as well as API cache design and caching technologies. • Experience in machine learning and artificial intelligence • Contributions to open source projects  Details Required:Current Employer/Work Location: CCTC: ECTC: Notice Period: Current Location: Relocation: Native Location: DOB: Education/Year of Passing: Total Exp: Rel Exp: Marital Status: Visa (if any): Regards,  Pradeep Krishnan [HIDDEN TEXT] |
Solutions Architect- (JAVA \ AWS};Aayam Consultants;Chennai;10-14 Years;1800000-2400000;Position:   Solutions Architect- (JAVA \ AWS} Organisation--  InspiriSYS solution- www.inspirisys.com Reporting -   Security Practice Lead Location:-   Chennai { DLF Porur } Exp-    10-12 yrs. Budget:-   CTC- 24 LPA { max.} Qualifications: -  B.E. \ B.Tech. \ M.Tech. \ Graduate with Com.Sc. Company Profile:- InspiriSYS enables enterprises to re-imagine their businesses for the ever-changing digital world. Established in 1991, we are a leading information technology services and consulting company in India along with having a global footprint across North America, Middle East, UK, Japan, and Singapore markets. https://www.inspirisys.com Job Responsibilities: Solution Architect , 12+ Years of Overall Experience , Primarily 5+Years in Developing Solutions , Solution Architecture with Expert Level of Java and AWSMust have Experience in Architecting Large scale cloud Applications10+ years’ experience in one or more architecture domains (e.g. business architecture, solutions architecture, application architecture).3 years of experience with designing and architecting large scale applications, including SaaS and cloud based applications.JAVA / DOT NET Technology Architecture and software development experience with and understanding of a modern technology stack.Exceptional verbal and written communication skills.Advanced knowledge and experience in one or more current programming languages (E.g.- Java, Javascript (including AngularJS), DOTNET, Python, Ruby or PHP).Experience defining the architecture of cloud deployed applications (AWS preferred) Experience with containerized applications using Docker, Kubernetes or other similar tooling and defining and driving DevOps best practices within large teams Experience establishing legacy modernization and migration roadmaps for large scale applications and building applications using service-oriented, micro service, and/or API based architectures at an enterprise scale.Experience with event-driven applications using queues, service bus and other related patterns and working in one or multiple IT areas, but with the versatility to grow in other areas, to include:Cloud enabled/cloud native solutions.SecDevOps.Advanced Analytics.Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence/Robotic Process Automation.Integration/API/Microservices.User Experience.Agile Methodologies e.g. Scrum, Kanban, SAFe, Lean.Excellent communication skills.Ability to work collaboratively.Ability to influence and negotiate. 
AX solution Developer;null;Bengaluru / Bangalore;5-10 Years;1200000-1400000;• BS in Information Science, Computer Science or equivalent work history • 4+ years of programming experience in X++ or Csharp • 4+ years of SQL Server and SSRS experience • 2+ years of web services (WCF, SOAP, XML) experience • Knowledge of basic computer science concepts – data structures, object oriented design, problem solving, etc. • Experience with Microsoft TFS or equivalent code management/SDLC software • Excellent communication skills including working with users to understand functional requirements or troubleshoot issues Key Skill Set : • Experience with Dynamics AX 2009/ AX 2012/ D365 and X++ • Experience with SQL/SSAS/SSRS • Experience with Microsoft SQL Server, including T-SQL, stored procedures and functions • Knowledge of basic Computer Science concepts - data structures, OO design, problem solving, etc. Need only AX Technical Consultant Immediate joiners and maximum within 30 days PREFERRED SKILLS • Experience with Microsoft Dynamics AX 2009/2012/Db365 ERP • Experience with large scale software deployments
RPA Architect: RPA and Machine Learning / Artificial Intelligence) 10;Conneqt Business Solutions Limited;Mumbai;10-13 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Job Description Role and Responsibilities This role will be Leader RPA CoE Team with complete accountability of defining, delivering, managing and growing RPA practice Will be required to work on business process automation platforms, develop new solutions, and enable adoption of automation solutions across Enterprise Manage teams of RPA developers to deliver multiple RPA projects / initiatives at client side and enterprise side Driving the adoption of best practices around coding, design, quality and performance of Partner with our customers to identify the best customized solution that meets their requirements in terms of RPA strategy on an enterprise level Responsible for Architectural decisions in designing and implementing Applications Support in build Reusable Architectures, Solutions, Repositories and best practices as CoE Assets and IPs reducing key man dependencies and creating robust framework of knowledge management and L&D Skills and Experience Experience in RPA tools, related Tools (ML, NLP, Extraction) to build end to end solution Experience/exposure to Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning, and Artificial Intelligence tools Exposure to defining Enterprise level automation Architecture and ability to design and evaluate overall Architecture of the automation solutions Hands on development experience in Microsoft DOTNET technologies or Java Technologies with inclination towards hands on Architect Proficient in System Analysis and Design on all aspects Overall l 10+ years of experience including Hands on in Technology preferably Enterprise Automation and Automation Experience (RPA, AI, ML, Business Analytics) of more than 3+ years. Hands-on development experience in any of the programming languages/platforms - DOTNET / VB / VC++ / C++ / J2EE - experience in Microsoft stack is highly preferred. Ability to lead a team of developers and testers (up to 5 team members) and implement automation solutions independently. Engineering Graduate with required exp and certifications Salary: INR 15,00,000 - 30,00,000 PA. Industry: / Functional Area: Employment Type: Full Time, Permanent
Content Reviewing;Growing Career;Bengaluru / Bangalore;1-6 Years;Not Specified;Position details : Consultant will be paid with 100% variable pay.(No fix pay) Should be willing to work 5 days a week 11am - 6pm for the first few months. Mention Subject expertise : Maths / Physics / Biology / Chemistry / Science Mention Level of expertise : Primary / Secondary / Senior Secondary / High school (1st std till 12th std) looking for a Versatile K12 Teacher who can take care of both Maths and Science for classes from I to XII for ICSE, CBSE and all state boards. The responsibilities and requirements are stated as under: RESPONSIBILITY:  Review content for students preparing for school level Maths & Science for all boards of education (CBSE, ICSE, State Boards) along with foundation courses for competitive exams.  Ensure continuous quality review of academic content and questions bank ensuring error-free content (questions, concepts, theory and learning map).  Validation of the data science models built by Data Scientists at Embibe by reviewing the content academically, check relevance and give academic feedback to help improve the algorithms. REQUIREMENTS:  At least 1 to 3 years teaching or academic content creation experience in Maths & Science for Grade 1 to Grade 12.  Excellent written & verbal communication skills.  Proactive communicator.  Educational Qualifications: Academic qualification of B.Tech. / M.Tech. or BE or BSc/ BA / MSc / MA in Maths or Science and BEd. If you are interested send your updated resume SuparbaHR recruiterGrowing CareersEmail: [HIDDEN TEXT]
Python Developer;Sheer Sources;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;4-9 Years;Not Specified;• Work with our customer success, integration teams to build new integration connectors using open source technologies. Participate in planning, implementation and go-live phases to ensure customer success. • Build and automate data pipelines across systems both internal and external systems. • Understanding of HTML pages is a plus so you can contribute to our crawling infrastructure. • Design and implement low-latency, high-availability, and scalable scripts that work with large volumes of data, literally terabytes of data. • Experience working with structured (XML / JSON) and unstructured data. Strong points if you are familiar and worked in an environment that use Machine Learning frameworks like PyTorch, Word2Vec, TensorFlow. • Experience working with HTTP / REST / SOAP connectors • Experience working with databases preferably MySQL / Oracle • Writing reusable, testable, and efficient code. • Good understanding of security best practices, data encryption • Collaborate with other team members and stakeholders. • Not afraid to learn explore new technologies, build proof of concepts, review that with the technical architecture for possible improvements and go-live
UI Developer (React.js with Angular or Node.js) for Pune;On Demand Agility Software Private Limited;Pune;3-8 Years;Not Specified;Hi , We have an urgent opportunity with us for UI Developer for Pune -Kharadi location .  About ODA:  On Demand Agility is a seasoned technology & financial consulting service provider in the BFSI (Banking Financial Services & Insurance) sector with more than 700 employees across the globe. We have successfully delivered over 200 full life cycle projects for Tier-1 investment banks - we have partnered with these banks for close to 2 decades now We are headquartered in Switzerland & have operations in New York , London , Gurgaon, Pune , Singapore & Philippines. Our clients have repeatedly trusted us to help them with tasks such as App development + Business Process Assurance + Data Management with Data science + Managed services + Staff Augmentation & Managed Capacity to keep their tech teams updated to the modern day corporate & tech challenges. Company URL : http://ondemandagility.com  Please find the job description and do revert with your updated resume along with following details: Name: Current Organization: Total Exp : Relevant Exp: Current CTC : Expected CTC : Any Offer if yes (pls mentioned : ORG/location/ Amount/LWD) Time required to join (Notice Period and Minimum Joining Time) : Interested for the position (Yes/No) : Pls mention your alternative contact number : Are you open permanent role with ODA and deputation at client side (kharadi): Open for Relocation: Reason for Change : Contact details : Email: Pan no:   UI Developer Job Overview  We are looking for a candidate with 5+ years of experience in UI developer role, who has attained a Graduate degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Information Systems or another quantitative field. Experience supporting and working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment.  Qualifications for UI Developer Expert knowledge of responsive design Experience writing reusable UI components Proficiency with JavaScript, CSS3, HTML5, RESTful APIs Knowledge in front-end architecture (Redux, Flux, Reactive Programming) Mandatory Knowledge of front-end dev ops (NPM, Angular-CLI, Bower, Grunt, Webpack), Node Js Mandatory Experience with GIT or version control Knowledge of Java Spring, and REST API services Knowledge of Agile Methodology process Technical Skills Experience with Node Js, React Js (Flux or Redux), Bootstrap, HTML, CSS, Jquery, Javascript , Java Spring API, SQL. Good to have Angular JS,Backbone JS, Photoshop  Thanks & Regards Anil [HIDDEN TEXT] Thanks & Regards Anil [HIDDEN TEXT]
VP Technology;Quess Corp Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;15-20 Years;Not Specified;Dear Candidate, We are looking for rich Research and Industrial experience in Artificial Intelligence, Machine learning, Computer Vision / Image Processing, Natural Language Processing (NLP), Neural Networks etc with 15+ years of experience for Bangalore Location Regards,Madhu Bala Gopalakrishnan
Data Analyst;Ractus Services;Pune;2-6 Years;400000-800000;? MUST HAVE SKILL SET ? Intermediate to advanced SQL query techniques for writing optimized SQL scripts, stored procedures and views. ? Comprehensive understanding of data warehouse design principles. ? Experience in automating data import and extract processes using SQL tools such as Azure Data Factory and SSIS. Must have ability to perform data mapping and assess complex data sets. ? Strong experience working with Power BI and SSAS to deliver insightful analytics ? Expert in analyzing and troubleshooting data issues providing solutions and looking ahead to improve processes in place ? OTHERS ? Build effective and visually rich presentation to represent data in a meaningful way. ? Ability to conduct research over data sets to respond to inquiries by business stakeholders. ? Ability to effectively interpret the results of research, organize findings in a manner easily understood by end users, and the ability to articulate the results to end users. ? The ability to provide reliable information and communicate easily with persons at all levels, including senior management, internal business units, software developers, Quality Assurance, and other IT units. ? Designs and develops a variety of ad-hoc and standard reports. ? Designs and develops data security structures. ? Creates and maintains documentation for both IT standards and end-user assistance. ? Trains users in the use of ad-hoc reporting. ? Develops and maintains the data warehouse reporting environment ? Works with key business representatives to gather and define reporting needs. ? Designs and develops KPI dashboards for business stakeholders. ? Troubleshoots and resolves data/reporting issues. ? Use statistical methods to analyze data and generate useful business reports ? Strong experience with Power BI, Excel, SQL Server and other querying and reporting tools ? Good understanding of machine learning and data analytics ? Experience with R Studio and Python is a plus ? Experience in processing large amounts of data ? Processing confidential data and information according to guidelines. ? Managing and designing the reporting environment, including data sources, security, and metadata. ? Supporting the data warehouse in identifying and revising reporting requirements. ? Providing technical expertise on data storage structures, data mining, and data cleansing
Urgent requirement for Work Fusion Technical Analyst with US based start-up in Bangalore;Laran Technologies;Bengaluru / Bangalore;1-10 Years;Not Specified;We have an immediate requirement for Work Fusion and SAP Technical Analyst with a California based start up company located at Whitefiel, Bangalore. The client is a Solution Provider focused on providing meaningful solutions in specific business verticals using Robotic Process Automation and google technologies to process big data leveraging AI, ML, Insightful Analytics and Visualization tools.  The details of the JD is attached with this email. Job Description • Assess, prototype and develop automation initiatives, which will include but not limited to, creating desktop and robotic automations to efficiently retrieve data from and to applications used. • The scope of activities primarily include and not limited to, Detail design documentation, Unit test plans, Coding, SIT support and Application playbook • As an RPA technical analyst, you will work with our teams to do develop specific use case templates such as extracting paper/pdf invoices and extracting data from the invoice into SAP • Design the RPA solution and you will required being hands on with Technology. • Ability to create Functional Specifications for desired Automations • Experience with Machine Learning Technology is a plus • Must have a passion for Process Automation and Process Automation Technologies such as RPA Ability to do estimation of RPA projects, RPA proposals, RPA high-level solutions is important • RPA Developer with SAP Environment is an added advantage Skills • Good understanding of process engineering discipline. • Must hold certification(s) in Work Fusion as a Power User and/or AE Specialist / AE Developer with a minimum of one year of experience in using automation tools • QA Automation background is a plus • Needs to have a deep technical and functional knowledge of SAP purchasing and payable functions with a minimum one year of experience in customizing, configuring or implementing these specific functions • Should understand the technical impacts of applications using OCR Experience working with the AGILE methodology (Scrum/SAFe) • Excellent presentation and communication skills (to both technical and non-technical audiences, written and verbal) • Proven track record to work to strict commercial deadlines • Self-management and strong organization skills • Excellent troubleshooting and debugging skills Hands on knowledge of Development and Test processes including agile methodologies and Devops • Good understanding of application level security mechanisms and basic level understanding of network security • Track record of excellence, self-motivated, drive for results and owning your work • Organized, detail-oriented with high quality software, software development and testing processes • Curious and fast learner, hands-on approach • Independent, communicative - able to articulate findings and insights clearly, both verbally and in writing  If you find this opportunity interesting, please share word format of your resume and below details to take it forward, • Notice Period /Joining time - • Total Experience - • Relevant Experience - • Current CTC - • Expected CTC - • Current Location Look forward to your response
Big Data Solution Architect;Tech Mahindra Limited;Mumbai, Pune;5-10 Years;3000000;• Must have minimum 5+ years hands-on experience in one of the Big Data Technologies (I.e. Apache Hadoop, HDP, Cloudera, MapR). • 3+ years of demonstrable experience designing ML/statistical solutions/Big Data to complex business problems at scale. • Fluent with digital areas related to data & analytics: Digital Technology - Mobility, Cloud, Analytics, Big Data, etc. • Develop & code production-grade novel algorithms for our business-experimentation platform. • Experience Involves testing various machine learning and analytical tools, especially in the big data space, to scale prototypes to production-grade systems. • Provide solutions but not limited to: Customer Segmentation & Targeting, Propensity Modeling, Churn Modeling, Lifetime Value Estimation, Forecasting, Recommender Systems, Modeling Response to Incentives, Marketing Mix Optimization, Price Optimization. • Proficient in statistical/ML predictive techniques such as regression, Bayesian methods, tree-based learners, SVM etc. • Proficiency in at least one of R or Pythons (preferred) data science stack. • A good learner, a good mentor, who inspires peers and team members to learn and expand their skill set, guiding them in the right direction. • Working knowledge of MapReduce, HBase, Pig, MongoDb, Cassandra, Impala, Oozie, Mahout, Flume, Zookeeper/Sqoop and Hive. • Technical competencies in the space of Business Intelligence and Database. • Exposure to data and analytics technologies on various cloud providers like AZURE, GCP and AWS. • Should be well versed with agile methodologies, DevOps. • Thorough grasp on RDBMS and data management concepts as well as fluency in SQL scripting. • Good customer presentation and communication skills. • Should be passionate about Data & Analytics technologies and trends in the market.
Senior Data Engineer;Fanatics E-Commerce India LLP;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;10-15 Years;Not Specified;Job Description: Roles & Responsibility  •Own the technical roadmap for more than one subject area CRM, Marketing, CoreBI & Feeds platform to support the future growth of business to 5+ Billon dollars •Provide thought leadership and mentoring to the data engineering team on design & architecture to build efficient and scalable systems •Manage & build data driven apps with awesome SLA business teams & optimized cost for the engineering •Partner closely with Product, various business teams, data science, data visualization tem and Other engineering team to deliver required data pipeline with high data quality and timeliness •Work with external companies like Google, Bing, SFMC, Facebook etc to create services that can ingest and supply data to and from external sources •Tech innovation on new and upcoming stacks to keep engineering at cutting edge Requirement  •10+ years of data engineering experience with at least 2+ years of experience leading data engineering teams •Rock star in SQL, Data management & building data pipelines either on legacy or modern tech stacks •Must have experience in data modeling, data warehousing and understanding of BI / data visualization •Hands on experience on Big Data tech stack, Hadoop, Spark, Hive etc. •Troubleshooting & Optimization data pipelines and app integration including legacy and big data technologies: EMR, ES, Spark, Hive, Hadoop, etc. •Business acumen and efficient in understanding the needs of business and ability to breakdown steps in more agile and business driven deliverables •Experience & Willingness to work with teams in different timezones •Nice to have experience on AWS, Redshift •Nice to have experience on Qubole Data Services •Nice to have working experience with data science team and understanding building variables, automation of models in production etc Tryouts are open at Fanatics! Our team is passionate, talented, unified, and charged with creating the fan experience of tomorrow. The ball is in your court now
Python Lead Distinguished Founders Mission Critical;CareerXperts Consulting;Bengaluru / Bangalore;6-8 Years;Not Specified;Are you passionate about Python You are known for your views on how to build scalable Internet Products and Engineering Excellence . You have deep Interest to work on Core Platforms Then , we are looking for you!! We have a topnotch role of a Tech Lead who is passionate about writing clean code and is vivid about leading and mentoring a team of young engineers to solve hard Computer Science Problems (Distributed Systems , Machine Learning , NLP , and Computer Vision). Experience 6 years Qualification 6 years of core experience in writing clean production level Python code. Proven Ability to build large enterprise - grade systems. Strong mathematics background. Experience and / or desire to work in a fast paced start - up environmentpensation Better than the best in the industry. Responsibilities On being a Python Developer with us! At the heart of the design and integration of automated vision and serialization systems , you will thrive in an agile and multidisciplinary team. Leverage our platform and our open source projects to perform distributed information extraction , retrieval and data processing. Identify and resolve performance and scalability issues with distributed crawling at scale.Write to deepa.mcareerxperts to get connected! Job Location Bengaluru
Senior Data Engineer;Fanatics E-Commerce India LLP;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;10-15 Years;Not Specified;Job Description: Roles & Responsibility  •Own the technical roadmap for more than one subject area CRM, Marketing, CoreBI & Feeds platform to support the future growth of business to 5+ Billon dollars •Provide thought leadership and mentoring to the data engineering team on design & architecture to build efficient and scalable systems •Manage & build data driven apps with awesome SLA business teams & optimized cost for the engineering •Partner closely with Product, various business teams, data science, data visualization tem and Other engineering team to deliver required data pipeline with high data quality and timeliness •Work with external companies like Google, Bing, SFMC, Facebook etc to create services that can ingest and supply data to and from external sources •Tech innovation on new and upcoming stacks to keep engineering at cutting edge Requirement  •10+ years of data engineering experience with at least 2+ years of experience leading data engineering teams •Rock star in SQL, Data management & building data pipelines either on legacy or modern tech stacks •Must have experience in data modeling, data warehousing and understanding of BI / data visualization •Hands on experience on Big Data tech stack, Hadoop, Spark, Hive etc. •Troubleshooting & Optimization data pipelines and app integration including legacy and big data technologies: EMR, ES, Spark, Hive, Hadoop, etc. •Business acumen and efficient in understanding the needs of business and ability to breakdown steps in more agile and business driven deliverables •Experience & Willingness to work with teams in different timezones •Nice to have experience on AWS, Redshift •Nice to have experience on Qubole Data Services •Nice to have working experience with data science team and understanding building variables, automation of models in production etc Tryouts are open at Fanatics! Our team is passionate, talented, unified, and charged with creating the fan experience of tomorrow. The ball is in your court now
Hiring | Lead Platform Engineer / Architect | MNC @ Chennai;IT Business Management Solutions India Private Limited;Chennai;8-18 Years;Not Specified;• MS or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or equivalent fields with 10+ years hands-on industry work experience in Platform Engineering roles with a focus in architecture, automation, and cloud-based infrastructure with AWS, Azure, GCP. • 5+ years hands-on industry work experience designing and building large-scale data, machine learning, and analytics applications and pipelines that are well-designed, cleanly coded, well-documented, operationally stable, and timely delivered • Proficient in building highly scalable, cloud-native microservices based applications using technologies like Kubernetes, Mesos, Docker, Swarm, Serverless, API’s, Node.js, SQL and NoSQL • Passionate about designing, analyzing and solving problems for large-scale distributed systems • Demonstrated ability to develop high-quality code adhering to industry best practices (i.e., code review, unit tests, revision control) • Experience with the Big data & distributed processing technologies, for example Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, AWS Redshift, etc. • Fluency in development tools (e.g., git, IDEs, YAML) and programming languages (e.g., Python, Java, Go, Javascript). • Expert level experience with automation tooling, such as Ansible, Terraform, Puppet, Chef, Cloudformation, Jenkins, etc. • Hands-on experience with infrastructure telemetry, logging and event correlation (e.g., Splunk, Prometheus, StackDriver, ELK, etc). • Strong understanding of internet protocols HTTP, JSON, XML, web services, API development, and high-availability mechanisms • Understanding of a 12-factor application architecture and Microservices and best practices around application metrics such as latency, availability, load, etc. • Have systematic problem-solving approach, coupled with strong interpersonal skills and a sense of ownership and drive • Experience developing with AWS managed services such as EC2, ECS, EKS, S3, DynamoDB, ElastiCache, Redshift and RDS • Experience with Service Mesh, Service Discovery, Routing tools and technologies • SaaS architectural expertise - especially at complex enterprise architectures, single/multi-tenant microservices environment • An innate understanding of issues that affect the performance, scalability, availability, and maintainability of complex software systems with an emphasis on high-volume data management within enterprise and/or web-scale products and platforms that operate under strict SLAs • Working knowledge of OAuth, SAML and Identity Federation • Thorough understanding of application security, SAST, IAST, SCA, and OWASP top 10 etc.  Regards,Jeni PriyaContact - 8754433772 / [HIDDEN TEXT]
Senior Data Engineer;Fanatics E-Commerce India LLP;Nalgonda;10-15 Years;Not Specified;Job Description: Roles & Responsibility  •Own the technical roadmap for more than one subject area CRM, Marketing, CoreBI & Feeds platform to support the future growth of business to 5+ Billon dollars •Provide thought leadership and mentoring to the data engineering team on design & architecture to build efficient and scalable systems •Manage & build data driven apps with awesome SLA business teams & optimized cost for the engineering •Partner closely with Product, various business teams, data science, data visualization tem and Other engineering team to deliver required data pipeline with high data quality and timeliness •Work with external companies like Google, Bing, SFMC, Facebook etc to create services that can ingest and supply data to and from external sources •Tech innovation on new and upcoming stacks to keep engineering at cutting edge Requirement  •10+ years of data engineering experience with at least 2+ years of experience leading data engineering teams •Rock star in SQL, Data management & building data pipelines either on legacy or modern tech stacks •Must have experience in data modeling, data warehousing and understanding of BI / data visualization •Hands on experience on Big Data tech stack, Hadoop, Spark, Hive etc. •Troubleshooting & Optimization data pipelines and app integration including legacy and big data technologies: EMR, ES, Spark, Hive, Hadoop, etc. •Business acumen and efficient in understanding the needs of business and ability to breakdown steps in more agile and business driven deliverables •Experience & Willingness to work with teams in different timezones •Nice to have experience on AWS, Redshift •Nice to have experience on Qubole Data Services •Nice to have working experience with data science team and understanding building variables, automation of models in production etc Tryouts are open at Fanatics! Our team is passionate, talented, unified, and charged with creating the fan experience of tomorrow. The ball is in your court now
Microsoft BOT Framework Architect-Only Female candidates-Full time permanent;Elixa Tec;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Hyderabad / Secunderabad;10-18 Years;Not Specified;ONLY PREFERRED FEMALE CANDIDATES in Bangalore, Hyderabad, Pune and Mumbai.  Must have Skills : Microsoft BOT Framework Good to Have Skills : ASPDOTNET MVC, Microsoft DOTNET Architecture • You will work closely with the client teams to define and architect the solution for our clients This will include estimating the components required to provide a comprehensive Al solution that meets and exceeds the clients expectations delivering tangible business value to our clients • The candidate is expected to deliver cognitive applications that solve/augment business issues using leading Al technology frameworks • Direct and influence client Bot/Virtual Agent architecture Technical Experience : • 7-8 years of experience and a thorough understanding of Azure PaaS landscape • 2-3 years of experience in Microsoft Al/Bot Framework • Good to have - Knowledge experience in Azure Machine Learning, AI, Azure HDlnsight Professional Experience : • Should have excellent communication and presentation skills • Should have good amount of thought leadership in Al • Lead, collaborate and work efficiently amongst a team of developers and designers • Work autonomously and be comfortable building projects from start to finish Working Days 5 Days a week Job Nature -Full Time
Ruby on Rails;Absolute Careers;Bengaluru / Bangalore;5-9 Years;Not Specified;Ruby on Rails Exp-5-9yrs Must have:  • Full-Stack web development experience, preferred Ruby on Rails, Phoenix Framework • Create technical documentation of data model • Experience with Agile methodologies and work within the agile team and collaborate with team members • Ability to work independently and quickly, but cares about precision and details, doing whatever it takes to get the job done • Proficient in object-oriented language • Experience with functional programming Nice to have:  • Experience with logistics, workforce optimization developing data models • Experience with machine learning systems, specifically unsupervised systems • Single-page Javascript App framework development experience • Healthcare domain experience with HIPAA/HL7
Data Scientist;null;Mohali;2-5 Years;Not Specified;1. Must be able to do Data Analysis. 2. Must be able to do Data Visualization. 3. Must be able to do Data Engineering (Data Mining, Data Wrangling, ETL) 4. Sound knowledge of Probability, Statistics 5. Familiarity with Machine Learning algorithms 6. Must know Python or R 7. Deep Learning frameworks like TensorFlow, Caffe, OpenCV 8. Must be able to develop statistical models 9. Predictive Analysis, predictive modeling, and pattern recognition 10. Plus, point if (s)he has sound knowledge of Tableau/SAS
Tableau Admin;Aayam Consultants;Bengaluru / Bangalore;8-10 Years;1500000-2500000;"Position:  Tableau Admin Organisation--  InspiriSYS solution- www.inspirisys.com Location: -  Banglore {onsite} Work timing  12 noon to 10 p.m. Exp-  8+ yrs. Budget: -    Upto 27 lakhs Company Profile: -  InspiriSYS enables enterprises to re-imagine their businesses for the ever-changing digital world. Established in 1991, we are a leading information technology services and consulting company in India along with having a global footprint across North America, Middle East, UK, Japan, and Singapore markets. https://www.inspirisys.com Responsibilities and Duties: Administrate the BI applications. Provide a stable production environment that meets performance needs and make adjustments as needed. Triage production systems in a timely manner including on-call support as needed and maintain audit/ security.Working with data scientists, BI team and customer to plan and manage Lead and execute BI system implementations and upgrades, license management, security, and future/ additional product evaluations by working with data scientists, architects and business units Practice Root Cause Analysis to determine the scope and scale of issue impact.Create epics/stories and construct automation to prevent problem recurrence. Communicate status of production issues with both the business and the Data Insights and Analytics team in a timely manner. Proactively develop, coordinate, and provide on-going training, functional, and technical direction to the super-users (content developers). Define and document application best practices, required standards, processes, and guidelines regarding the use and administration of the BI tools. Standardize the development process for the content developers. Research functionality and technical configuration within the BI systems supported by the BI Applications group and prepare recommendations for system improvements whenever possible. Maintain and monitor all BI environments including development, test, production, and disaster recovery. Vendor Interaction experience Competencies & Experience Required: Bachelor’s degree in computer science, information technology, data science, data analytics, interactive media, or related field interactive media, or related field8+ years of experience in Application Administration3+ years of experience working as a Tableau Admin4+ years of experience in health check monitoring and producing user statistics and forensics2+ of years of experience in database design, development and data modeling. Experience setting up a New tableau server in a clustered environment Experience with User and application security configuration Experience Troubleshooting connectivity of tableau data sources Identify and notify on unused workbooks and dashboardsExperience Setting up standard backup and recovery of contents Experience with multiple implementation of end to end application server configurations including knowledge on Network, Security and firewallExperience setting up Single Sign on and Kerberos authentication Setting up new connectivity to new databases and installing new drivers • Proactive monitoring of the environmentExperience working on Agile projects and Agile methodology in general Troubleshoot errors through system logs Strong RDBMS and data modelling skillsAbility to design and understand data processes including loading, transformations, mapping, etc.  Addition AWS/Azure cloud experience is a big plus Knowledge about Data Virtualization technologies like Denodo is a plus Experience working as an administrator on multiple data and analytics environment is a plus Kindly revert back with Ur latest C.V. and details like- • ctc • expectation • notice period • {Need person in ASAP or max. 1 month} Regards, Rajesh Kumar Aayam consultants Cell- 9311232179 / 7011595674; Land line- 011-29258011 [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Video Analytics Data Scientists for MNC in Bangalore (Bangalore Candidates Only);null;Bengaluru / Bangalore;2-10 Years;Not Specified;Data Scientist + DevSecOps Developer A Data Scientist can understand a data set, transform it and then apply the respective machine learning algorithms to classify, recognise and help make smart decisions to deliver even better products. They will help in presenting information using data visualization techniques. They will also integrate the code into CI/CD framework to build, test, deploy it.  Responsibilities • Collaborate with product management and engineering departments to understand needs and devise possible solutions • Build algorithms and design experiments to merge, manage, interrogate and extract data to supply tailored solutions to specific use cases • Implementation of testing pipelines from GIT to deployment • Spend time in preparing or engineering data for the right consumptions • Deployment of app from Docker Hub to stage, test and prod env • Deploy algorithms in Python and C / C++, Linux Scripting, Linux admin. • Regularly update ones knowledge by reading contents online and reading relevant books on trends in data science • Regularly publish blogs, articles or talks in schools, colleges and public / private events across India and globally • Participate in the competitions and activities for personal growth and showcase the prowess in Ai based gatherings  Skills • Deep understanding of supervised and un-supervised learning, k-nearest neighbours, random forests, ensemble methods, SSDs, F-CNN and more. • Deep understanding of neural networks, reinforcement learning, adversarial learning, deep learning and deployment on hardware such as GPUs. • Strong Experience in image and video analytics algorithm design, data preparation and code development using popular libraries • Ability to explain the model and its outcome • Excellent verbal and written communication skills. • Ability to deliver Ai solutions under pressure and to SPRINT deadlines • Be proficient to write and execute complex queries in SQL, MongoDB and other JSON / NoSQL formats. • Excellent coding proficiency in Python, Linux Shell Scripting. • Implementation knowledge of H.263, H.264, H.265, FPS, RTSP, avi, mkv, mp4, HD, 2K, 4K, ONVIF, frame compression.  Interested candidates pls send their CV to [HIDDEN TEXT] along with current CTC, expected CTC and notice period
Director;Wipro Limited;Other India;15-25 Years;Not Specified;He/She will lead the data science team with the AI platform to deliver on a data curation framework.You will be responsible for building a strategy and roadmap for using data as an IP and how to leverage that to provide pre built domain specific models.Build frameworks to support model building with minimal or spare data, transfer learning, automating machine learning using deep learning toolkits.Lead a small team of data scientists to support the platform team in data curation and validation for enabling faster and more accurate model generation.You will own and drive RFPs, connect with multiple stakeholders (Sales team, Verticals) to ensure proper offering and solution and deal closure Build and engage with customers, Sales teams, account teams in defining and designing Strategy, solution road map and propose solutions.Build Y-o-Y business growth through both Strategic and tactical approaches
Big Data Engineer;Magna Infotech Limited;Gurgaon / Gurugram;8-10 Years;Not Specified;Hi , Greetings from Magna Infotech!!! Hiring for the below requirement.  Position: Data Engineer (Big Data Engineer) Exp: 8+ yrs Location: Gurgaon Mode: C2H  Job Description   5+ years Big-Data stack developer  Solid Big-Data Technologies hands on working experience  Strong hands-on experience of programming language like Python, Scala, Spark  Good command and working experience on Hadoop/MapReduce, HDFS, Hive, No-Sql Databases  Hands on working experience in analyzing source system data and data flows, working with structured and unstructured data  Hands on working experience of data processing at scale with event driven systems, message queues (Kafka/Flink/Spark Streaming)  Hands on working experience on any of the data engineering/analytics platform (Hortonworks/Cloudera/MapR/AWS), AWS preferred  Certification on Hortonworks/Cloudera or AWS would be a big plus  Experience building data pipelines for structured/unstructured, real-time/batch, events/synchronous/asynchronous using MQ, Kafka, Steam processing  Experience gathering and processing raw data at scale (including writing scripts, web scraping, calling APIs, write SQL queries, etc.)  Hands on working Experience with AWS Services like EMR, Kinesis, S3, Cloudformation, Glue, API Gateway, Lake Foundation  Hands on working Experience with AWS Athena  Data Warehouse experience with Apache Kylin, Apache Nifi, Apache Airflow, and Kylo  Strong technical, analytical, and problem-solving skills  Strong preference for someone with Amazon Web Services (AWS) services  Strengthen the Data engineering team with Big Data solutions running on AWS  Experience in data warehouse design and best practices  Strong organizational skills, with the ability to work autonomously as well as in a team based environment  Operationalization of ML models on AWS (e.g. deployment, scheduling, model monitoring etc.)  Feature Engineering/Data Processing to be used for Model development  Exposure to various ETL and Business Intelligence tools  Must be very strong in writing SQL queries Primary Skills  Eight+ years of experience in delivering technology solutions  Five+ years of experience in leading design of Big Data solutions  Five+ years of experience with Hadoop, including HDFS, Spark, Hive, Athena  Five+ years of experience with NoSQL such as MongoDB, Elastic Search  Five+ years of working experience with Unix systems  Expertise with data lakes, data warehouse, data martsExperience with Data Governance, Master Data Management Three years of experience designing and implementing Streaming and Batch solutions on Hadoop Ability to translate product objectives into an execution and delivery plan with milestones and resource needs Strong communication and presentation skills Experience with git and other source control systems Solid grounding in Agile methodologies Secondary Skills   Certification in Hadoop/Big Data – Hortonworks/Cloudera/AWS  Strong delivery background across the delivery of high-value, business-facing technical projects in major organizations  Strong client relationship management skills to identify and close suitable business development opportunities  Exceptional interpersonal skills - including presentation skills  Experience of managing client delivery teams, ideally coming from a Data Engineering / Data Science environment  Experience  8+ years of experience in Data Engineering, Big-Data solutioning, cloud computing role and a passion for problem solving through data engineering.  Qualification   Bachelors/Masters in Computer Science or related areas.  Below Details are Mandatory:  Full Name: Alternate Number (Mobile or Land Line): Current CTC: Expected CTC: Total work experience: Relevant work experience: Present Company: Official mail id of present co. (MUST) not payroll co.: Current location: Notice period (Immediate to 15 days): Reason for looking for job: Any job offer you hold: Highest Degree with Year of Passing: Any Gaps in Education: Date Of Birth: Ready to work with Magna info Tech Payroll (C2h > 1 yr) position: Willing to relocate: Variable Pay: Fixed Pay: PAN: Highest qualification:
Staff Data Visualization Engineer;Fanatics E-Commerce India LLP;Nalgonda;8-15 Years;Not Specified;Job Description: Responsibilities:  Lead and Develop Fanatics’ Data Visualization Products which are used by 1000s of internal and external customers Ability to lead and motivate others and build or manage a globally distributed team Design and build enterprise grade API systems to be consumed by multiple clients Create and define the best strategies and practices to build interactive visualizations for Finance, Marketing and machine learning and NLP systems output, product performance, and operational efficiency. Design and build interfaces for internal productivity tools to display and collect data. Make recommendations on visualization technologies, commercially available and open-source, that should be introduced to Fanatics Work with software engineers to deploy visualizations that are scalable, intuitive, and insightful.  Minimum Qualifications: B.S. or M.S. in Computer Science, Engineering, or a similar field. Highly experienced in working with AWS Cloud and AWD Cloud Security Understand how to write secure code and ensure the continuous security of Data in external environments 8+ years of relevant of API and Data Visualization Skilled in Java / Spring / Hibernate 10+ years of experience in Java and Java Frameworks A demonstrated mastery of visualization libraries such as D3.js, Chart.js, Leaflet.js, bokeh, Highcharts, React.js or similar A demonstrated mastery of visualization techniques such as timelines, Trellis Charts, heatmaps, Sankey diagrams, radar charts, and network analysis plots and their implementation using Java Script libraries. Experience with BI tools like Microstrategy , Tableau and Pentaho Deeply Experienced with performance and scalabity of browsers like google chrome and optimize Dashboards for them. Familiar with Web Caching layers and Debugging performance and other client side issues using tools like Google Debugger etc Familiar with CI, CD concepts and tools like Maven, Puppet, Chef Proficiency in SQL, Unix shell, and experience with git. Excellent communication skills in written and verbal forms, and an ability to communicate findings and insights in innovative and compelling visual formats.  Nice to Have:  Demonstrated experience with Node.js & at least one of the following: Ember.js, React.js, Angular.js or similar Javascript frameworks. Knowledge of user experience design. Familiarity with machine learning algorithms and statistics. Experience with Cloud Tryouts are open at Fanatics! Our team is passionate, talented, unified, and charged with creating the fan experience of tomorrow. The ball is in your court now
Project Manager;MS Jobskonnect.com India Private Limited;Delhi;5-10 Years;500000-1000000;"Job Description • Lead projects end-to-end. From defining requirements to assisting in development life-cycle and successful implementation. • Recommend changes and best practices to manage the projects. • Past experience in technology development will be plus. • 5+ years of experience • Agile methodologies • PMP Certification Responsibilities: • Key person to initiate the project and work through scope, timeline and cost. • Should be able to act as a consultant who can propose and vet solution. • Drive and deliver with the help of cross-functional teams. • Manage project risks, actions, issues, and dependencies. • Have hands-on experience in architecture, design, development of system. • Experience in managing various projects involving enterprise applications, data science, cloud applications, data storage and migration. • Develop, evaluate and improve internal tools and processes. Qualifications & Skills: • Bachelors degree in a related field or equivalent experience • Knowledge of project management and software delivery methodologies like agile, scrum, SAFe, and Project Management Institute (PMI) • Practical experience using various agile development tools like Trello, Rally, Atlassian Jira. • 5+ years of experience working as a project manager or scrum master on IT or application development projects • Ability to motivate project team and individual contributors and to mediate conflicts • Excellent communication and collaboration skills • Solid organizational skills; attention to detail and ability to work on multiple tasks. • Project management or scrum certifications will be plus • Willingness to travel for project-related activities Domain knowledge/expertise (Auto) is preferred though not mandatory. Looking forward for your valuable response"
AI Consultant - Artificial Intelligence;IEverware Technologies Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;4-6 Years;Not Specified;Job Title: AI Consultant – Artificial Intelligence Job Location: Hyderabad Job Type: Permanent Experience: 4-6 Yrs Compensation: Not Disclosed by recruiter Education & Eligibility: B.E, B.Tech (Any Engineering Background), CS Branch, Any Bachelor Degree, M.Tech, MBA, MCA, BCA, Post Graduates, PhD. 9+ years of experience in the IT industry and 4+ years related to this job description • Design and develop machine learning and data mining algorithms • Contribute to data mining techniques and applications using state-of-the-art methods • Hands on expertise in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Neural Networks, Human -Computer interaction, data science, applied mathematics and Computer Vision. • Development of end to end AI based product. • Discover, design, and develop analytical methods to support novel approaches of data and information processing • Develop innovative products, modules and solutions • Explore and examine data from multiple disparate sources and communicate the findings, orally and visually. • Develop and design algorithms and frameworks in terms of API to leverage this data. • Develop and integrate algorithms in Tensorflow and Caffe • Given a business problem, estimate solution feasibility and potential approaches based on available data • Ensure best practices for processing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis and learning • Quickly prototype solutions and build models to test feasibility of solution approach • Work across the spectrum of reporting and data visualization, statistical modeling and supervised learning tools and techniques and apply the right level of solution to the right problem • Research deep learning approaches: Develop and integrate deep learning algorithms for transfer learning end-end reinforcement learning for control. • Additionally, develop deep learning techniques for tracking, localization and behavioral planning Note: If you are not looking for a change at this point of time spread the word in your network who might be interested for an opportunity like this. You can send me profiles on  [HIDDEN TEXT] Kindly do send your updated resume by filling below given details: 1. Total Experience: 2. Relevant work experience in skills & role: 3. Current CTC: 4. Expected CTC: 5. Notice period: 6. Current location: 7. Preferred location: Thanks & Regards Eshwar iEverware Technologies Pvt. Ltd India: 7901441171 Mail ID: [HIDDEN TEXT] | URL: www.ieverware.com Staffing |Consulting |Development |BPO| Training | Digital Services
Flutter Mobile App Developer;AgEye Technologies;Bengaluru / Bangalore;2-4 Years;Not Specified;Description:  As a Flutter Developer on our team, you will create multi-platform apps for iOS and Android using Googles Flutter development framework. Occasionally this will require native iOS and/or Android development.Deep experience contributing to and managing high-scale production mobile apps for iOS and/or Android is required. You must have previous experience in iOS and Android development. Deep experience with Flutter is not required, but familiarity and hands on experience with it is required. Strong understanding of the Dart syntax Expert level knowledge of Object-Oriented Programming & ReactiveX Job Requirements: Minimum of 2 years full-time mobile development experience (iOS, Android, or both)Familiarity with and excitement for Flutter Experience authoring, testing, deploying, and managing high-scale production mobile apps Visual design skills and attention to detail Please Note: This position is for developers with mid-level to senior work experience. We regret that recent graduates from code academies will not be considered for this position.  About AgEye Technologies  AgEye Technologies is pioneering the use of computer machine vision, deep learning neural networks and IoT-connected devices to create the next generation of intelligent agriculture solutions. We’re a dedicated team of agriculturists and technologists that have a passion for digital horticulture, artificial intelligence and creating a sustainable food supply for the growing global population. Our mission is to develop technology that will help produce better tasting, healthier crops that generate more profit, while also giving better visibility into large scale indoor farming operations. We provide our employees with a rich, creative and collaborative environment to further their skills, interests and experience in their particular field, and possibly other fields in which they display interest. Learn more at www.AgEyeTech.com
Data Scientist - Job Code (NLP-18);UVJ Technologies Private Limited;India;2-4 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Responsibilities: Sound experience in AI, Natural language processing, Machine Learning Experience in Language Modelling, POS tagging, PCFG, Named Entity Recognition, Co-reference Resolution, Question Answering etc Good understanding of various classification techniques such as Clustering, Logistic Regression, CRFs, MEMM, Neural Networks, SVMs, Decision Trees etc Coding experience with Python and SQL / NoSQL databases, familiarity with Linux Candidates with Publications in reputed conferences or journals are preferred
Software Engineer India;Fanatics E-Commerce India LLP;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;7-14 Years;Not Specified;Job Description: We are looking for a seasoned technical leader to lead and grow our big data platform team at Fanatics. The big data platform team is responsible for building and managing common data platform components such as big data processing engines, workflow engines, data governance tools, etc. that can be used by other teams in the company. The ideal candidate will have a track record of building and leading data engineering / data platform teams, and driving improvements in data technology and performance. What Will You Do? Own the technical roadmap for evolving the data platform to support the future needs of the business Provide thought leadership and mentoring to the data engineering team on how data should be stored and processed more efficiently and quickly at scaleMaintain the big data platform and drive toward better SLA & cost optimization for the engineering and business teams Partner closely with Engineering, Data Science, and various business teams to deliver all required data assets and ensure data quality and timeliness Work with data engineers to create services that can ingest and supply data to and from external sources Define the processes needed to achieve operational excellence and platform reliability. What Are We Looking For? 7+ years of software development experience with at least 2+ years of experience leading data engineering teams Knowledge of common design patterns used in Big Data processing Proficiency in big data technologies: EMR, Beam, Spark, Flink, Hive, Hadoop, etc. Experience working with teams in different time zones Experience of building scalable infrastructure to support batch, micro-batch or stream data processing Bonus pointsYou’ve worked with Amazon Web Services.You’ve worked with Qubole Data Services (QDS)Tryouts are open at Fanatics! Our team is passionate, talented, unified
Hadoop Admin;Winx Consulting Services;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;8-15 Years;Not Specified;Qualifications/Requirements: . Looking For HAdoop Admin. • Bachelors Degree and 6 years of IT experience or in lieu of the bachelor’s degree, a High School Diploma/GED and 6 years of experience in Information Technology with data management • Minimum of 2 years of experience with Big Data tools such as Anaconda, H2O, or Hadoop. • 2 years of experience using Data Lake supporting data science work. • 1 year of experience with package-management systems • 1 year of experience with Docker/Kubernetes • 1 year of experience gathering, and translating end user requirements into end user reports
Big Data Lead;Golden Opportunities Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;8-12 Years;Not Specified;Description Big Data Lead Candidates Specification - Education Qualification - 10+2+3/4 Years of regular education Job Description - Should have done at least 2 large big data projects. Should have worked in 1 large big data project on AWS done at scale. Expert in AWS Big data solution leveraging Python , PySpark, Spark, Expert in Snowflake. Good experience in Airflow for job orchestration. Writing scalable and efficient Batch data pipelines using AWS EMR stack Real-time data pipelines: Solid development experience building solutions leveraging serverless architecture ( kinesis, lambda, and other AWS server less components) Good to have experience in building and implementing Micro services Prior experience productionizing data science / ML pipelines Hands on Big data engineer with ability to lead tech solutions , direct teams , develop and recommend architecture patterns
Senior Business Analyst;IEverware Technologies Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;5-8 Years;Not Specified;Job Title: Senior Business Analyst Job Location: Hyderabad Job Type: Permanent Experience: 5-8 Yrs Compensation: Not Disclosed by recruiter Education & Eligibility: B.E, B.Tech (Any Engineering Background), CS Branch, Any Bachelor Degree, M.Tech, MBA, MCA, BCA, Post Graduates, PhD. Business Analyst with good experience in handling teams and projects in web and mobile development. Required Qualifications: • Experience with Agile methodologies • Experience with SaaS/ cloud architecture and delivery model • Experience with Identity and Access Management Products • Experience with industry standard authentication and authorization protocols like OAuth 2. 0, OpenID Connect, SAML, LDAP etc. • Extensive experience of Business Analysis, System Analysis, Data analysis and writing system requirements • Fair Experience on X12, HL7. • Good exposure and experience in Healthcare domain • Hands-on experience of data management and good understanding of data warehouse principles • Worked on BI Suites such as Cogno/ Microstrategy/ SSRS/ Tableau etc. and should have adept knowledge of data modeling, report design and data validation • Experience in validating end to end flow of data in an application • Understanding of software networking infrastructure (Firewalls, Gateways, Load balancers, web servers, forward/ reverse proxy etc. ) • Understanding of Web services/ APIs/ Microservices • Understanding of Transport protocols like HTTP, HTTPS • Knowledge of Payer, Provider and Healthcare data products/ solutions • Proficiency with MS Project and MS Visio, UI design tools • Strong SQL skills and have written complex queries for analysis • Ability to handle Onshore/ Offshore model • Excellent communication skills including the ability to translate technical concepts into marketable benefits Preferred Qualifications: MBA Understanding of Machine Learning algorithms Exposure of healthcare business Note: If you are not looking for a change at this point of time spread the word in your network who might be interested for an opportunity like this. You can send me profiles on  [HIDDEN TEXT] Kindly do send your updated resume by filling below given details: 1. Total Experience: 2. Relevant work experience in skills & role: 3. Current CTC: 4. Expected CTC: 5. Notice period: 6. Current location: 7. Preferred location: Thanks & Regards Eshwar iEverware Technologies Pvt. Ltd India: 7901441171 Mail ID: [HIDDEN TEXT] | URL: www.ieverware.com Staffing |Consulting |Development |BPO| Training | Digital Services
Vice president of engineering;Multi Recruit;Bengaluru / Bangalore;8-12 Years;Not Specified;Mandatory Skills Set:    This is an Engineering Management Position: - Java - Big Data (+ for Data Science) - Very Strong in Jira and Confluence - Strong QA - Agile - Estimation and setting expectations - Executive Skills Good to have :  - Data Science - Product Management - Dashboarding  Job Description:  Report directly to CEO. Manage the  Business of Engineering, including: project management, scrum, coding standards, estimation, strong quality, great visibility transparency, and a core part of the Executive Team. Key Functions & Roles of the Candidate: Minimum/Maximum/ Work Experience Required: 10 years in tech 3-5 as VP of Engineering.
BI Developer @ Belapur, Navi Mumbai.;Ladder Step Human Consulting Private Limited;Navi Mumbai;5-6 Years;300000-650000;Hai, Greetings from Ladder...!!! We had an Urgent  Requirement for BI Developer Position@Belapur Location. Please find the JD below, Requirement for Team Lead-BI(Business Intelligence): BI(Business Intelligence) Developer: Job Responsibilities : The BI Developer will be responsible for modeling the SQL database, design, implement, and maintain BI views in support of productivity enhancements Serves as the design lead for report development projects by interacting with management on request for report design and report changes Work on the technical aspects of the BI project, by translating the requirements from the business users/analysts. This position works closely with the other members of the technical team Provide hands-on technical knowledge, design/architecture, development, testing, deployment and integration of the BI tool into JiBe’s ERP.  Qualifications: B.S degree in information systems, computer science, data analytics, or related field Must have 4-5 years experience on Qlikview Design, Development & Implementation (End to end) 6+ years of experience working with Microsoft SQL Server, SQL Server Analysis Services, and SQL Server Integration Services Should be excellent in working with Microsoft Power BI, Power Query, PowerPivot. Team Management Experience Demonstrated experience in logical and physical database design (SQL Server), and performance optimization. Should have excellent database design, data modeling knowledge and experience related Knowledgeable in Microsoft’s self-service Power BI technologies Strong analytical and critical thinking skills along with excellent research and problem-solving skills Demonstrated excellence in verbal and written communication at all organizational levels   Skills Preferred : Experience building Microsoft Azure SQL Databases / Data Warehouses Good experience with Power BI Embedded Ability to fulfill DBA duties such as managing database users access, database security, tuning, etc Experience in Object & data Level Security section access. Excellent organizational and troubleshooting skills with attention to details. 
Immediate requirement for Python developers @ Chennai | AI Startup | Upto 2L + stock options;TrueConnect Strategic Services Private Limited;Chennai;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Immediate requirement for Python developers @ Chennai | AI Startup | Upto 2L + stock options  A computer vision AI company working on EdgeAI / Cloud AI products and solutions. Work culture is open, friendly and lenient. We are looking for people who can work in Python and have basic knowledge of general computing. We are looking for smart individuals who can be our core team for the longer run. Our products include cutting edge AI software + hardware tech for the automotive industry, surveillance and automation.   #software developer #software engineer #software programmer #chenna ijobs  artificialintelligence,  machine learning
Data Scientist;Quess Corp Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;7-10 Years;Not Specified;Dear Candidate, We are looking for 7+ years experience for the role Data Scientist for one of our client Location: BangaloreExp: 7 - 10 years Technical Skills: • Solid knowledge of several statistical modeling and learning techniques. Hands on Coding in Python and R • Expertise in use of algorithmic / quantitative techniques to solve problems across following four areas o Structured data analysis and programming o Unstructured content mining o Natural language processing o Machine learning • Hands-on Big Data Architecture and Solution expertise needed, e.g. with Spark, Hadoop, MapReduce and other big data frameworks • Ability to work with Big Data related problems around data quality, clustering, dimensionality • Demonstrated expertise of working with technical teams for designing & validating Big Data / Analytics solutions • Provide Data Science expertise to solutions build / PoC work / digital delivery projects  Regards,Madhu Bala Gopalakrishnan
Java FullStack Developer;Samcomm Technologies Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;3-5 Years;Not Specified;JD of the position The Java Tech Lead will have the responsibility of developing the technology components for the product, delivering the components as per the architectural principles laid, adhering to the program specifications and design standards. Primary responsibility of Java Tech Lead would be to work in agile methodology for product development. Designation: Java Tech Lead Areas of Responsibilities • Implement the backend programs for the complete product or sub systems as relevant within the product in Java • Implement working prototypes, when necessary for key concepts • Prepare preliminary estimates for work schedule assigned • Is responsible for key functional and non-functional aspects in the project/program • Support project management in effort estimation by defining and estimating work-break-downs • Support defining task specifications towards a team of engineers • Review work products and ensure the quality of deliverables of self and peer team • Advise scrum master on the composition of the team required to complete the job • Guide and coach the project team in technology, domain, processes and tooling Skills • Strong in Java, J2EE, MVC, Spring, Hibernate, Web Services (Restful and SOAP), OOAD, UML, Architecture Pattern, Design Pattern, SOA • UpToDate in emerging technology concepts and excellent learning ability to pick up new technologies related to artificial intelligence, machine learning etc. • Good understanding on Cloud Computing concept and PaaS/SaaS/IaaS technologies • Exposure to Agile development and experience in user story development, estimation, sprint planning and mentor agile development teams • Ability to mentor the teams technically • Strong investigation, analytical and problem-solving skills • Identify key technical risks and develop mitigation and recovery plan • Working knowledge of AWS SDK • Deep appreciation of software engineering principles Qualifications • Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering or related discipline • 3-5 years of hands-on technology experience
Full Stack Developer;RM Job Junction;Ahmedabad;3-8 Years;Not Specified;Location: Ahmedabad Job Requirement: 1. Full stack developer with strong knowledge of Node.js and Angular.js 2. Must have good knowledge of Express, Rest API, WebSocket, OAuth and OpenID 3. Must have good knowledge of MongoDB and other NoSQL database 4. Deep understanding of 12 factor-app principles, OOP, LinkedList, Data Structures, Inheritance, Encapsulation, & Abstractions 5. Preferably having experience with building IOT based applications 6. Preferably having big data handling and data analytics experience 7. Cloud computing experience on AWS and Digital Ocean including hosting, monitoring, and deployment. 8. Can implement complex algorithms in Node.JS based on the requirements given 9. Be able to create UML diagram to define the implementation for the Epic with multiple stories 10. Be able to perform code reviews and get Code coverage of 90% plus 11. Experience in Mock testing frameworks 12. Demonstrate info-security at the coding level 13. Demonstrate knowledge of Performance impact of their code 14. Basic knowledge and experience in various Networking Protocols like HTTP, MQTT, TCP/IP and FTP Qualifications: 1. 4+ years of software development experience in a professional capacity 2. 3+ years of hands-on experience with MEAN stack programming 3. Bachelors or Masters in Information Technology from a reputed university 4. Experience in leading system engineering or product development team preferably in Internet of Things (IoT), big data analytics, Artificial Intelligence (AI) and Machine Learning (ML) applications Please share CV on jobs(at)rmjobjunction.com along with current and expected salary and notice period.
Big Data Engineer / Hadoop Engineer;Achyutas Soft Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Hyderabad / Secunderabad;4-14 Years;Not Specified;Curate very large-scale data from a multitude of sources into appropriate sets for research and development for the data science and threat analytics team Design and implement mechanisms to monitor data sources over time for changes using summarization, monitoring, and statistical methods Leverage computer science algorithms and constructs, including probabilistic data structures, to distill large data into sources of insight and enable future analytics Convert prototypes into production data engineering solutions through disciplined software engineering practices, Spark optimizations, and modern deployment pipelines Help create and maintain a strong research cloud environment, including monitoring and architecture improvements Collaborate on design, implementation, and deployment of applications with the rest of software engineering Support data scientists and threat analysts in building, debugging and deploying Spark applications that best leverage data Help create and maintain a consistent schema and workflow for data analytics that minimizes the time and tribal knowledge necessary to build new capabilities Convert user stories, mockups, and prototypes into clear, concise and testable code Build and maintain tools for automation, deployment, monitoring, and operations Refactor, update, and port legacy applications as needed Review, comment and merge Pull Requests with constructive and consistent feedback. Create test plans, test cases, and run tests with automated tools Investigate, debug, and fix issues in dev, test, and production environments Develop technical documentation as needed  3+ years of experience with Python3, and 2 years experience with Spark. Scala experience is helpful 3+ years of experience in data engineering, data science, and related data-centric fields using large-scale data environments Proficient in Object Oriented Design and S.O.L.I.D principles Strong emphasis on unit testing and code quality Proficient with AWS products (EMR S3, Lambda, VPC, EC2, API Gateway, etc) Experience with bash shell script on Linux or MacOS Experience with async, threading, parallel programming Very strong Python and PySpark experience Strong experience with cloud deployments and CI/CD
Sr Cloud Analyst;GE appliances (A Haier company);Hyderabad / Secunderabad;5-8 Years;Not Specified;Senior Cloud Analyst- SmartHome Solutions  THE CHALLENGE  Role Summary / Purpose  The successful candidate will be a highly technical member of a small team leading product innovation, new technology adoption and cloud strategy in the IoT domain. The successful candidate should have a broad and deep software engineering skill set, can both architect and independently deliver on hands-on tasks and has a passion for automation and continuous improvement. WHAT YOU WILL DO Essential Responsibilities  • New technology adoption delivering new capabilities and driving value attainment for consumers. • Responsible for strategic direction, evolution, design, documentation, implementation, validation and support critical for IoT applications/frameworks. • Providing leadership, motivation and direction to IT for all issues and planning touching SmartHome Solutions IoT application landscape. • Proactively driving SmartHome Solutions architecture and on-going evolution ensuring maintenance of current stability, reliability, performance, flexibility, and capacity. • Driving compliance with industry best practice for system implementation and technical architecture standards. • Act as an architect and designer of central applications. • Plan, scope, , architect, design, prototype, and engineer solution components. • Hands-on engineering of difficult and complex sections of the application. • DevOps - Ownership of the full lifecycle of the platform: brainstorming, development, delivery, maintenance and decommissioning. Drink your own Champaign. • Deliver solutions using (but not limited to) the following technologies: Java, Node.js, React, Puppet, PHP, AWS, Machine Learning, Bash, Linux, Jenkins, HTML, JavaScript, Git. • Produce detailed functional and technical software specification documents for scalable applications. • Help establish and drive best practices for maximum code reuse, testability, application integration, performance, reliability, manageability and security. • Design and develop re-usable components and operational strategies in the cloud to support scalability, high availability, performance, monitoring, backup, restore, etc. • Work on a high velocity team that is expected to deliver solutions in a few weeks from concept to delivery. • Ability and willingness to rapidly embrace new technologies. • Deep passion for driving change. • Take an automation first approach to streamline processes. • Assist with incident response, troubleshooting, root cause analysis, and problem resolution. • Build and maintain an automated DevOps delivery/deployment model to enable continuous release of software into cloud environments. • System availability and uptime, capacity planning, maintenance scheduling, and disaster recovery. • Perform software upgrades and installations as required in support of cloud strategy and business priorities  WHAT YOU NEED TO SUCCEED  Qualifications/Requirements  • Bachelors Degree in Computer Science/Engineering or related field or 5+ years of experience in software development in lieu of a degree. • At least 4 years of experience in management of large application landscapes and infrastructures. • Expertise in Amazon Web Services technologies. • Expertise in NoSQL DBMS. • Familiarity with Structured and Object-Oriented Software Development Methodologies including Requirements Analysis, Object Orient Analysis, Process and Data Modeling, Logical and Physical system design. • Familiarity with software and Infrastructure Change Management, Release Management, and Source Code Configuration Control including knowledge of CI/CD tools and processes. • Strong experience performance tuning applications. • Experience in Unix/Linux, Apache, Tomcat, Java. • Experience using standard tools and techniques (ssh, bash, unix scripting, sed/awk, perl, etc). • Experience with an IT automation platforms and VCS like Chef, Puppet, Jenkins, Git • Experience in issues associated with cross-platform integration. • Ability to reason through complex situations with strength in identifying and mitigating risks. • Ability to build / maintain strong relationships, effectively partner with peers, and possess excellent verbal / written communication skills. • Proven ability to effectively utilize teams from globally remote locations. • Strong prioritization skills required to manage all in-flight and pending tasks appropriately. • Demonstrated experience of automating processes at scale. • Desire to continually learn. Desired  • Experience training and maintaining Machine Learning models using various ML frameworks. • DevOps certified. • Amazon Web Services certification. • Expertise in Agile Software Development. • Expertise in application frameworks. • Expertise in application testing technologies. • Analytics experience with large amounts of real time data.? • Leadership experience with proven track record for leading global matrix teams, inspiring and empowering team members. • Change agent with the ability to interact and influence business clients at all levels.? • Strong strategic thinker who can translate strategies into solutions with concrete actions & tactical plans. • Self-starter with an ability to solve problems with little or no direction. • Familiarity with and experience implementing Open Source Software • Comfortable making local decisions when needed • Strong analytical and problem solving abilities • Process-oriented and committed to superior quality and customer service
Openings for Chat support (non-voice) FOR SWIGGY SOCIAL MEDIA PROCESS !!;Quess Corp Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;1-4 Years;100000-350000;My name is ALIA, HR at IKYA. Were excited about our upcoming drives and wed like to invite you to apply for any of our Customer Service positions and avail this opportunity to make your career in reputed company. E-commerce hiring Experienced for Domestic chat Process. * Please find the details : • We are looking ( UG/GRAD /PG ), .EXPERIENCED CANDIDATES. • 6 Days working. Any 2 dayS off in a week. • Salary - 4.5 Lacs MAX • Candidates should be fluent in English. Shift- 6 am to 3 pm & 3 pm to 12 am one way cab is providedlocation is SILKBOARD Contact : ALIA@9742022216 EMAIL: samreen.aalia@ikyaglobal.com
Full Stack Developers/Lead/Architect - Java/BigData;Cognologix Technologies Private Limited;Pune;2-12 Years;Not Specified;You will work on: We help many of our clients make sense of their large investments in data – be it building analytics solutions or machine learning applications. You will work on cutting edge cloud native technologies to crunch terabytes of data into meaningful insights. What you will do (Responsibilities): Collaborate with Data Scientists, Engineers and Product Management to transform raw data to often actionable and meaningful insights for the enterprise Work in small dynamic, product-oriented environment to deliver enterprise class products. Continuously improve software development practices work across the full stack. What you bring (Skills): Experience in building modern cloud-native microservices based applications using state of the art frameworks in Java/Kotlin, Spring Boot, Hibernate and other JVM based frameworks. Experience developing elastic, cloud based, BigData applications with modern technologies like Apache Spark, BigQuery, Airflow, Beam, Kafka and ElasticSearch. Ability to produce easily consumable RESTful APIs with strong living documentation and specification-by-example tests. Great if you know (Skills): T-shaped skills are always preferred – so if you have the passion to work across the full stack spectrum – it is more than welcome. Exposure to infrastructure-based skills like Docker, Istio, Kubernetes is a plus Ability to work out right strategies of deployment for BigData systems. Collaborate with DevOps and Test Automation teams to build favorable developer experience in both build and CI/CD. Attitude to look at an application holistically and debug any component if required whether it be based on UI technology like JavaScript, HTML or an intricate Linux System based issue. Advantage Cognologix: Higher degree of autonomy, startup culture & small teams Opportunities to become expert in emerging technologies Remote working options for the right maturity level Competitive salary & family benefits Performance based career advancement Thanks & Regards, Rupa Kadam| HR Dept. Cognologix Technologies Pvt. Ltd. Address: 41, Shivaji Housing Society, CTS No- 3123, Survey No- 103, Opp. Post Office, Senapati Bapat Road, Pune – 411016 Contact No: +91- 7620675342 | Email: [HIDDEN TEXT] | Website: www.cognologix.com
Data Engineer;TeleTech India;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;2-3 Years;Not Specified;Position Title: Data Engineer Location: Hyderabad  Duration: Permanent What you’ll be doing:  The data engineer will be responsible for all aspects of execution and delivery for new and ongoing client implementations of the analytic platform. This will require working with clients and coordinating with internal business consulting, analyst, data science, and technology teams. Primary Responsibilities:  Technical and functional analysis of customer implementation and integration requirements Documentation of implementation requirements and expected effort Configuration and setup of the analytics platform Configuration of data loaders and development and configuration of workflow processes and customizations to the platform Participate in testing Proactive identification of internal and external dependencies, highlighting issues, scope changes, and progress against project plan Communication of project status/issues to clients and internal management Partner with various internal teams Provide technical support to assist clients and partners during and post implementation.  Required Experience and Skills:  Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Information Systems or related with 2-3 years of relevant experience In-depth familiarity with Big data technology and its application. Proficiency with the Azure or AWS ecosystem Experience with Big Data ETL Understanding of complex data flows, identification of data processing bottlenecks and designing and implementing solutions. Proficiency in DOTNET, Csharp, Python, Linux bash, Power Shell. Experienced in consuming third-party REST APIs (JSON) and SDKs A broad set of technical skills and knowledge across hardware, software, systems and solutions development and across more than one technical domain. Experienced in U SQL, PostgreSQ, TSQL Experience in professional services or technical consulting with enterprise software solutions, specifically enterprise software installation, configuration, customization, and testing. Proven ability to balance and manage multiple, competing priorities. Collaborative interpersonal skills and ability to work within cross-functional teams. Self-starter who relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals in complex fast-paced environment to ensure quality of all data integration points. Excellent customer service skills. Creative problem-solving and analysis skills. Ability to handle problem situations quickly, inventively, and resourcefully. Project management skills including: Ability to prioritize and manage tasks Ability to plan, commit, and deliver to schedules Ability to identify, escalate, and manage project issues Willingness to work extended hours on an as-needed basis   Contact: Anand, Dennis ( dennis.anand at ttec.com)
Senior Developer;Glitzern Technology Private Limited;Trichy;4-6 Years;400000-600000;DOTNET Dev We are seeking a DOTNET Developer to join our energetic team in developing an exciting cloudbased service platform for the catering, hospitality and transport sectors. We work with the latest cloud-based technologies and in the near future expanding to Machine Learning and IoT. • 4-6 years of experience on DOTNET, Csharp, ASPDOTNET, MS SQL, Entity Framework development, MVC,MVC AngularJS, DevOps,GIT, Jaris • Passionate about the delivery methodologies, BDD a strong bonus • Highly passionate about technology and making technology work for society • Driven to succeed by any means possible • Have excellent English communications, both written and verbal • Be bold when it comes to seeking knowledge and understanding • Career focused, and not job focused
Sr. Analyst – Model Risk;null;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;2-10 Years;Not Specified;Essential Functions / Responsibilities: • Validate the accuracy and performance of statistical models and identify issues requiring further investigation, including those developed using machine learning techniques. • Perform in-depth analysis or large data sets and assist in the review and maintenance of relevant model and model validation documentation. • Liaise with the retail finance business teams to uncover and highlight risk associated with models. • Prepare reports for senior management and retail finance business teams and facilitate discussions on key analytics. • Perform other duties and/or special projects as assigned • Explore new emerging analytical tools and technologies and train the team members in the same. Qualifications / Requirements:  • Having 2+ years of experience in statistical modeling preferably in risk analytics model validations position • Bachelor’s or master’s degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Economics or related quantitative field is required • 2+ years of experience in statistical tools like SAS, Python, R, Advanced Excel Macros. • Strong experience in exploring new emerging tools and technologies for the benefit of business. • 1+ years of experience in risk analytics in model validations is preferred. Desired Qualifications:  • 2+ years of experience with statistical tools like SAS, Python, R, Advanced Excel Macros. • 1+ years of experience in handling large data sets for statistical analysis / modeling and handling large amounts of data and analyzing for trends. • Knowledge on the application of regulatory requirements for Model Risk (e.g. SR 11-7/OCC 2011-12) is preferred. • 1 year of experience in development or testing in Pig, Spark, Python, or similar applications is preferred. • In-depth theoretical understanding and utilizing modeling techniques supporting one (or more) of the following: Big Data • Analytics, Machine Learning, and / or Decision Models (Behavior, Credit, Fraud, etc.)
Hiring Fresher - MCA/B.Tech/M.Tech - VServ Business Solutions !! Gurgaon;VServ Business Solutions Private Limited;Gurgaon / Gurugram;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Hello , VServ Business Solutions at Gurgaon is conducting Face to Face interviews on Wednesday 28th August 2019 starting 10:00 AM . Please share our confirmation over email for your availability. We look forward to meet you at our Office in Gurgaon. VServ Business Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Building name: - Bestech Business Towers 6th Floor, 605-610, Opposite to Vatika Business Park. Sector – 48, Sohna Road, Gurgaon – 122018 Required Skills: - Experience required Fresher to 6 months of Development experience.. • UI development experience. • Proficient in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript (including latest ES6 standard) • Experience with Responsive Web Design (RWD) and testing for multi-browser/device compatibility • Training on React / Redux will be provided once offered. • Training on AWS Lamda & AWS ECS • Training on GitHub code management tools and git-based workflows • Attention to detail, self-motivation and good communication skills we are 5 Days working (Monday- Friday) . Initial Salary- 3.5 LPA Service Bond of Two Years  Company Profile: - VServ Business Solutions Pvt. Ltd. is a thriving global IT company dedicated to providing flexible software services and solutions to a diverse international clientele. We are working on offshore/Onsite model with an impressive client list majority from US/European markets. Our cutting edge IT solutions have surpassed clients’ expectations and created a growing list of satisfied customers. Consequently, our client accounts are increasing at a rate of more than 10% per month. Intersoft Data Labs and its partner company VServ Business Solutions Pvt Ltd. ( Intersoft) deliver a full range of IT outsourcing and business process solutions and services through our Global Service Delivery organization (GSD). Our ‘blended outsourcing’ model – which mixes onsite, onshore and offshore resources to effectively deliver services to our customers with a right mix of cost, quality and performance. We offer specialized services in software development across wide array of technologies, reusable solutions, business consulting, software testing and business process outsourcing. We are helping customers in their digital transformation journey to help them stay ahead in business by building next generation systems with adoption of latest technology waves including Cloud, Machine Learning, Analytics, Blockchain and latest UI/UX. Intersoft Data Labs is a US based IT solutions provider, founded in 2003. VServ Business Solutions is Intersoft‘s offshore delivery center in India with offices in Gurgaon and Mohali and is a part of the Intersoft Data Labs umbrella. Our first project involved assisting global giant, Citi Group. With this project we capitalized on our domain expertise in the banking and financial sector and currently we are working with leading entrepreneurs of various sectors including healthcare, pharmaceuticals, food & beverages, software etc. Intersoft is providing software services in multiple industry domains ranging from BFSI, Healthcare, Travel &Tourism, Education, Retail, eCommerce, Entertainment, HR Solutions. Intersoft has successfully delivered several transformational large-scale enterprise systems over the years. Intersoft has developed reusable components like Enterprise Framework, Rule Engine, Enterprise Integration Hub to accelerate software development. Intersoft has a strong base of 500+ professionals having expertise in diverse technologies, domains and futuristic mindset to adopt latest technology waves in Digital Transformation, Block Chain, Machine Learning, UI/UX, Large Data Warehouses, Custom and Packaged ERP solutions with focus on quality and compliance. We are into multiple technologies like Dotnet, Java, open systems, Oracle Apps, Oracle PL/SQL, Testing(Manual & Automation), PHP, Designing and now we have engagements with Follet, Singapore Banking Firm, LPS, Centric, MGM among other US/European clients. Intersoft is headquartered in Columbia, Maryland with satellite offices in Chicago and Denver. Our India offshore software Development Center as VServ Business Solutions Pvt. Ltd. is situated in Gurgaon & Mohali (Quark city). For more details, please check our website https://www.intsof.com
Data Scientist;Madhees Techno Consulting Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;4-8 Years;Not Specified;4-8 years Of Experience in Industry2+ yrs of experience using analytical tools/languages like Python, R, SAS, SQL must have excellent working knowledge having delivered industry solutions in Image processing using any popular Deep learning frameworks like Open CV, PyTorch, Theano, Tensor Flow, Caffe.Ability to work on large scale data (structured and unstructured) having applied fundamentals in data management, parallel computing and distributed systems. must have delivered analytics solutions using Machine Learning techniques such as Linear Regression, gradient descent, Logistic Regression, Forecasting, Cluster analysis, Decision trees, Linear Optimization, Text Mining etc.Exceptional communication skills, both verbal and written, with a strong urge to learn, iterate and innovate.must be able to work across different domains and get a quick sense of the business processes & flows.
Data Scientist;Prosum Technology Services;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;5-8 Years;Not Specified;Description Our client is looking for an experienced Data Scientist to help lead their machine learning effort. The ideal candidate has a practical background in machine learning, with experience in natural language understanding, information retrieval, knowledge extraction, or deep learning. The role is in sunny El Segundo, and you’ ll be working closely with the company’ s business units in Seattle, New Jersey, and Austin. You will be helping to lead the machine learning effort, working with product engineers and data scientists in building content recommendation, personalization, and business intelligence models to enhance our customer experience and business intelligence capabilities. Responsibilities: Selecting features, building and optimizing classifiers using machine learning techniquesData mining using state-of-the-art methodsExtending company’ s data with third party sources of information when neededProcessing, cleansing, and verifying the integrity of data used for analysis.Doing ad-hoc analysis and presenting results in a clear mannerApply machine learning, collaborative filtering, NLP, and deep learning methods to massive data setsCollaborate with cross-functional agile teams of software engineers, domain experts, and others to build new product features for multiple business units of the companyCollaborate with data scientists across a variety of businesses to prioritize and promote the company’ s machine learning efforts Skills and Qualifications: B.S., M.S. or PhD in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Information Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Electrical Engineering, Physics or related fields or equivalent experience.Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc.Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Scikit-learn, NumPy, TensorFlowStrong knowledge in POS tagger, shallow and deep parser, feature scaling, dimensionality reduction & data compression techniques, TF-IDF, SVM, Ensemble models (Bagging, Boosting), model tuning using grid-search etc.5+ years of software development experience in NLP development & or text analytics.5+ years of experience implementing machine learning systems at scale in Python (preferred), Scala, or Java.You care about agile software processes, data-driven development, reliability, and responsible experimentation.You preferably have machine learning publications or work on open source to share with us. Excellence in at least one of these is highly desirable: - Experience with data visualization tools, such as D3.js, GGplot, etc. - Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL. - Experience with NoSQL databases. - Experience with data processing and storage frameworks like Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, etc.
We have openings for Sr. Delivery Manager Position in Chennai for US MNC.;BR Raysoft Global Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Chennai;10-22 Years;Not Specified;We have openings for Sr. Delivery Manager Position in Chennai for US MNC.  Work Location                : chennai. Mode of Employment   : PERMANENT.    Experience         : 12+YRS. Notice period                  : 60DAYS. Detailed job description : Skill :  €¢ RPA((Robotics Process Automation/Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence)ANY ONE.  €¢ AspDOTNET.(good knowledge required)  €¢ Delivery management(5 yrs exp). Interview mode:  1. First round will be telephonic or skype. 2. Second round will be F2F need to attend in Chennai.(mandatory). If you are interested in this Opening, kindly Share your Updated CV, any Govt. ID Proof to [HIDDEN TEXT]  Thanks & Regards Vignesh J HR- IT Recruiter BR Raysoft Global (P) Ltd [HIDDEN TEXT] Tel : 044-22270830/31
iOS developer;Acmeture Global Consulting Services;Chennai;5-15 Years;Not Specified;Job Description:-Responsibilities:  In your position, you will: • Architect and build native iOS & mobile applications from scratch • Work on customer-facing, highly visibility products and interfaces, as well as internal projects adding value to the overall business. • Develop technical & domain expertise and apply to solving product challenges in the mobile domain • Evaluate and learn the best tools for a given problem, taking into consideration all aspects of operating in an environment devoted to continuous delivery of new features and value to the customer. • Work within an agile (Scrum & Kanban) product management environment to plan and track work in progress and contribute to the improvement of the development process. • Take ownership of the mobile development efforts. • Master your Table Tennis skills. Requirements:  • Mobile Developer with 5+ years of experience • Experience in Native iOS or Android development, preferably both • Cross-platform development experience in React Native, Angular, Cordova, or Xamarin • Proficient in either Csharp, Java, Objective-C, or Swift • Strong knowledge of Object Oriented Programming • Deep understanding of mobile development concepts, and architecture • Proficient in common mobile design patterns • Good understanding of mobile UI development • Experience in leveraging RESTful, JSON web services in native mobile apps • Experience with SQLite database, Core Data for iOS, • Experience with app deployment and standards on Apple App Store and PlayStore • Familiarity with source control systems such as Git/Bitbucket • Experience with Jira, Slack, and other collaboration tools. • Knowledge using device sensors (health, camera, audio..) to enhance user experience. • Good analytical and problem solving skills • Excellent communication and interpersonal skills • Upbeat, motivated and self-starter Bonus points for experience with …  • Prototyping tools (Balsamiq, Axure, Sketch…) • Beacons (estimote, google beacons..) • Building apps with voice interfaces (Siri, Alexa, Dialog Flow) • Technical Writing Skills (documentation, manuals..) • AWS services (SES, SNS, Lambda functions, API Gateway’s) • Tensorflow / Machine Learning • Familiar with Continuous Integration • Experience writing automated UI tests using Selenium, TestCafe, or other services. • Computer Vision frameworks (Clarifai, Google Vision API..) Education:  Minimum Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software Engineering, or related field of study. Compensation:  An attractive compensation package will be made available to outstanding candidates.
Cyber Security Consultant;IEverware Technologies Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;0-3 Years;Not Specified;Job Title: Cyber Security Consultant Job Location: Hyderabad Job Type: Fulltime Must Have Skills: Cyber Security Consultant 1. Security Architecture assessment of all applications 2. Work closely with Application and Network teams to help mitigate reported vulnerabilities/risks. 3. Security assessment of latest technologies in Machine Learning, BigData and AI based applications. 4. Cloud security evaluation of applications on AWS, Azure and OpenStack. 5. Build security controls and risk advisory for DataCenter and Cloud environments 6. Build security controls and design secure architecture for IoT products and hardware devices. • 1.Proven expertise & track record in Web/mobile application penetration testing (Web, Mobile, API/webservices) • 2. Good exposure to AWS, Azure and/or OpenStack • 3. Hands-on over WAF (ModSecurity/Akamai/Imperva) • 4. Should be able to think   out of the box  . Possess ability to think and implement new attack approaches/vectors. • 5. Knowledge of configuration review of servers, network devices and others. • 6. Security of IoT devices and implementations (MQTT, CoAP, AMQP, zigbee, zwave,etc) • 7 Strong knowledge of BigData platforms (Hadoop, Brokers, No-SQL Databases) non-traditional environment is a plus. • 8. Good knowledge and experience in implementing/designing cryptographic solutions. • 9 Should possess relevant university degree and/or professional qualifications (e.g. OSCP, CEH) • 10 Excellent written and verbal communication skills. • 11 Some experience in conducting research/analysis. • 12 Self-motivated, curious, knowledgeable pertaining to news and current events. • 13. Comfortable working in AGILE environments Kindly do send your updated resume by filling below given details: 1. Total Experience: 2. Relevant work experience in skills & role: 3. Current CTC: 4. Expected CTC: 5. Notice period: 6. Current location: 7. Preferred location: Thanks & Regards Eshwar iEverware Technologies Pvt. Ltd India: 7901441171 Mail ID: [HIDDEN TEXT] | URL: www.ieverware.com Staffing |Consulting |Development |BPO| Training | Digital Services
Senior Java Architect;IEverware Technologies Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;7-15 Years;Not Specified;Job Title: Java Architect Job Location: Hyderabad Job Type: Permanent Experience: 7-15 Yrs Compensation: Not Disclosed by recruiter Note: Apply candidates who has US-Visa is a great plus, they will have a chance to work at our client location Dallas, TX, USA. Roles & Responsibilities: • 10+ years of experience fielding software systems as a software developer and at least 3+ years of experience designing software systems as a software architect • Communicates architecture designs with internal (software and multi-disciplinary project team) and external (other stakeholders, partners, vendors, etc.) parties involved in our projects. • Defines product requirements and creates high-level architectural specifications, ensuring feasibility, functionality, and integration with existing systems/platforms. • Demonstrates expertise in a variety of the fields concepts, practices, patterns, and procedures. Insatiable curiosity to understand and improve the state of art Creative and can think on • your feet • Relies on extensive experience and judgment to plan and accomplish goals. • Experience with Business Rules engine platform such as Drools is a plus • Experience with Spark Machine Learning is a plus. Demonstrate excellent communication skills including the ability to effectively communicate with internal and external customers. • Ability to use strong industry knowledge to relate to customer needs and dissolve customer concerns and high level of focus and attention to detail. • Strong work ethic with good time management with ability to work with diverse teams and lead meetings. Technologies: • SCALA • DROOLS • AKKA • Spark MLLib • Mongo Note: If you are not looking for a change at this point of time spread the word in your network who might be interested for an opportunity like this. You can send me profiles on  [HIDDEN TEXT] Kindly do send your updated resume by filling below given details: 1. Total Experience: 2. Relevant work experience in skills & role: 3. Current CTC: 4. Expected CTC: 5. Notice period: 6. Current location: 7. Preferred location: Thanks & Regards Eshwar iEverware Technologies Pvt. Ltd India: 7901441171 Mail ID: [HIDDEN TEXT] | URL: www.ieverware.com Staffing |Consulting |Development |BPO| Training | Digital Services
Data Analyst/data Modeler;Gspann Technologies Inc;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;5-10 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Job Description We are looking for a passionate Data Analyst/Data Modeler to build, optimize and maintain conceptual and logical/Physical database models. The Candidate will turn data into information, information into insight and insight into business decisions. Responsibilities: 1. Be responsible for gathering requirements from the business team and translate to technical requirements. 2. Should be able to drive the projects and provide guidance wherever needed. 2. Work with business and application/solution teams to implement data strategies, build data flows, and develop conceptual/logical/physical data models 3. The candidate must be able to work independently and collaboratively. 4. Work with management to prioritize business and information needs Requirements: 1. Bachelors or masters degree in computer/data science technical or related experience. 2 5+ years of hands-on relational, dimensional, and/or analytic experience (using RDBMS, dimensional, NoSQL/Big data platform technologies, and ETL and data ingestion protocols). 3. Proven working experience as a data analyst/data modeler or a similar role 4. Technical expertise regarding designing the data models, database design and data analysis. 5. Prior experience involving in migration of data from legacy systems to new solutions 6. Good knowledge of metadata management, data modeling, and related tools (Erwin or ER Studio or others) required. 7. Experience gathering and analyzing system/business requirements and provide mapping documents for technical teams. 8. Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy 9. Hands on experience with SQL 10. Problem-solving attitude Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: / Functional Area: , Role Category: Programming & Design Role: Team Lead/Technical Lead Employment Type: Full Time, Permanent
Product Handling Manager from Fertilizer Industry - Brunei (Overseas);Seekout Online;Other International;15-25 Years;869999-3000000;Dear Candidate, Greetings!!! One of our EPC MNC client are looking for Product Handling Manager from Fertilizer Industry Seekout Online...... is an organized head hunters and staffing partner specialized in Oil & Gas, Power, Offshore in design engineering and construction area. To know more about us visit our website http://www.seekoutonline.com which will update you about our services and activities Industry: - Fertilizer Job Location :- Brunei (Overseas) Type of Job: - 5-year Contract Experience: - 15+ yrs Purpose / Mission Achieve safe and efficient product handling (storage, ship loading, bagging, truck loading) as per plan with minimum of unplanned shutdowns. Main Tasks § Ensure achievement of planned production of Product Handling Section in terms of quality and quantity. § Responsible for leading the Product Handling Section Production Team § Establishment and maintenance of effective communication and workflow with other departments of organization with a goal to meet the performance commitments as per contract. § Implementation of Operation Processes, Procedures & Working Documents and their further optimization, correction and improvement. § Planning and Work flow Management for Operations. § Operations Risk Analyses & Mitigation. § Execution of Operations as per tk standard processes, as customized for this particular plant and within the budget with support of back office team as required. § Implementation of & Compliance with QHSE Program within Product Handling Section. § Development, Implementation, Validation & further Improvement of Corrective & Preventive Actions (CAPA) as well as for Improvement Measures. § Responsible for the Mass & Energy Balancing. § Assist Production Manager for preparation and follow up for yearly budget. § Plan, monitor & control annual expenditure, optimize expenses without adversely affecting performance. § Managing the personnel in Product Handling Section Production Team with respect to attendance, leaves, allocation, utilization, evaluation, development, emergency management etc. as per Contract Administration guidelines. § Responsible for compliance with all applicable statutory requirements, standards, regulations and laws. Candidates meeting the above profile can rush their detailed CV immediately to [HIDDEN TEXT] or call on + 91-9321182947 / Landline:- 022-49748434 which should incorporate the following :- 1. Present Location 2. Present CTC 3. Expected CTC 4. Notice Period 5. Total Experience 6. Skype ID 7. WhatsApp no. 8. please attach Valid passport copy Contact Person :- Ms. Sheetal
PHP Developer/PHP Programmer/Senior PHP/PHP Team Leader/PHP Software Developer/PHP/PHP TL/;Pardeep Kumar ( Proprietor of ABP Empower);Mohali, Chandigarh;1-10 Years;500000-1000000;Job Description: - Professional experience in development of complex systems with demonstrated experience with PHP frameworks, preferably with Magento 2. - Experience with Codeignitor, CakePhp and laravel will be a plus - Experience in eCommerce solutions like Magento, PrestaShop and Shopify. - Sound Knowledge of different CMS tools (WordPress, Joomla, Drupal) - Computer science fundamentals (data structures, algorithms, and programming languages) - Experience in common third-party APIs (Google, Facebook, Twitter etc.) - Having experience integrating payment Gateways like Paypal, AuthorizeDOTNET, Stripe etc. - Ability to work with GitHub / Bitbucket version controlling system - Excellent communication and collaboration skills Responsibilities - Supervise team members: planning tasks, code-review, providing feedback, etc. - Improve development team processes and methodologies - Participate in pre-sale activities: estimating, etc. - Writing high-quality, tested, well-documented code
Big Data Platform Lead/Manager;Fanatics E-Commerce India LLP;Nalgonda;7-14 Years;Not Specified;Job Description: What Will You Do?   Own the technical roadmap for evolving the data platform to support the future needs of the business Provide thought leadership and mentoring to the data engineering team on how data should be stored and processed more efficiently and quickly at scale Maintain the big data platform and drive toward better SLA & cost optimization for the engineering and business teams Partner closely with Engineering, Data Science, and various business teams to deliver all required data assets and ensure data quality and timeliness Work with data engineers to create services that can ingest and supply data to and from external sources Define the processes needed to achieve operational excellence and platform reliability.  What Are We Looking For?  7+ years of software development experience with at least 2+ years of experience leading data engineering teams Knowledge of common design patterns used in Big Data processing Proficiency in big data technologies: EMR, Beam, Spark, Flink, Hive, Hadoop, etc. Experience working with teams in different timezones Experience of building scalable infrastructure to support batch, micro-batch or stream data processing  Bonus points  You’ve worked with Amazon Web Services. You’ve worked with Qubole Data Services (QDS)  Tryouts are open at Fanatics! Our team is passionate, talented, unified, and charged with creating the fan experience of tomorrow. The ball is in your court now
Opportunity for the post of Technologist Process Modelling & Diagnosis;3S Business Advisors Private Limited;Jamshedpur;3-7 Years;Not Specified;Key Objective / Overall Job Responsibility 1. Process analysis using advanced data analytic tools and machine learning for process predictability improvement 2. Visualisation and modelling of raw material & iron making processes for continues improvement 3. Creating knowledge base and expertise in above areas. 4. Implementation of industry best practices
Java/aws Solution Architect;Inspirisys Solutions Limited;Chennai;10-20 Years;Not Specified;8+ years’ experience in one or more architecture domains (e.g. business architecture, solutions architecture, application architecture) Three (3) years of experience with designing and architecting large scale applications, including SaaS and cloud based applications.  JAVA / DOTNET Technology Architecture and software development experience with and understanding of a modern technology stack. Exceptional verbal and written communication skills. Advanced knowledge and experience in one or more current programming languages (E.g. - Java, Javascript (including AngularJS), DOTNET, Python, Ruby or PHP). Experience defining the architecture of cloud deployed applications (AWS preferred) • Experience with containerized applications using Docker, Kubernetes or other similar tooling and defining and driving DevOps best practices within large teams Experience establishing legacy modernization and migration roadmaps for large scale applications and building applications using service-oriented, micro service, and/or API based architectures at an enterprise scale. Experience with event-driven applications using queues, service bus and other related patterns and working in one or multiple IT areas, but with the versatility to grow in other areas, to include: • Cloud enabled/cloud native solutions. • SecDevOps. • Advanced Analytics. • Machine Learning/Artificial Intelligence/Robotic Process Automation. • Integration/API/Microservices. • User Experience. • Agile Methodologies e.g. Scrum, Kanban, SAFe, Lean. • Excellent communication skills. • Ability to work collaboratively. • Ability to influence and negotiate.
Technical Lead Engineer;Tech Mahindra Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;6-10 Years;Not Specified;Designation: Technical Lead Engineer Total Experience: 6 – 10 years. Location: Manyata Tech Park, Nagawara, Bangalore Notice Period – Immediate Joiners   Technical skills and experience:  • An overall experience of 6 – 10 years. • Programming background in any of the languages (preferred ones: Python, Java, C++). • Hands on Experience in Tools Development. • Hands on Experience in Process Development, Implementation and Optimization of the existing processes. • Hands on Experience in Automation of the processes. • Hands on Experience in Requirements Management. • Experience in Customer facing. • Experience in Image Processing, Radar & LiDAR Data handling, Machine Learning & Deep Learning algorithms will be an added advantage. • Experience in ADAS & AD domain will be an added advantage. Job Description:  • The resource will front-end on Technical Front with the Suppliers, Counterparts and Customers. • The resource will be responsible for Quality, Validation and Acceptance of the ‘Deliverables’ from the Suppliers. • The resource will contribute on automating the ‘Deliverables Validation’ process by bringing down the manual intervention to the minimum. • The resource will be responsible for understanding, Flowing-down and Management of the Customer Requirements. • The resource will work closely with Suppliers’ technical team to address any of their issues, update them on any changes, keep track of the changes. • The resource will be responsible to collect various Technical and Management Metrics on a daily/weekly/monthly basis. Soft Skills:  • Excellent with both Written and Verbal English. • Eager to take initiatives and come-up with innovative ideas. • Ability to work on parallel activities.  Note: Request to share your profile . Request to forward this requirement to your friends network whoever seeking job in Automotive domain and immediate joiners.
Software Engineer;Fanatics E-Commerce India LLP;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;7-14 Years;Not Specified;We are looking for a seasoned technical leader to lead and grow our big data platform team at Fanatics. The big data platform team is responsible for building and managing common data platform components such as big data processing engines, workflow engines, data governance tools, etc. that can be used by other teams in the company. The ideal candidate will have a track record of building and leading data engineering/data platform teams, and driving improvements in data technology and performance. What Will You Do? Own the technical roadmap for evolving the data platform to support the future needs of the business Provide thought leadership and mentoring to the data engineering team on how data should be stored and processed more efficiently and quickly at scale Maintain the big data platform and drive toward better SLA & cost optimization for the engineering and business teams Partner closely with Engineering, Data Science, and various business teams to deliver all required data assets and ensure data quality and timeliness Work with data engineers to create services that can ingest and supply data to and from external sources Define the processes needed to achieve operational excellence and platform reliability.  What Are We Looking For?  7+ years of software development experience with at least 2+ years of experience leading data engineering teams Knowledge of common design patterns used in Big Data processing Proficiency in big data technologies: EMR, Beam, Spark, Flink, Hive, Hadoop, etc. Experience working with teams in different timezones Experience of building scalable infrastructure to support batch, micro-batch or stream data processing Bonus points You’ve worked with Amazon Web Services. You’ve worked with Qubole Data Services (QDS)  Tryouts are open at Fanatics! Our team is passionate, talented, unified, and charged with creating the fan experience of tomorrow. The ball is in your court now
Big Data Platform Lead/Manager;Fanatics E-Commerce India LLP;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;7-13 Years;Not Specified;We are looking for a seasoned technical leader to lead and grow our big data platform team at Fanatics. The big data platform team is responsible for building and managing common data platform components such as big data processing engines, workflow engines, data governance tools, etc. that can be used by other teams in the company. The ideal candidate will have a track record of building and leading data engineering/data platform teams, and driving improvements in data technology and performance.  What Will You Do?  Own the technical roadmap for evolving the data platform to support the future needs of the business Provide thought leadership and mentoring to the data engineering team on how data should be stored and processed more efficiently and quickly at scale Maintain the big data platform and drive toward better SLA & cost optimization for the engineering and business teams Partner closely with Engineering, Data Science, and various business teams to deliver all required data assets and ensure data quality and timeliness Work with data engineers to create services that can ingest and supply data to and from external sources Define the processes needed to achieve operational excellence and platform reliability.  What Are We Looking For?  7+ years of software development experience with at least 2+ years of experience leading data engineering teams Knowledge of common design patterns used in Big Data processing Proficiency in big data technologies: EMR, Beam, Spark, Flink, Hive, Hadoop, etc. Experience working with teams in different timezones Experience of building scalable infrastructure to support batch, micro-batch or stream data processing  Bonus points  You’ve worked with Amazon Web Services. You’ve worked with Qubole Data Services (QDS) Tryouts are open at Fanatics! Our team is passionate, talented, unified, and charged with creating the fan experience of tomorrow. The ball is in your court now
FullStack-Tech Lead (Job Code : J41849);Sampoorna Consultants Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;4-6 Years;Not Specified;The FullStack Lead will have the responsibility of developing the technology components for the product, delivering the components as per the architectural principles laid, adhering to the program specifications and design standards. Primary responsibility of Tech Lead would be to work in agile methodology for Product Development. Areas of Responsibilities • Implement the backend programs for the complete product or sub systems as relevant within the Product in Java • Implement working prototypes, when necessary for key concepts • Prepare preliminary estimates for work schedule assigned • Is responsible for key functional and non-functional aspects in the project/program • Support project management in effort estimation by defining and estimating work-break-downs • Support defining task specifications towards a team of engineers • Review work products and ensure the quality of deliverables of self and peer team • Advise scrum master on the composition of the team required to complete the job • Guide and coach the project team in technology, domain, processes and tooling Skills • Strong in Java, J2EE, AngularJS, MVC, Spring, Hibernate, Web Services (Restful and SOAP), OOAD, UML, Architecture Pattern, Design Pattern, SOA • UpToDate in emerging technology concepts and excellent learning ability to pick up new technologies related to artificial intelligence, machine learning etc. • Good understanding on Cloud Computing concept and PaaS/SaaS/IaaS technologies • Exposure to Agile development and experience in user story development, estimation, sprint planning and mentor agile development teams • Ability to mentor the teams technically • Strong investigation, analytical and problem-solving skills • Identify key technical risks and develop mitigation and recovery plan • Working knowledge of AWS SDK • Deep appreciation of software engineering principles
BI Data warehouse ETL Expert;Infonyx India Private Limited;Pune;1-3 Years;Not Specified;Infonyx is a technology firm, based in Melbourne, Australia. We have a portfolio of clients across multiple industries internationally with a growing footprint. Due to the rapid growth within the company, we have expanded to a full operational world class delivery centre in Sky Vista, Viman Nagar Pune, and India. We provide an environment to thrive and grow in your career by ensuring we provide opportunities to succeed and enjoy work. We are looking for a BI Data warehouse ETL Expert the role will see you working independently on delivering value using data analytics. Responsibilities • Business Analysis to gather required BI System requirements. • Excellent dimensional data modelling skills • Translate business requirements into specifications that will be used to drive data store/data warehouse/data mart design & configuration. • Use ETL tools to load data stores / data warehouse • Transition developed BI systems to the operations & Support team. • Provide support as required to ensure the viability & performance of enterprise data and BI environments to both internal & external users. • Ensure proper configuration management and change controls are implemented for your sphere of influence. • Provide technical assistance and cross training to other team members. • Design & Implement technology best practices, guidelines and repeatable processes • Must be able to perform duties with moderate to low supervision Desired skills and experience: • Solid foundation in DW and BI design, tools, processes and implementation approaches • Good skills in data modelling, data ingestion and ETL design • A passion for using data and information to make a difference • Data Warehousing, Business Intelligence or Data Analytics project experience • Experience in Microsoft SSIS/SSRS/SSAS and any BI tool. Preferable tool is Power BI but not necessary. • Hands on experience in the Azure Analytics Platform and Data Factory • Be up to date with new technologies such as Data Science, Big Data and Cloud Computing • A background in consulting and professional services preferred • Initiative and eager to try new approaches • Ability to learn and use new technologies quickly & effectively Soft Skills • Excellent Communication Skills • Team player • Ability to think out of the box and generate new ideas • Reliable and ownership of activities and tasks
Android Development/Architect (Job Code : J41853);Sampoorna Consultants Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;4-9 Years;Not Specified;Job Description: The Mobility Developer/Architect will have the overall responsibility of Developing the Architectural strategies of the Product in the CTO organisation in the frontend components and implementing the Architectural components/frameworks. The Mobility Developer/Architect must bring to the table broad experiences and knowledge across application, data, integration, and infrastructure to support key business initiatives. Being a hands-on technology expert, Mobility Developer/Architect should provide solution architecture, estimation and ensure that the architectural blueprints of the product are strictly adhered by the whole product development team. Areas of Responsibilities • Together in the CTO organisation create the Architectural blueprint of the Product and decide the frameworks and tools to be used for Development in frontend (iOS, Android & Web) • Create prototypes for proof of concept modules • Implement key/critical modules • Facilitate release planning sessions creating estimates and work schedules by clarifying the product to the scrum teams • Take ownership of implementation of key functional and non-functional aspects of the product • Ensure all solutions adhere to enterprise IT Architectural principles, standards, industry standards and regulations • Assist in recruiting the right talents into the product development teams • Guide and coach the teams in technology, domain, processes and tools Skills • Strong in design concepts including UI and app design in Android, iOS and Angular JS/HTML5 • Strong in Java, C++, Objective C with extensive knowledge of the Android SDK • Strong in iOS development and SDK • Strong hands-on ability with Eclipse, TICS, GIT, TFS, Data Modeling, Data Fusion Algorithms, HTML 5, Cloud Services, Mongo DB, MySQL, SQLite • Good in Visual design sense and creative drive • Ability to write and maintain high quality code • Ability to create a simple, clear and elegant user interface for complex mobile/web applications • HTML/CSS mastery and the strong attention to detail that accompany it • Very strong interaction design skills and comfortable creating high quality wireframes and HTML prototypes • Experience with Javascript and JQuery highly preferred • Uptodate in emerging technology trends and excellent learning ability to pick up new technologies related to artificial intelligence, machine learning etc. • Strong understanding of Cloud computing concepts and PaaS/SaaS/IaaS technologies, especially on AWS concepts • Exposure to Agile development and experience in user story development, estimation, sprint planning and mentoring agile development teams • Ability to mentor the teams technically • Strong investigation, analytical and problem solving skills • Identify key technical risks and develop mitigation and recovery plans • Working experience in architecting process • Good to have knowledge on human resource management technology domain • Strong design patterns and OO design experience • Strong understanding of Microservices architectures and infrastructures • Strong multi-threaded programming experience • Must be capable of decomposing complex problems • Must be familiar with the product creation process • Must have deep appreciation of software engineering principles • Good coaching and mentoring skills • Must be articulative and collaborative • 3+ years of experience with at least one of the relational databases such as Oracle or MySQL • 1+ years of experience with NoSQL database such as MongoDB
Senior Php Developer/Programmer;DigitalEdu IT Solutions Private Limited;Pune;1-3 Years;Not Specified;* Opportunity to contribute and enrich our PHP & MVC Framework based ERP platform specialized in management of universities, colleges & schools * Would need to collaborate &/or work with API-Development, Angular Front-end, Android Apps, RFID Readers, Finger-Scanners & other similar technologies. * We believe in creating & nurturing all-rounders. We expect the candidate to be ready for acting as full-stack developer as they gain experience. All required training will be provided as per the progress of the candidate. * Willingness to work in all phases of SDLC is necessary * Having experience of writing queries with multiple JOIN & LEFT-JOINS is a must. We will provide training on DB optimization, planning & designing. * Candidate shall be well versed with good programming practices * Experience with software revision control systems (Git preferred).
Mobile App Developer - Pune - 3 - 5 years;ValueSoft Info Services Private Limited;Pune;3-5 Years;Not Specified;Responsibilities • Support the entire application lifecycle (concept, design, test, release and support) • Produce fully functional mobile applications writing clean code • Gather specific requirements and suggest solutions • Write unit and UI tests to identify malfunctions • Troubleshoot and debug to optimize performance • Design interfaces to improve user experience • Liaise with Product development team to plan new features • Ensure new and legacy applications meet quality standards • Research and suggest new mobile products, applications and protocols • Stay up-to date with new technology trends Requirements • Proven work experience as a Mobile developer • Demonstrable portfolio of released applications on the App store or the Android market • In-depth knowledge of at least one programming language like Swift and Java • Experience with third-party libraries and APIs • Familiarity with OOP design principles • Excellent analytical skills with a good problem-solving attitude • Ability to perform in a team environment • BSc/Btech degree in Computer Science or relevant field • Other desirable requirements include: proficiency in both Windows and Linux, microservices architecture, Docker, Cloud Foundry, Git, iOS development using Objective C/Swift, data warehousing and exposure to machine learning.
Staff Data Visualization Engineer;Fanatics E-Commerce India LLP;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;8-15 Years;Not Specified;Job Description: Responsibilities:  Lead and Develop Fanatics’ Data Visualization Products which are used by 1000s of internal and external customers Ability to lead and motivate others and build or manage a globally distributed team Design and build enterprise grade API systems to be consumed by multiple clients Create and define the best strategies and practices to build interactive visualizations for Finance, Marketing and machine learning and NLP systems output, product performance, and operational efficiency. Design and build interfaces for internal productivity tools to display and collect data. Make recommendations on visualization technologies, commercially available and open-source, that should be introduced to Fanatics Work with software engineers to deploy visualizations that are scalable, intuitive, and insightful. Minimum Qualifications: B.S. or M.S. in Computer Science, Engineering, or a similar field. Highly experienced in working with AWS Cloud and AWD Cloud Security Understand how to write secure code and ensure the continuous security of Data in external environments 8+ years of relevant of API and Data Visualization Skilled in Java / Spring / Hibernate 10+ years of experience in Java and Java Frameworks A demonstrated mastery of visualization libraries such as D3.js, Chart.js, Leaflet.js, bokeh, Highcharts, React.js or similar A demonstrated mastery of visualization techniques such as timelines, Trellis Charts, heatmaps, Sankey diagrams, radar charts, and network analysis plots and their implementation using Java Script libraries. Experience with BI tools like Microstrategy , Tableau and Pentaho Deeply Experienced with performance and scalabity of browsers like google chrome and optimize Dashboards for them. Familiar with Web Caching layers and Debugging performance and other client side issues using tools like Google Debugger etc Familiar with CI, CD concepts and tools like Maven, Puppet, Chef Proficiency in SQL, Unix shell, and experience with git. Excellent communication skills in written and verbal forms, and an ability to communicate findings and insights in innovative and compelling visual formats.  Nice to Have:  Demonstrated experience with Node.js & at least one of the following: Ember.js, React.js, Angular.js or similar Javascript frameworks. Knowledge of user experience design. Familiarity with machine learning algorithms and statistics. Experience with Cloud Tryouts are open at Fanatics! Our team is passionate, talented, unified, and charged with creating the fan experience of tomorrow. The ball is in your court now
Product Marketing Manager;Informatica business solutions pvt ltd;Other India;;Not Specified;"Our Team The Informatica product technical marketing team is fun, smart, nimble, multi-talented, high-energy, cohesive and singularly focused on driving impact for sales, customer success and overall market leadership for Informatica. Technical marketing is a center of excellence for delivering reference architectures, best practice technical white papers, compelling demos, workshops, technical enablement, and more.  Your Opportunity You will be a key member of the Informatica technical marketing team to build out our technical solution assets, workshops and innovation center across five market categories where Informatica is the undisputed leader including Big Data, iPaaS, data cataloging, data governance, and more. You will take ownership of technical marketing materials and work cross-functionally with product management, R&D, pre-sales, product marketing, and partners to drive technically oriented deliverables which showcase our solutions and build credibility with technical decision makers and influencers. You will learn and contribute to all aspects of technical marketing – solution & reference architectures, technical demos & tutorials, hands-on workshops, evangelize Informatica solutions through social media & meetups, create compelling technical content based on key use-cases, deliver technical enablement to pre-sales and consultants.  You will help communicate through various channels how companies can succeed with Informatica’s solutions to achieve their business goals.   Our Ideal Candidate You are an extremely motivated individual who can work with minimal supervision in the rapidly growing Cloud Enterprise Data Management market. You have a passion for making complex underlying technologies appear simple and can show how they deliver compelling results to business.  You are adept at seeing the big picture and how to bring various components together into complete solution architectures and use-cases that highlight key product differentiators.  Your technical prowess and collaborative style enable you to leverage various experts and resources to get things done.  You have practical business sense and are excited about the impact data and information technology has on business and our lives.  Your Responsibilities Reporting to Director of Technical Marketing Manager your responsibilities will include:Develop technical collateral through deep engagement with customers, sales, product marketing, product management, and engineeringDesign and develop technical sales and marketing collateral including demos, POC guides, blogs, technical white papers, reference architectures, and field training coursesDesign and develop content for hands-on solution workshopsDeliver technical enablement to sales consulting/engineeringDrive technical evangelism by participating in meetups, user groups, and writing blogsSupport technical customer meetings and training Ensure that technical feedback from partners and customers is brought back to the respective Product Managers and engineers Your QualificationsHands-on experience with data management technologies designing, installing, administering, and maintaining data management environmentsStrong architecture, design, and implementation skillsStrong written and verbal communications skillsExperience building demos, workshops, benchmarks and other technical sales / marketing collateralAbility to build strong working relationships across all levels of the organizationAbility to work in a collaborative and often uncertain start-up environmentBachelor or Master’s degree in Information Systems, Computer Science, Data Science, Applied Mathematics, or related technical discipline; or equivalent experience"
Front End Developer / UI Developer;Shakapuramu Technologies Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;2-4 Years;Not Specified;HTML5, CSS3, SASS, BEM, BootStrap JavaScript frameworks such as JQuery, AngularJS, ReactJS and NodeJS • Should be having an exposure on ICONIC Framework, WPF/ Windows Forms. • Should have an understanding on Big data analytics , machine learning, R – programming, ERP, MES systems. • Should be a Team player with good interpersonal skills.
Senior Software Engineer AIML;Essen Consulting;Mumbai;3-5 Years;Not Specified;Skills Required: • Solid Core Java Skills • Experience on advanced J2EE • Object Oriented Java development experience • Working knowledge of Machine learning libraries • Working Knowledge of transaction based systems and RDBMS • An understanding of AGILE methodologies and the use of test-driven programming is highly desirable • Great problem solving and analytical skills, good algorithmic background, and can find creative solutions to challenging technical problems • Experienced in delivering large scale SaaS based applications will be good to have • Product Development experience will be good to have • Ability to deliver on time working in a fast-paced agile environment • AJAX/HTML/CSS experience is a plus Qualifications: • Strong written and verbal communication skills • Very strong problem solving and decision-making skills • Excellent time management and organizational skills • Ability to work efficiently and independently • Ability to work under pressure and time constraints • Ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously • Initiative and sense of ownership
Junior KDB developer;Luxoft India Llp;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Chennai;1-2 Years;Not Specified;Responsibilities: • Software programming using Q/KDB backend and UI development using Delta Stream Dash board builder. • Perform data analysis and apply ML/AI based libraries for innovative solutions to the requirements / problems in Market Abuse Surveillance • This role will work closely with business analysts and trade surveillance users • Provide effort estimates of based on requirements to project managers • Adhere to best practices, coding standards • Keep the specification documentation updated and version controlled in Share point Mandatory Skills: We are looking for freshers with basics around: 1. 1-2 years expertise with any of the following c++/java/python 2. 0-1 year deep expertise with sql in either of oracle/mysql/sqlserver 3. 0-1 year deep familiarity with scripting in linux 4. background in analysis of large datasets preferably financial datasets 5. ability and eagerness to independently learn 6. exposure to machine learning is a plus Others: • Education - Degree or above in Information Technology, Computer Science or equivalent • Excellent verbal and written communications skills • Good knowledge of release process and control procedures. • Strong experience in dealing with geographically diverse teams globally Nice-to-Have Skills: • Prior experience in using ML/AI libraries in solving real world problems is a definite plus • Surveillance domain knowledge, regulations (MAR, MIFID, CAT, Dodd Frank) and related Systems knowledge is certainly a plus
Sr.Software Engineer - Python, nosql, php;MS Jobskonnect.com India Private Limited;Mumbai;5-10 Years;600000-1500000;Responsibilities: • Key person in providing solution and development of products around Big Data. • Perform hands-on architecture, design, development of system on data science, python, noSQL, PaaS, AWS etc. • Experience in designing and managing data storage, data movement, data integration using AWS (preferred) /Google cloud / Azure • Function as senior member of Agile team to drive and deliver product. • Develop, evaluate and improve internal tools and processes.
Android OS Development/ System Linux;Sign On Solutions Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;3-10 Years;Not Specified;Responsibilities: 1.Define the KPIs (Key performance indicators) related to our product philosophy and push the bar of beating KPIs 2.Identify and fix issues related to performance/power from currently on-going projects. 3.Work closely with our quality testing teams and development teams to understand the key issues and develop novel solutions to fix them. 4.Be on top of the latest Kernel & Android community developments. 5.Take inputs from external reviewers and user feedback related to  OS performance and address them. 6.Demonstrate highest standards of code development and code review practices. Participate to improve coding standards within company. Requirements: 1.3-10 years of experience with Linux kernel development or Custom Android OS development. 2.In detailed familiarity with Linux kernel architecture, Android OS, app life cycle and typical performance bottlenecks. 3.Analytical and reasoning skills to crack trade offs, like performance gains vs power/stability. Good to have skill set (at least one of them): 1.Prior research or development experience in any of the following fields: Linux memory management, Schedulers, RTOS, File systems. 2.Prior experience with Linux kernel upstreaming (RFC or merged commits). 3.Filed patents (granted or filed in patent office). 4.Basics of machine learning: Linear regression, Logistic regression, predictive analysis. 5.Scripting for automation, quick prototyping of features and log analysis 1.
Java Enterprise Developer;Aayam Consultants;Chennai;3-5 Years;900000-1200000;Position  : Java Enterprise Developer Location  : Chennai { DLT IT Porur} Experience : 3-5 yrs. Budget  : 12 LPA Budget Company  : InspiriSYS Solutions Limited  https://www.inspirisys.com/  R&D Project Title: Cognitive SOC The R&D Center of InspiriSYS Solutions Limited, Chennai is developing an AI + Big Data based cyber security product for enterprise threat detection and response. Among other things, the system will handle anomaly detection on millions of security events per day. Along with the Chief Technology Officer, this Team will help the R&D Center to develop products, solutions and increase the organization’s technical visibilityInspiriSYS enables enterprises to re-imagine their businesses for the ever-changing digital world. Established in 1991, we are a leading information technology services and consulting company in India along with having a global footprint across North America, Middle East, UK, Japan, and Singapore markets. https://www.inspirisys.com/  Skill:    Java Enterprise Spring Spring Boot Big data Technologies Candidate    Should have worked in Java Enterprise , Big Data , Spring , Spring Boot ,  AI etc. Should be from Chennai only {ready to appear for F2F interview} Must have 75% Percentile In AcademicsMax 30 Days’ Notice Period Kindly share Ur c.v. With details like:- 1. ctc- fixed+ variable 2. expectation 3. Notice period Regards, Rajesh Kumar AAYAM CONSULTANTS Cell: - 9311232179/ 7011595674 Land line: - 011-29258011 EMail id: - [HIDDEN TEXT]
Presales Solution Architect;Tech Mahindra Limited;Kolkata;15-25 Years;Not Specified;Presales Solution Architect - Roles and Responsibilities Location: Mumbai Solution Architect is responsible for understanding the functional requirements provided in the proposal and building the end-to-end technical solution. The skill expectations from a Solution Architect are:  Foundational Skills  • Good social and communication skills and the ability to work well with domain and technical teams • Prior experience in working with customers on EA and/or Solution Architecture assignments • Technical experience working in projects in the role of a technical architect/senior developer • Hands-on experience in high-level and low-level solution design • Past experience in using UML and BPMN modelling tools/Archi Models • Understanding of EA Frameworks such as TOGAF • Strong foundation in system integration patterns and middleware technologies such as BPM and SOA • Good understanding of emerging technologies – Cloud, Mobility, Social, Big Data and Analytics Requirements Analysis  • Ensure that a functional SME is identified upfront to work with the solution architect • Work with functional SMEs to understand RFP requirements and take lead in technical solution response • Work with domain experts in elaborating/refining functional requirements to the extent that is essential for building the overall solution • Articulate implicit requirements which are sometimes not mentioned specifically in the RFP but are still required from the solution and estimation perspective • Articulate questions for clarification from customer and review the questions from other technical teams • List down the non-functional requirements(like High Availability, RTO/RPO, BCP, DC, DR sizing) and incorporate them in the design, Hardware(Infra) specification, estimates and timelines. If these requirements are not listed in the RFP then these should be included in the RFP questions to the customer or in our assumptions • Should be able to arrive at a decision for the solution to be deployed on Premise or On cloud(should be at least knowing the nuances of Amazon Web Services/IBM cloud Services/Azxure/Google Cloud(any one of them) • Ensure that customer response is included in the overall scope of the proposal Solution Approach  • Prepare the outline (ToC) for the solution approach section • Assess the need for involving specific competency units and guide the competency teams on the overall solution. This ability would be based on the core skill areas of the solution architect (Java, Microsoft, ERP, BI, IMS). Additional support from other solution architects or competency teams may be required based on the type of RFP • Define the Solution Considerations and Solution Highlights • Articulate solution design using a standard architecture framework and define models for representing each architecture domain (Business/Application/Data/Infra) • Define the architecture principles and solution considerations for addressing non-functional requirements • Ability to think and discuss alternate solutions with the help from competency teams • Review and stitching of the overall technical solution with solution inputs from multiple competency teams. Overall solution integration will be the responsibility of the solution integrator • Responsible for the selection of the appropriate solution option • Review RLS end to end Functional Design  • Guide the Functional SMEs (domain experts) in defining the Functional Design models for representing the Business Architecture • Ensure that the functional requirements are captured properly and include the key sections (Scope, Out of Scope, Assumptions, Dependencies, Key Usage Scenarios/Use Cases, System Context View, Functional Views, Process Flows) Technical Design  • Work with technical teams from competencies in proposing technologies to define the overall technical architecture • Build Contextual Architecture, Logical Architecture, Solution Architecture, Technology Architecture • Ability to question the technology recommendations from competency teams and help the team in defending the overall solution with the solution integrator and customer • Ability to lead technical teams and provide direction with an attitude to build a seamless and comprehensive solution • Ability to perform product and technology fitment analysis and provide recommendations • Define design considerations for addressing non-functional requirements: primarily Scalability, Availability, Security and Performance • Define the inputs for capacity planning for Infra for all the environments and help define the deployment architecture working with IMS teams and external vendors • Define the deployment architecture with inputs from competency teams along with IMS • Define the Tools and Solution Accelerators • Define the key differentiators of the solution • Should have sound knowledge in upcoming technologies like Architectural Patterns, DWH Patterns, Data Mining Patterns, UXM Patterns like Angular JS, Decoupled Architecture, Machine Learning to some extent, AI to some extent, Deep and Insight Learning to some extent, Robotic Process Automation to some extent Estimation Guidance  • Provide standard estimation methodologies and templates to technical teams • Participate in overall solution estimation reviews  Development Guidance  • Guide solution integrators in preparing the bill of material of the technology stack for environment Planning of dev, test, staging and production environments • Identify the hardware and software needs for development and figure out who will be providing the license. if TechM has to provide the license then insure that the cost is captured with the help of TIM team and it is factored in the overall cost • Help solution integrator in defining the development methodology – Waterfall, Agile • Identify the internal and external dependencies and help solution integrator in defining the project plan accordingly Help solution integrator in preparing project plan by sharing the task/module priorities • Help solution integrator in defining the tools for development, testing and deployment  Solution Defence  • Lead / Participate in due diligence exercise • Solution defence support with the customer • As needed, update the solution definition, deliverables and methodologies post defence and handover to delivery Handover to Delivery  • Handhold delivery team during the initial period in understanding the solution requirements and solution design • Assist delivery teams in architecture assurance
Openings in Top 3 IT services Company_Data Engineer;Taggd;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Noida;8-12 Years;Not Specified;As a Data Engineer, your responsibilities include – • Create and implement data pipeline processes in Python / SQL / noSQL to solve business problems • Design custom datastores and write scripts and queries to support data science throughput • Find and fix performance bottlenecks and optimize for scalable data processing • Write reusable code to meet requirements of a diverse set of applications and tools • Write documentation for end users and development team Minimum Qualifications • Bachelors or Master’s degree Minimum Job Requirement • Strong experience in data science and analysis (Python preferred) • Expertise in full data stack: ETL, data exploration, storage, visualization, data pipelines • Expert knowledge of SQL, esp. PostgreSQL, database design, multiple SQL platforms • Expert knowledge of noSQL data stores such as Redis, S3, Elastic Search • Experience with Version Control (e.g. git) 5+ years’ experience in all data methods above
Software Engineer;Fanatics E-Commerce India LLP;Nalgonda;7-14 Years;Not Specified;We are looking for a seasoned technical leader to lead and grow our big data platform team at Fanatics. The big data platform team is responsible for building and managing common data platform components such as big data processing engines, workflow engines, data governance tools, etc. that can be used by other teams in the company. The ideal candidate will have a track record of building and leading data engineering/data platform teams, and driving improvements in data technology and performance. What Will You Do? Own the technical roadmap for evolving the data platform to support the future needs of the business Provide thought leadership and mentoring to the data engineering team on how data should be stored and processed more efficiently and quickly at scale Maintain the big data platform and drive toward better SLA & cost optimization for the engineering and business teams Partner closely with Engineering, Data Science, and various business teams to deliver all required data assets and ensure data quality and timeliness Work with data engineers to create services that can ingest and supply data to and from external sources Define the processes needed to achieve operational excellence and platform reliability.  What Are We Looking For?  7+ years of software development experience with at least 2+ years of experience leading data engineering teams Knowledge of common design patterns used in Big Data processing Proficiency in big data technologies: EMR, Beam, Spark, Flink, Hive, Hadoop, etc. Experience working with teams in different timezones Experience of building scalable infrastructure to support batch, micro-batch or stream data processing Bonus points You’ve worked with Amazon Web Services. You’ve worked with Qubole Data Services (QDS)  Tryouts are open at Fanatics! Our team is passionate, talented, unified, and charged with creating the fan experience of tomorrow. The ball is in your court now
Cloud Data Management – Data Engineer;V 2 Soft Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;7-9 Years;Not Specified;Job Title :  Cloud Data Management – Data Engineer Job Description:  • Minimum 5+ years of work experience in the fields of information science, data management and/or computer science with at least 5 years of experience managing. • Experience in data architecture, data integration/ETL, data warehousing, and business intelligence applications deployed in a complex environment. • Experience with Azure Devops and cloud computing technologies like Azure or AWS is better • Experience developing complex data applications using PySpark • Experience with Azure, Azure Data Lake, Azure functions, Azure DevOps, Data bricks, NoSQL is a big plus. • Demonstrated knowledge of data modelling, database design and database administration. • Experience working with a virtual team of multi-cultural data and information management professionals. • Understanding of the fundamentals of software development lifecycle processes and procedures. • Expertise with tool such as SQL Server Management Studio, Power BI and Tableau. • Experience with data analysis, data extraction, data quality and enrichment. Location:  BANGALORE Experience:  7-9 yrs
Data Engineer, Abu Dhabi;Luxoft India Llp;Abu Dhabi;;Not Specified;Project Description Big Data and Data Science is revolutionising large parts of the financial services industry.. Excelians Digital Consulting team is investing in these technologies, and is actively building up a Big Data Practice across a number of regions. We are therefore looking to hire a Data Engineer into our Abu Dhabi and Dubai practices. You will work with Data Scientists in engineering the appropriate data environments for our projects. In particular, you will be developing the means to collect and ingest data, developing data models and data architectures, creating automated data pipelines, and taking the lead in making these Production-ready. You will assist with integrating with existing applications, and will be working with leading organizations and teams in the region.. We are interested in hearing from individuals with a background in data - both SQL and non-SQL, and ideally some scripting background. An interest in, or exposure to AI & ML would also be helpful. Responsibilities You will work alongside a strong, global team of individuals with diverse backgrounds and skills in a variety of areas to: - Analyse data sources, and acquire data - Create data pipelines, and integrate to final data destinations - Create appropriate data models, architectures and pipelines - Move the models and pipelines into Production You will assist the practice in: - Developing templates and accelerators, across a variety of libraries and platforms. - Participating in pre-sales work and client work as necessary You will collaborate with business and technology partners to grow and develop the data science practice Skills Must Your Skills Required: - Strong data-related development skills, preferably in mainstream versions of SQL and NoSQL. Experience of scripting languages, especially Python - Exposure to the full Software Development Life Cycle, and experience of working in a modern development team - Good analytical skills - Strong communication skills, both verbal and written. The successful candidates will be expected to communicate effectively with both business and technical teams - At least some experience with big data Your Experience Required: - Degree in Computer Science, or equivalent experience - At least two years of software development experience Nice to have Your skills Desired: - Exposure to analytics, and/or Machine-learning-as-a-service. - Experience in working with / supplying data to visualization tools such as Qlik, Tableau, PowerBI or similar. - Good understanding of data integration patterns Your experience Desired: - Experience with / exposure to software development for analytic applications - Experience in big data - Experience in projects involving cross-functional teams Languages English: Advanced/Fluent
Senior Marketing Executive;Poonam IT Consulting Services Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;2-7 Years;Not Specified;The role and responsibilities will include : - Data collection (CTR, Conversion trends) - Data analysis (Marketing analytics, Funnel analysis, CRO) - Campaign execution - Reporting (Dashboards) (Key Words- - Data Science/Data Analytics/Business Analytics/Marketing Analytics/User Journey Funnel Optimization/Marketing Funnel Optimization/Marketing expert/Marketing Conversion Optimization) Notie - Immediate/7days only Must have: - MS Excel - Prior marketing campaign execution/management experience - creative written language
Openings for Chat support (non-voice) FOR SWIGGY SOCIAL MEDIA PROCESS !!;Quess Corp Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;1-4 Years;100000-350000;My name is praveen reddy , HR at IKYA. Were excited about our upcoming drives and wed like to invite you to apply for any of our Customer Service positions and avail this opportunity to make your career in reputed company. E-commerce hiring Experienced for Domestic chat Process. * Please find the details : • We are looking ( UG/GRAD /PG ), .EXPERIENCED CANDIDATES. • 6 Days working. Any 2 dayS off in a week. • Salary - 4.5 Lacs MAX • Candidates should be fluent in English. Shift- 6 am to 3 pm & 3 pm to 12 am one way cab is providedlocation is SILKBOARD Contact : praveen reddy@7892830896 EMAIL: [HIDDEN TEXT]
Sr.Embedded Product Designer;Epsilon Electronics;Ahmedabad;1-5 Years;Not Specified;Design and Development of Embedded system with technical specifications. Hardware architecture and firmware flow design & development.IoT and Machine learning technology integration on the embedded platform AWS, IBM, Azure, google IOT Cloud platform integration  on hardware Integrating proven wireless tested hardware solution with advanced sensor technology.Device Driver Development on Linux and RTOS system Hardware troubleshooting with respect to the firmware.Managing complete documentation and version control of the tested system.
Staff Data Visualization Engineer;Fanatics E-Commerce India LLP;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;10-15 Years;Not Specified;Job Description: Responsibilities:  Lead and Develop Fanatics’ Data Visualization Products which are used by 1000s of internal and external customers Ability to lead and motivate others and build or manage a globally distributed team Design and build enterprise grade API systems to be consumed by multiple clients Create and define the best strategies and practices to build interactive visualizations for Finance, Marketing and machine learning and NLP systems output, product performance, and operational efficiency. Design and build interfaces for internal productivity tools to display and collect data. Make recommendations on visualization technologies, commercially available and open-source, that should be introduced to Fanatics Work with software engineers to deploy visualizations that are scalable, intuitive, and insightful.  Minimum Qualifications: B.S. or M.S. in Computer Science, Engineering, or a similar field. Highly experienced in working with AWS Cloud and AWD Cloud Security Understand how to write secure code and ensure the continuous security of Data in external environments 8+ years of relevant of API and Data Visualization Skilled in Java / Spring / Hibernate 10+ years of experience in Java and Java Frameworks A demonstrated mastery of visualization libraries such as D3.js, Chart.js, Leaflet.js, bokeh, Highcharts, React.js or similar A demonstrated mastery of visualization techniques such as timelines, Trellis Charts, heatmaps, Sankey diagrams, radar charts, and network analysis plots and their implementation using Java Script libraries. Experience with BI tools like Microstrategy , Tableau and Pentaho Deeply Experienced with performance and scalabity of browsers like google chrome and optimize Dashboards for them. Familiar with Web Caching layers and Debugging performance and other client side issues using tools like Google Debugger etc Familiar with CI, CD concepts and tools like Maven, Puppet, Chef Proficiency in SQL, Unix shell, and experience with git. Excellent communication skills in written and verbal forms, and an ability to communicate findings and insights in innovative and compelling visual formats.  Nice to Have:  Demonstrated experience with Node.js & at least one of the following: Ember.js, React.js, Angular.js or similar Javascript frameworks. Knowledge of user experience design. Familiarity with machine learning algorithms and statistics. Experience with Cloud Tryouts are open at Fanatics! Our team is passionate, talented, unified, and charged with creating the fan experience of tomorrow. The ball is in your court now
Product Marketing Manager;Informatica business solutions pvt ltd;Other India;;Not Specified;"Product Marketing Manager - Informatica iPaaS CIH & B2B Services Our Team Informatica’s industry leading product marketing team has played a critical role in driving the marketing strategy behind the company’s undisputed leadership across five market categories. In addition to being a highly cohesive team, it is a group of fun, smart, nimble, multi-talented, and high-energy individuals, focused on driving impact for sales, customer success and overall market leadership for Informatica. Each member of our team owns a strategic part of the business, and has specific areas of responsibility in multiple areas such as market strategy, competitive positioning, solutions messaging, market analysis, sales training, and storytelling. Many members of our team are seen as leading subject matter experts in the industry. Your Opportunity Are you a self-motivated marketer, passionate about creating and driving market growth for innovative products and solutions that disrupt industries by accelerating the data-driven digital transformation of our customers? Then, this is the role that you should consider. You will be a key member of the team and will be responsible for product marketing for our industry-leading Informatica iPaaS, specifically for its Cloud Integration Hub (CIH) and B2B solution. You will take complete ownership for product marketing around these services, and work cross-functionally with product management, sales, alliance teams, and other groups within marketing, to drive key deliverables to support sales enablement, demand generation, and thought leadership. You will contribute to all aspects of product marketing – defining market strategies; creating sleek, provocative, and brilliant messaging and positioning; authoring compelling digital content; evangelizing CIH and B2B services through social media, analysts, and press; enabling sales and partner alliances; and showcasing customer success stories.  You will help communicate through various channels how businesses can succeed with Informatica’s CIH and B2B services.  Informatica is the leader in enterprise cloud data management and we’re taking the company to the next level from a $1B to $3B company.  How often do you have the opportunity to work for an innovative billion-dollar start-up having the stability of a mature company with thousands of customers already in production that you can cross-sell and up-sell to along with an extensive partner eco-system to drive new business? Our Ideal Candidate Integration is critical to today’s digital transformation. Most companies fail because their business divisions operate in isolated islands and they have no integration with their partner systems. The enterprise iPaaS is the modern, cloud-based tool that organizations are betting on for all their integration needs. Informatica has been the leader in the enterprise iPaaS market 6th year in a row. No wonder businesses trust Informatica to lead them through their digital transformations. That’s where you come into the picture as a high energy and passionate change agent increasing our brand perception, pipeline, and customer success for Informatica’s CIH and B2B services. You have a lot of energy matched with superb communication skills. You excel in a fast-paced environment and exceed goals. When something isn’t working, you shift gears quickly, and come up with a new approach and renewed energy to tackle any challenge. You have demonstrated strong leadership and project management experience including the ability to independently prioritize and track complex, competing schedules; proactively anticipate and complete tasks; and self-initiate programs.  You will also:Be well versed or familiar with technologies associated as relates to Cloud, iPaaS, application integration, data integration, EDI, and AI and machine learningMessage and market to integration specialists, ad-hoc integrators, and citizen integratorsDrive new business through the partner eco-systemBe persuasive with written and verbal communication skills Have great interpersonal skills and intrinsic enthusiasm that allow you to build strong relationships with co-workers and with customers and partnersThink out-of-the-box and bring a creative flair to product positioning and marketing campaigns Your Responsibilities Reporting to the Director of Product Marketing for Informatica iPaaS, you will be based in Bangalore, India and will:Collaborate with product management, sales, field marketing, partner alliances and other functions to develop and execute the marketing strategy for Informatica’s CIH and B2B services and serve as the voice of the market for product strategy developmentBe a strategic team leader and mentorBe the company Go-To-Market expert and leader for Informatica’s CIH & B2B services.Develop product positioning and messaging that effectively differentiates Informatica’s CIH & B2B.Work with customers to develop compelling assets that tell the story of their success Own and deliver a complete bill of materials of content including presentations, briefs, FAQs, demos, guides and related collateral that enable the sales process from lead generation to deal closeServe as a subject matter expert to enable the sales team to effectively articulate the value of CIH & B2B to prospects as well as actively participate in deals and customer meetings Develop thought leadership content to accelerate customer and industry awareness, and adoption, such as case studies, white papers, blog posts etc.Work with Corporate Marketing and Field Marketing globally to develop campaign strategy to rapidly drive awareness and build pipeline Evangelize our products and best practices via marketing events, webinars, social media and other channels Serve as spokesperson with press, analysts and at industry events Develop and drive the complete launch plan for new products Your Qualifications5 or more years of product marketing experience with a track record of delivering compelling, breakthrough content in an enterprise software environment Ability to develop a deep understanding of the CIH & B2B market and solutions, customer pain points, competition and trends Experience with content development for complex products sold to IT or other technical buyers is strongly desired Exceptional written and verbal skills with meticulous attention to detail Outstanding communication skills, especially the ability to convert complex ideas into simple messagesProven ability to participate in and influence cross-functional teamsAbility to work with peer and senior technical customer users/buyers to solicit and synthe customer and market feedback for actionable recommendations on positioning, messaging and product featuresAbility to create go-to-market plans and adjust based on data analysis, market feedback and corporate strategy evolution Demonstrated ability to develop compelling and creative content that stands out Bachelor’s degree or equivalent; MBA a plus"
Python Full Stack Developer - Bangalore - Contract to Hire;Eminence Tech System Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;5-8 Years;Not Specified;5 Years of relevant IT industry experience with graduation in Computer Science or similar technical field of study or equivalent practical experience. Full stack Python Developer - exposure to web frameworks like Django , Flask and Falcon . Experience building APIs for a rapidly iterating product and restful API’s and development of services layer using Python’s Flask framework and should be proficient in writing unit test cases using Pytest package and executing. Must have knowledge on OOPS Concepts Database level programming using both SQL (MySQL, PostgreSQL, Oracle) and No SQL (Mongo DB/Casandra) and designing the database level stored procedures and persistence logic . HTML/CSS/JavaScript and JavaScript framework and knowledge on React JS and Angular is a plus . Experience usingGITversion control and testing deployments usingHeroku. Experience administering innovation with methodologies such as design thinking. Experience working on Agile Scrum and DevOps aligned delivery teams. Interest and ability to learn other coding languages as needed Strong communication skills and great product sense Proficient communication skills verbal and written. Experience in developing Arduino libraries is an added advantage Experience working with two or more from the following: Web Application development, Unix/Linux environments, mobile application development, distributed and parallel systems, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, developing large software systems, and/or security software development
Text mining_BLR_4+_Shiv-perm;Arminus Software Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;4-8 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Job Description:   Text Analytics and Natural Language Processing Expert Responsibilities As text analytics expert, he/she will investigate and implement text mining and natual language processing based solutions for solving real world business problems. He/she will focus on building information extraction, information retrieval, predictive models. At the project level, he/she will need to identify the appropriate techniques, develop new data sets and models, define and monitor success, and communicate with technical and non-technical partners within the team. Skills Masters or PhD degree in computer science, information science, data mining, bioinformatics, or similar fields Atleast 4 years experience in text mining, natural language processing, machine learning applied to text data, information extraction and information retrieval Experience developing and applying NLP and machine learning methods in java, python, or scala Experience in Python libraries for text data analyses and machine learning such as NLTK, Spacy, ScikitLearn, Tensorflow, Word2Vec, Bert Experience in document indexing systems such as Elasticsearch, Solr or Lucene Experience with Apache open-source text mining frameworks such as UIMA or GATE is a plus Experience working with biomedical open-source ontologies and terminologies such as MeSH, MedDRA, UMLS, SNOMED etc. is a plus Experience with publication databases such as PubMed, PubMedCentral, ClinicalTrials.gov, PatBase, FreePatentsOnline is a plus Experience working with open-source lexicons such as Dbpedia, WordNet is a plus Experience developing or applying text analytics solutions in Hadoop data lake environment is an added asset Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with ability to communicate effectively within the team Progressive thinker and problem solver, with a strong ability to manage ambiguity/complexity. Key Skills:   Text Analytics and Natural Language Processing Expert Responsibilities As text analytics expert, he/she will investigate and implement text mining and natual language processing based solutions for solving real world business problems. He/she will focus on building information extraction, information retrieval, predictive models. At the project level, he/she will need to identify the appropriate techniques, develop new data sets and models, define and monitor success, and communicate with technical and non-technical partners within the team. Skills Masters or PhD degree in computer science, information science, data mining, bioinformatics, or similar fields Atleast 4 years experience in text mining, natural language processing, machine learning applied to text data, information extraction and information retrieval Experience developing and applying NLP and machine learning methods in java, python, or scala Experience in Python libraries for text data analyses and machine learning such as NLTK, Spacy, ScikitLearn, Tensorflow, Word2Vec, Bert Experience in document indexing systems such as Elasticsearch, Solr or Lucene Experience with Apache open-source text mining frameworks such as UIMA or GATE is a plus Experience working with biomedical open-source ontologies and terminologies such as MeSH, MedDRA, UMLS, SNOMED etc. is a plus Experience with publication databases such as PubMed, PubMedCentral, ClinicalTrials.gov, PatBase, FreePatentsOnline is a plus Experience working with open-source lexicons such as Dbpedia, WordNet is a plus Experience developing or applying text analytics solutions in Hadoop data lake environment is an added asset Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with ability to communicate effectively within the team Progressive thinker and problem solver, with a strong ability to manage ambiguity/complexity.
Senior Curriculum Developer;Informatica business solutions pvt ltd;Other India;;Not Specified;Everything Informatica does begin and ends with data. Simply stated, we make great data – data that is connected, clean and safe -- ready to use so that all enterprises can be data ready and put their unique information potential to work. A data ready enterprise is decision-ready, customer-ready, application-ready, cloud-ready and regulation-ready. And by design, our Intelligent Data Platform delivers great data to enable our customers to be ready for anything. Our Team The Informatica University team plays a pivotal role in building the future of Informatica by building training contents to build and contribute significantly to success of our products by training aligning to our customer and partner’s needs. Playing a key part in assisting the product Revenue growth by building well trained customer and partner team by building strong teams to ensure their Success at all levels in Implementation our Informatica Products. Your Opportunity As a skilled Technical Product SME, you will have cross-industry, cross-functional and cross-domain know-how. In this role, you will support development of world class training content in Informatica Bigdata space, Cloud and other product lines that Informatica specializes in. You will be our technical front end primarily responsible for trouble shooting issues in lab environment with respect to Servers, processes, jobs, programs etc.. that are driving building world class Informatica product trainings You will have the opportunity to work side by side with some of the top technical talent in the industry. Our Ideal Candidate We are looking for highly motivated and skilled Informatica Products expert with experience in several products implementing cycles in Informatica ETL, Bigdata, who can technically support content lab environment and delivering high quality Informatica Product trainings. The person should have strong domain knowledge has good communications and presentation skills and also willingness to travel and front end meet people and with strong aptitude to learn/stay informed on technology trends. Technically proficient and have the patience and passion towards customer and other stakeholders through the capabilities of our products and solutions. Addressing technical pain points, or enabling a team on our technology, you’re willing to take the time to provide deep explanations and find solutions where needed. You find a collaborative work environment rewarding yet are equally adept at and content working independently. As an influential and effective SME, you are eager to share your knowledge and best practices and to develop and sustain an open line of communication with your supervisor and teammates. In addition, you have the following attributes: • You possess excellent customer-relationship skills – responsiveness, sensitivity and diplomacy. • problem-solving skills and technical aptitudes allow you to adapt to new circumstances and learn quickly when facing new problems and challenges. Your Responsibilities You will work closely with various stake holder, again Informatica product expertise and on a longer-term own the success in managing, building, and delivering the trainings on Informatica Products. Other responsibilities will include: • Responsible for all aspects of developing and managing high-quality Training Materials for Informatica software including Informatica Big Data, encompassing Data Integration, Data quality, Master Data Management and other products. • Develop re-usable processes to install and configure Informatica software products and setup classroom lab environments. You’re Qualifications A strong candidate will have: Bachelors degree in Education, Computer Science, or equivalent. 5-12 years in software product training development and delivery Proven ability to quickly acquire technical expertise in software products. Strong presentation and communication skills. Experience with Data Science technologies and Big Data. Strong knowledge and hands on experience working with Big Data Admin and user level set up Solid operating system platform experience, such as Windows NT4.0, Windows 2000 or UNIX. Expertise in Microsoft Word and PowerPoint
Senior Product Manager;Informatica business solutions pvt ltd;Other India;;Not Specified;"Senior Product Manager, Master Data Management Solutions   Our Company Informatica, the enterprise cloud data management leader helps companies accelerate their data-driven digital transformation. With over 7,000 customers worldwide, Informatica is the trusted leader to enable companies unleash the power of data to drive intelligent disruption, become more agile, and realize new opportunities. We’re always on the lookout for talented individuals with passion for technology, excellence, and innovation.    Our Team The Product Management team for Master Data Management (MDM) builds leading solutions like Customer 360, Product 360, Reference 360, Customer 360 Insights, that empower customers to access timely, relevant and trustworthy data. Major companies in financial services, life sciences, manufacturing, healthcare, retail, etc. rely on Informatica MDM to manage their master data to grow revenue, improve operations, and lower costs. Join a fast growing and dynamic team that is building innovative new solutions for master data management that are at cutting edge of Cloud Native, Intelligent, and, Big Data/IOT leveraging technologies like Microservices, AI/Machine Learning, NoSQL, Graph DB, etc.   Informatica MDM is recognized by customers and industry analysts as the leader in master data management. You can find more information here   Your Opportunity The Product Manager for Master Data Management Solutions will join a team that owns the build, delivery, and success of Informatica’s Horizontal and Industry Cloud solutions.  You will work closely with engineering to define and deliver world class solutions, interact with customers, partners, and sales to understand needs and preferences as well as collaborate with other talented peers to help evangelize and implement your solutions. We are looking for great product managers, or people with ingredients to become great product managers, to join our team. If you can get to the heart of a problem quickly; if you are a great communicator; if you love to work in a start-up like environment, help others do great thing and be great in the process; if you love data, analytics, and software product management; if you want to be a part of the data disruption currently underway, Informatica is the place for you. Job Responsibilities  Become an Informatica Big data MDM Solutions subject matter expertWork with customers, field organizations and other Platform PMs to capture product requirements and feedbackCreate use cases, requirements, and user stories for product development.Collaborate with user designers and engineering to deliver world class products for business users with modern data visualizationDevelop ecosystem partners to deliver Industry offerings that include Industry Data Models, Data as a Service, end-to-end business process, etc. Evangelize product roadmap with customers, analysts, and field organizationsNurturing customers and securing them as references  Candidate Requirements  Engineering degree or equivalent technical experience/aptitude8+ years software product management or software implementation experienceAbility to take ownership of a problem domain and translate a business problem into product requirementsGood understanding of big data concepts and enterprise productsSelf-starter with strong analytical skills with proven ability to take initiative and see projects through to completionClear aptitude for product management and understanding of SDLCGreat organizational and communication skills with attention to detailStrong work ethic and business acumenAnalytics and CRM/ERP applicaton experience preferred Experience in MDM or data management is a plusExperience in cloud based products is a plus."
Azure Identity and Access Management;BR Raysoft Global Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Pune;7-12 Years;Not Specified;We have openings for Azure Identity and Access Management Position Requirement in Bangalore/pune/chandigarh. Work Location : Bangalore/pune/chandigarh. Mode of Employment : contract. Experience    : 10 + YRS. Job Description Details : Skills Required: Below skills are must ? Azure. ? Identity and Access Management 1. Provide hands-on technical expertise to design, engineer, deploy, and deliver secure Cloud services including driving improvements in technical architecture, standards and processes. 2. Demonstrated hand-on experience with Azure Identity and Access Management. 3. Work with engineering, DevOps and other teams to design and implement Azure components and services. 4. Architects and design Azure cloud-based solutions that meet the project requirements to include security and compliance standards 5. Experience with Internet of Things including IoT Hub, Machine Learning, Stream Analytics, and Event Hubs If you are interested in this Opening, kindly Share your Updated CV, any Govt. ID Proof to [HIDDEN TEXT] Thanks & Regards Vignesh J HR- IT Recruiter BR Raysoft Global (P) Ltd [HIDDEN TEXT] Tel : 044-22270830/31
Full Stack  java developer;On Demand Agility Software Private Limited;Pune;3-6 Years;Not Specified;Dear All, We have one open position for  Leadership role for Pune location with On Demand Agility Software Pvt. Ltd. This is permanent opportunity with On Demand Agility Software.  https://www.ondemandagility.com  About the organization  On Demand Agility Solutions is a global IT and Engineering solutions provider catering to a diverse customer base. Our seasoned professionals come experienced in a broad spectrum of technologies that range from cutting-edge technologies to legacy systems, enabling us to successfully service a wide variety of customers. We have one open position for  Leadership Role for Pune location with On Demand Agility Software Pvt. Ltd. https://www.ondemandagility.com  About the organization  On Demand Agility Solutions is a global IT and Engineering solutions provider catering to a diverse customer base. Our seasoned professionals come experienced in a broad spectrum of technologies that range from cutting-edge technologies to legacy systems, enabling us to successfully service a wide variety of customers. Job Description.  Good experience on Java/J2EE full stack. Good experience in team management Good experience stakeholder management for global team Good understanding on global exposer. Must have minimum years hands-on experience in one of the Big Data Technologies (I.e. Apache Hadoop, HDP, Cloudera, MapR). 3+ years of demonstrable experience designing ML/statistical solutions/Big Data to complex business problems at scale. Fluent with digital areas related to data & analytics: Digital Technology - Mobility, Cloud, Analytics, Big Data, etc. Develop & code production-grade novel algorithms for our business-experimentation platform. Experience Involves testing various machine learning and analytical tools, especially in the big data space, to scale prototypes to production-grade systems. Provide solutions but not limited to: Customer Segmentation & Targeting, Propensity Modeling, Churn Modeling, Lifetime Value Estimation, Forecasting, Recommender Systems, Modeling Response to Incentives, Marketing Mix Optimization, Price Optimization. Proficient in statistical/ML predictive techniques such as regression, Bayesian methods, tree-based learners, SVM etc. Proficiency in at least one of R or Pythons (preferred) data science stack. A good learner, a good mentor, who inspires peers and team members to learn and expand their skill set, guiding them in the right direction. Working knowledge of MapReduce, HBase, Pig, MongoDb, Cassandra, Impala, Oozie, Mahout, Flume, Zookeeper/Sqoop and Hive. Technical competencies in the space of Business Intelligence and Database. Exposure to data and analytics technologies on various cloud providers like AZURE, GCP and AWS. Should be well versed with agile methodologies, DevOps. Thorough grasp on RDBMS and data management concepts as well as fluency in SQL scripting. Good customer presentation and communication skills. Should be passionate about Data & Analytics technologies and trends in the market. Should be conversant with the current trends in the Banking, Financial Services and Insurance Vertical. Please share your upmost updated cv at [HIDDEN TEXT] with below details .. Name: Current Organization: Total Exp : Relevant Exp: Current CTC : Expected CTC : Any Offer if yes (pls mentioned : ORG/location/ Amount/LWD) Time required to join (Notice Period and Minimum Joining Time) : Interested for the position (Yes/No) : Pls mention your alternative contact number : Open for Relocation: Reason for Change : Email:Contact Details :    Best regardsAnil Tewari[HIDDEN TEXT]
Principle Data Scientist - AI Based Data Analytics Company;Hyrezy Talent Solutions;Delhi, Delhi NCR;6-11 Years;2500000-3500000;Responsibilities : Maintain and work with our data pipeline that transfers and processes several terabytes of data using Spark, Scala, Python, Apache Kafka, PySpark. Work directly with internal teams to understand their needs/offerings and build platform components that meet those needs. Design, build and support pipelines of data transformation, conversion, validation Build data manipulation, processing, and data visualization tools and share these tools across the team. Leverage your statistical and computational knowledge to design and build intelligent algorithms to solve challenging problems. Apply data analysis, data mining and data engineering to present data clearly. Work with development teams to build tools for data logging and repeatable data tasks that will accelerate and automate data scientist duties. Assist senior management in making key business decisions Assist in presenting and showcasing capabilities to external stakeholders. Provide guidance and architecture support to platform development teams.  Qualifications : 6+ years of experience working with large data sets or do large scale quantitative analysis Bachelors or Masters degree in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, Statistics or other technical field. PhD preferred. Expert SQL scripting required. Development experience in one of the following: Scala, Java, Python. Must have experience working with Hadoop, Spark, Big Data ML frameworks Ability to drive projects Basic understanding of statistics - hypothesis testing, p-values, confidence intervals, regression, classification, and optimization are core lingo. Strong algorithmic problem-solving skills. Must have experience manipulating large data sets through scala and Python/R. Superior verbal, visual and written communication skills to educate and work with cross functional teams on controlled experiments. A willingness to learn, share, and improve. Experimentation design or A/B testing experience is preferred
Openings for Chat support (non-voice);Quess Corp Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;1-4 Years;100000-350000;My name is SHARATH, HR at IKYA. Were excited about our upcoming drives and wed like to invite you to apply for any of our Customer Service positions and avail this opportunity to make your career in reputed company.  E-commerce hiring Experienced for Domestic chat Process. * Please find the details : • We are looking ( UG/GRAD /PG ), .EXPERIENCED CANDIDATES. • 6 Days working. Any 1 day off in a week. • Salary - 3.00 Lacs  • Candidates should be fluent in English.  Shift- 6 am to 3 pm & 3 pm to 12 am Contact : SHARATH : 7406015456  EMAIL: [HIDDEN TEXT]
Job | Excellent Opportunity For Embedded Professionals in Ahmadabad;Volansys Technologies Private Limited;Gandhinagar;4-12 Years;Not Specified;Hello Hope you are doing well. This is Ambrish Mishra, Executive - Human Resources from VOLANSYS Technologies. It was a pleasure speaking with you over call, please find details below. Company Name: VOLANSYS Technologies Job Title: SE/PE/ TL Embedded Engineer Experience: 4 to 12 years Job Description: Job Description: 1)Firmware Engineer Linux BSP 2) Firmware MCU Lead 3) Firmware Linux BSP Lead 4) Firmware Engineer MCU Job Location: Block A - 7th Floor, Safal Profitaire, Corporate Road, Prahaladnagar, Ahmedabad, Gujarat 380015 Company URL: www.volansys.com About VOLANSYS: VOLANSYS is a next generation Product Realization and Digital Transformation company, which acts as a ‘single stop IoT solution enabler’ for worldwide customers including fortune 500 companies as well as growth-stage start-ups to bring ideas to life. With 375+ professionals, 150+ global customers, 250+ solution implementations and industry-standard reference platforms/IPP solutions including Modular IoT Gateway, HomeBridge™, Wireless Modules, IoT Edge Node Platform, Network Telemetry Software, VOLANIUM – IoT test automation framework and more, VOLANSYS excel in providing Product Engineering, Original Manufacturing Design (ODM), Hardware Design/EE, Embedded Software, Connected Application, Enterprise Software, Mobile Application, Cloud (PaaS and SaaS), Digital Networking (wired and wireless), Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning and Quality Engineering services, in the domains of Consumer Electronics, Wearables, Healthcare and Wellness, Medical Devices, Automotive, Retail, Manufacturing, Multimedia, Digital Networking and more. VOLANSYS is an ISO 9001:2015 certified company with state-of-the-art product design and development centres in USA and India. VOLANSYS was founded in 2008, by a team of experienced engineers to provide technology solutions and services along with exceptional business value with a vision to transform human life through technological innovation. For more information about VOLANSYS, please visit website. Services We Offer: Product Engineering Services: Concept Design, Manufacturing-ready Hardware Prototypes Development, Product Manufacturing, Diagnostics & Sustenance Engineering, Product Re-engineering, Compliance & Certifications Hardware Engineering: Component Selection, BOM - Bill of Material, Schematic Design, Multi-layer PCB Design, Power & Memory Management, Sensor Fusion & Interfaces, RF Antenna Design, Mechanical Enclosure, Hardware DVT and EVT Embedded Software: Board support package (BSP), Porting (OS, Kernel, and Protocol Stack), DSP/BIOS Integration, Driver/Interface development, Embedded Application, Wireless Connectivity, Multimedia Processing, Identification and Security, Remote OTA updates, Cloud Connectivity SDK. Cloud and Software Solutions: SaaS & PaaS Development, Connected Mobile Application, Connected Web Application, Desktop Applications, UI/UX Design, Cloud to Device Connectivity, Cloud Resource Orchestrations, Cloud Integrations, Third-party API Integrations, Voice Recognition, NLP, AI, Machine Learning, Big Data Analytics, Digital Networking Quality Engineering: System/Product Validation, QA Automation, Pre-silicon Validation, Post-silicon Validation, field of Connectivity Manufacturing Support (ODM): Eng. to Production Transfer, Material Procurement, DFM & Panel review, Test Jig Design, Melding and Assembly, Pilot / Mass Production, Pilot Validation Testing (PVT), Product Packaging, Pre-dispatch Quality Control, Product Shipment Awards & Recognitions: • MarketWatch mentioned VOLANSYS as a leading International player in Global Wireless Connectivity Software Market 2018-2025 Read Press Release • Zinnov Zones positioned VOLANSYS as an emerging IoT services provider in IoT Technology Services Report 2018 Read Report • CIO Magazine named VOLANSYS as one of the ‘20 Most Promising IoT Companies to Work For’ Read News Here are some more places you can visit to know more about VOLANSYS. Our Partnerships | Leadership Team | Our Culture | Careers If you are interested in this Position, then Send me your updated CV with Below details Total Experience Relevant Experience Current Company (Payroll) Duration in the company Current Salary (Fix+ Variable) Expected Salary (Fix) Notice Official (Days) Joining Period (After getting offer how many days will u take to join) (Days)
Automation Solution architect;Wipro Limited;Pune;;Not Specified;CIS Automation Practice is a business transformation journey, which encompasses all aspects of Technology Infrastructure automation, from Robotic Process Automation, IT Process Automation and evolves all the way to cognitive, machine learning, intelligent chatbots and artificial intelligence. Intelligent infrastructure automation is highly strategic, with the target of significantly improving the process quality, customer experience and the aim of delivering cost reduction. The practice lead will drive IA as a transformational agent to shift CIS to new ways of working enabling CIS to become software-driven intelligent enterprise, the role holder will provide management and leadership of the practice team ensuring effectiveness and efficiency of resources within the environment, delivering people/talent management.
DOTNET Developer/DOTNET Programmer in Bangalore Location;V4U Manpower;Bengaluru / Bangalore;3-5 Years;150000-550000;Job Title: Software Engineer Number of Openings: 3 Location of Posting: Bangalore - MG Road Education Required: Any Graduates Employment Type: Contract Detailed Job Description: ----------------------------------- A Software Engineer—DOTNET needs to work on technical innovation and should have both theoretical and hands-on technical knowledge on various business problems and projects. He or she needs to provide high-level support in the design and development of Web applications with good logical building. His or her role also involves providing technical guidance or development of software/Algorithms or troubleshooting of systems and evaluating current or emerging technologies to consider factors such as portability, compatibility, or usability. Desired Skills: • Experience—3 + years of hands-on experience in DOTNET, MVC, Csharp, Entity Framework and SQL Server. • Good experience in Algorithm Development with strong Logical skills required. • Basic knowledge on Machine Learning, Python and R Integrations would be added advantage • Good knowledge in HTML and JQuery required • Excellent knowledge of the tools, techniques, and software, and ability to apply them in developing programs as required • Experience in debugging software • Ability to identify and solve software interface issues • Should be a self-starter and capable of operating on minimal management oversight • Ability to work under pressure to meet agreed deadlines • Passion, energy, and enthusiasm to drive results
Analytics Developer (SQL Server,R /Phython);TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;3-6 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : • 3+ years of experience in technology development, building and deploying technology solutions. • 3+ years of experience in programming or coding, SQL database development. • 2+ years of development experience using scripting tools such as R, SparkR and Python. • 3+ years of experience in relational databases, data frames or Business Intelligence development, performing data transformations and data modelling. • Strong background in database design and ETL tools (e.g., Informatica, SQL stored procedures, reading flat files and XML files, etc). • Experience working with Agile/Scrum SDLC methodology. • Ability to write and produce technical documents. Experience in demonstrating technical solutions to end-users. • Excellent business communication skills (verbal and written in English) to articulate problems, make design decisions and to independently engage with business stakeholders throughout various phases of the project. Preferred • Experience in machine learning and predictive modeling. Perform descriptive and exploratory analyses, predictive models, text analytics, social network analysis, and interactive data visualizations • Preferred knowledge of web development such as HTML, CSS, AngularJS and JavaScript. • Ability to efficiently learn new concepts and software. • Passionate about building high-quality solutions with software implementation leading practices. • Candidate should be a self-motivated, independent, flexible, detail oriented team-player . • Open innovative mindset with technical experience and rapid prototyping skills. Good to Have • Experience in one or more visualization tools like Tableau, Qlik, Power BI, open source D3 charts. • Experience in cloud and cluster computing environment such as Azure Data warehouse, Azure blob storage, Spark etc.
Program Manager - Digital;Conneqt Business Solutions Limited;Mumbai;12-15 Years;Not Specified;We are hiring for a Program Manager for our Digital Business Unit. Role and Responsibilities This is a leadership level position and individual is responsible for driving and managing a large implementation program for customers Will be required to work on business process automation platforms, develop new solutions, and enable adoption of automation solutions across EnterpriseDelivery Management experience handling Projects / Support Engagements across technology suite : RPA,  BI,  ERP,  Azure / AWS / Google Cloud Technologies Should have good familiarity over data ingestion, transformation and reporting processes (Data Science / Analytics).Should have worked directly with customer stakeholders at senior levels and managed the partnershipManage teams of RPA developers, Architects to deliver multiple digital programs / projects / initiatives at client side and enterprise side Driving the adoption of best practices and governance around coding, design, quality and performance of Partner with our customers to identify the best standard or customized solution covering RPA, Analytics and complex solutions that meets their requirements in terms of Digital strategy Skills and Experience Experience in Managing projects / engagements with RPA tools, Data Analytics and related Tools to deploy end to end solutionExperience in handling multiple engagement models - T&M, Fixed, Output based etc. and type/ nature of delivery - ADM, Devops, Agile etc.Exposure in developing Delivery Model, governance to defining Enterprise level automation roadmap and ability to manage and deliver overall solutions to transform client business.Avid project manager and delivered engagement with newer technologies and solutionsOverall l 12+ years of experience in Technology Management Practice / CoE preferably Enterprise Automation including Automation Experience (RPA, AI, ML, Business Analytics) Good Understanding and should have managed engagements with programming languages / platforms - DOTNET / VB / VC++ / C++ / J2EE Management / Engineering Graduate with required exp  Role Category: Programming & Design Role: Database Architect Designer Employment Type: Full Time, Permanent
Data Engineer  with Python backend development;null;Bengaluru / Bangalore;3-8 Years;Not Specified;Title: Data Engineer with Python Backend Development Type: Permanent No of Positions: 4  We are looking for a candidate with at least 3 years experience in Big Data technologies like Hadoop, PySpark, Spark Streaming, Hive, Spark SQL and Data Frames with Python/Scala.   Must have  Technical Skills: • Extensive experience on Spark/Scala, Hive queries on Databricks. • Strong Knowledge of the AWS ecosystem in Data and Analytics • Hands-on experience with ETL processes • Knowledge of workflow scheduler like AWS Airflow and Oozie. • Proficient in at least one of the SQL languages (MySQL, PostgreSQL) and ability to write complex SQLs. • Working knowledge of build tools (PyBuilder) and version control systems (Git). • Experience in implementing systems tracking data quality and consistency.  General Attributes • Ability to work productively with team members, identify and resolve tough issues in a collaborative manner. • Experience with designing data pipelines • Good understanding of complex processing needs of big data and has experience in developing codes and modules to address those needs. • Experience in applying machine learning techniques to real-world problems in a production environment • Deep understanding of Data and the Data Ecosystem • Life sciences background with experience in the Data & Analytics platform is a big plus.
C++/C/Csharp/Python Software Engineer, Sr. (Machine Learning);Prosum Technology Services;India;;Not Specified;"JOB SUMMARY We are looking for an experienced software engineer to model and analyze threat data as well as develop and maintain tools and algorithms for its Machine Learning group for our client. This position requires strong programming skills in Csharp, C/C++, Python knowledge of relational databases (MySQL, MSSQL) as well as NoSQL databases, and distributed software frameworks (Hadoop, Spark). The ideal candidate for this role must have the following required qualifications: MS in Computer Science or equivalent experience.Professional experience using C/C++, Csharp and Python.Ability to work within a team environment; strong verbal and written communication skills. The following are the desired skills/experience/education for the role: Master’ s Degree - Can come right out of school if they have extensive research experience in Machine Learning and Software Engineering.Experience in High Performance Computing, GPU programming.Experience in Machine Learning.Distributed software frameworks (Hadoop, Spark).Understanding of exploits and malware.Knowledge in HTML, JavaScript."
AI / ML Data Scientist – Democratize commerce through Technology!;CareerXperts Consulting;Mumbai;5-8 Years;Not Specified;The candidate will lead a team of product managers that will design and build our online tutoring platform for students and teachers across India. The candidate is responsible for developing, creating, and assessing a variety of product features so a mix of writing, design and analytical skills are required along with product management experience. The ideal candidate will be creative and resourceful and excited about the education and consumer technology space. Write to [HIDDEN TEXT] to get connected!
Business Analyst - Digital (rpa, Data Analytics, Machine Learning / Ar;Conneqt Business Solutions Limited;Mumbai, India;3-6 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Job Description Role and Responsibilities Very good understanding of Digital Technologies and how they can transform the business Analyses business requirements and creates software design for at least one major sub-system. Understands the client projects, confirms the feasibility of the automation for the processes in scope, and defines the stages needed to develop automation. Understand the client requirement by studying the business process and SOP documents. Evaluate processes and provide recommendations for automation enhancements. Support full lifecycle implementation of the Digital / RPA / BI project including Analysis, documentation, User manual creation training and Post implementation support. Identify tasks with automation potential together with production teams and customers and implement automation with RPA and other applicable technologies. Preparing business cases, feasibility studies, Functional specifications and requirements statements. Process Mapping and Documentation / Liaise with relevant stakeholders to review possible improvements to processes and procedures. Ensure that the relevant groups are fully briefed with respect to requirements relating to support and change management. Partner with our customers to identify the best standard or customized solution covering RPA, Analytics and complex solutions that meets their requirements in terms of Digital strategy Publish white papers, Collaterals, reference material individually/in collaboration with Leaders. Prepare RFI/ RFP responses, sales collateral such as capability decks, proposal templates, case studies, standardizing application demos individually/in collaboration with other teams Pre-Sales support will involve the following activities to be performed by an individual : a) Demo the solution b) Highlight capabilities of the solution c) Discuss the technical details of the solution d) Engage with client throughout the pre-sales process Skills and Experience Experience working IT engagements with RPA tools, Data Analytics and related Tools to deploy end to end solution 3+ years of work experience in Business Analyst - Presales / Business Development role in any reputed Information Technology company. 3+ years of experience Domain e.g. in Insurance domain. Knowledge about complete Insurance value chain i.e. Submission, Quotes, Policy Bound, Policy Administration, Claims, Billing, and Reinsurance. Management / Engineering Graduate with required exp Salary: INR 10,00,000 - 15,00,000 PA. Industry: / Functional Area: Role Category: System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role: Business Analyst Employment Type: Full Time, Permanent
RPA Developer;TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;4-7 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Years of Experience: Total 4-7 Years [2 years Automation Anywhere Exp. (must)] Qualification: BS(CS/IT)/BCA/BE(CS/IT)/B.Tech(CS/IT)/MS(CS/IT)/MCA *CS= Computer Science. IT= Information Technology/Science **BS/BE/B.Tech other than CS/IT branches are not eligible Skillsets 1 (Must have): Strong knowledge in Data Structure and AlgorithmMust have 2 years of hands on working knowledge in Automation Anywhere (AA) tool Should have hands on coding knowledge in DOTNET or Java Should have hands on coding knowledge in Java Script or VB Script Should have good knowledge in DBMS and capabilities of writing SQL queriesShould have completed 3 Automation Projects using AAWorking knowledge in Citrix/MainframeGood attitude and open to adopt change Skillsets 2 (Prefer to have): Preferred background knowledge in AI (NLP/Machine Learning/Image Processing) Preferred knowledge in Agile implementation Good to have knowledge in Excel Macro Good to have knowledge in XML, REST APIs, JSONWorking knowledge in Oracle or SQL server Have Automation working knowledge in multiple ERPs like ServiceNow, Peoplesoft etc. Certifications in Automation Anywhere Good communication skills
RPA ( AI ) Expert;Golden Opportunities Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;11-15 Years;Not Specified;Description Lead Architect - RPA ( AI ) - Bangalore Strong knowledge on any of the RPA technologies such as Blue prism, Automation Anywhere or any other Minimum 3 years of experience in Design Methodologies(RPA) / or equivalent knowledge in Microsoft/Java technologies along strong experience in AI Ability to manage multiple tasks/projects in a fast-paced environment Ability to work effectively with clients and team members across multiple geographies
AI Scientist;TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;2-4 Years;Not Specified;"Job Description : AI Scientist II Role PURPOSE The AI Scientist II will be part of a new stealth group building the next generation of smart machine cloud-based solutions. This provides an opportunity to get in on the ground floor level of something new and exciting for an industry working with the latest and greatest technologies. RESPONSIBILITIES Participate in cutting edge research using tools such as Machine Learning and Natural Language Processing amongst other capabilities. Enhance the automated translation engine developed in houseHelp develop software and algorithms and build new cognitive computing platforms for areas such as sensors and tracking systems, deep learning algorithms and models, workflow and automation through to new areas such as virtual assistants and AI in IoTto enhance our Artificial Intelligence functionality. Define and drive the analytical scope and method for projects, including formulating and shaping the capabilities through a full software development life cycle.Help the research and development of a local AI team, deliver practical AI components to be used within clinical processes.Work on world-class cutting-edge technologies in related fields, including but not limited to the following: deep learning, large-scale machine learning and machine learning platforms, Natural Language processing and Semantic Ontology, Robotic Process Automation and Blockchain. REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS, AND ABILITIES Experience in some of the following areas:Machine Learning - deep learning, online learning, transfer learning, reinforcement learning, structured/unstructured learning;Natural language processing -NLTK/OpenNLP, StanfordNLP, Translation, Semantic Ontology, Natural Language understanding / generation;Optical Character Recognition – utilizing character recognition tools to convert images, PDFs and other document types into digitally recognized structure with meta-tagging (for example Tesseract); Documents creation and formatting with Python scripts (mainly Word, PDF) Strong research and innovation skillsand ability to solve difficult machine vision and learning problems and transferring business problems into AI use cases and requirements. Excellent prototyping skills in open-source with some examples of practical application.Excellent programming skills in languages such as Java, Csharp / C++, and Python. Hands-on experience with open source Machine Learning libraries and platforms, for example Tensorflow, H2O, Mahout, etc. and/or NLP tools.Hands-on experience with large-scale real-time machine learning/AI and with full software development life cycle.Excellent communication and teamwork skills.Flexibility and adaptability to work in a growing dynamic team in a highly visible role.Preferred pharmaceutical experience in research projects and teams. MINIMUM REQUIRED EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE Master’s degree in Computer Science, Applied Statistics, Engineering, Mathematics, Physics or other qualitative discipline with specialization and experience in Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Cognitive Science, Deep Learning or other related fields. A minimum of three years of professional post-academic work experiencewith a Master’s or additional years of experience at BSc level will be considered. Strong mathematical/computing science background with strong knowledge in at least one of the following fields: Cognitive Science, Advanced Semantic Design, Information Extraction, Information retrieval, Probabilistic Decision Marking, or similar."
Data Scientist;Disys India Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;4-7 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : We are looking for a skilled Data Scientist to join their growing team in Santa Monica, CA. The Data Scientist will have access to a variety of different data sources available to the Data Products and Engineering team, entailing clickstream, financial, marketing, event, and internal data. This individual will be responsible for exploring data sets as large as (please include of data sets) and driving business results with their data-based insights using predictive modeling. The ideal candidate is adept at using large data sets to find opportunities for product and process optimization and can use models to test the effectiveness of different courses of action. Other responsibilities will include (but are not limited to) data visualization, data- driven problem solving, They have a passion for discovering solutions hidden in data sets and can brainstorm ways to improve business outcomes / determine future project focus. They must also have experience and interest in content analysis. Requirements:4+ years of experience as a Data Scientist within a large, consumer-facing analytics environment Strong python / R programming experience to extract, clean, analyze, and visualize data Exposure to cloud environments (preferably AWS) Strong experience utilizing Spark for data processingAutomation experience using Amazon S3 or other comparable storage service Machine Learning experience using Tensorflow, Scikit-learn, or Spark MLExperience using Amazon SageMaker for cloud machine learning B.S. in Computer Science, EE or Mathematical Science
Business Intelligence and Data Visualization Developer;M2K Semantic Solutions Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;3-5 Years;Not Specified;Experience: 3-5 years Location: Bengaluru Domain: Data Analytics/Data Science/Data Engineering Key Responsibilities: • Relevant experience focused on solving data & analytics challenges with solid experience preferably in the Financial Services domain (Banking and Capital Markets or Wealth and Asset Management domains) • Lead components of large scale client engagements and/or smaller client engagements while consistently delivering quality client services. • Contribution and ability to lead towards the delivery of data integration solutions. • Understanding business and technical requirements and provision of subject matter expertise. • Putting into practice good organizational and time management skills, with the ability to prioritize and complete multiple complex projects under tight deadlines. • Monitor progress, manage risk and effectively communicate with key stakeholders regarding status, issues and key priorities to achieve expected outcomes. • Work with key stakeholders to define the delivery model based on resources, infrastructure landscape and SME availability • Support the growth of the data migration/data warehouse & data integration Practice through internal initiatives and identifying new business opportunities • Conducting data discovery activities, performing root cause analysis, and making recommendations for the remediation of data quality issues. • Provide product and design level technical best practices • Demonstrate strong technical capabilities and knowledge of building, designing and maintaining the data architecture for large volume risk data solutions • Should be able to guide the team in programming, database knowledge, data warehousing or big data applications. • Coach and develop junior colleagues across the Data Team Qualifications: BE/BTech/MCA/MBA Technical Skillset: • Experience working on Hadoop distribution systems (Cloudera /Hortonworks/MapR) • Strong understanding & familiarity with all Hadoop Ecosystem components and Hadoop Administrative Fundamentals • Strong understanding of underlying Hadoop Architectural concepts and distributed computing paradigms • Experience in the development of Hadoop APIs and MapReduce jobs for large scale data processing • Hands-on programming experience in Apache Spark using SparkSQL and Spark Streaming or Apache Storm • Data Integration experience on Kafka, Sqoop, Nifi, Flink, Talend, Informatica, DataStage etc • Experience with Big Data programming environments and competency in major analytics software packages and programming environments (e.g. Hadoop /Map-Reduce, Hive, Hbase, Spark, Storm, Python, R, Java etc.) • In-depth understanding of data management concepts. • Experience with cloud systems such as AWS or Azure • Experience in NoSQL technologies like Hbase, Cassandra, MongoDB • Experience in ETL on Azure /AWS cloud and Databricks • Knowledge of data modelling tools (Power designer, Erwin, or other accepted standard tool), CI/CD Tools (Jenkins, Marvin, GIT) • Experience in Reporting and Analytics tools: PowerBI, QlikSense, Qlikview, Tableau, Spotfire, SAP BO • Knowledge in big data architecture patterns [Lambda, Kappa] • Strong proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive and SparkSQL • Experience in Python, Spark and Scala programming languages • Should have worked on Databases (MySQL, Oracle, MSSQL, SQL Server 2008/2012) • Good knowledge of Shell Scripting and Linux • Knowledge of SDLC, Scrum, Agile methodologies
Subject-  Power BI & Redshift -Job- Immediate Joiners – Vserv Business Solutions !! Gurgaon;VServ Business Solutions Private Limited;Gurgaon / Gurugram;3-13 Years;Not Specified;Hello Dear, We are hiring Power BI & Redshift for our Gurgaon location centre at VServ Business Solutions Pvt Ltd.. This project opportunity is with one of the Biggest Telecom domain. Job location is Gurgaon. If interested, please share your updated resume along with the following details: CTC ECTC Notice Period-(Only Immediate preferred) Role- Power BI & Redshift Position Title: Power BI & Redshift / Sr. Dev/ Lead/ Architect JOB SUMMARY & SCOPE Overview: Job Description:  Oracle 11i expert with PL/SQL, views functions etc Developing Data models, Data cubes and Materialized views etc. Understanding of Cognos reporting Business domain expert - supply chain mgmt. Understanding of AWS stack with S3 storage and Redshift DB Agile methodology understanding with writing user stories and Sprint execution Power BI reporting stack understanding . Required Skills:  5+ years Power BI 5+ years of experience in developing/leading teams using Redshift DB 5+ years of experience developing applications in PL/SQL. 3+ years experience in AWS. Experience in Data Models, Data Cubes & Material views. Good understanding of Cognos. Telecom Domain experience- . Good to have Supply Chain management experience Bachelors Degree in computer science or related area of study. Desired Skills : Working knowledge of Power BI & Redshift  Company Profile: - VServ Business Solutions Pvt. Ltd. is a thriving global IT company dedicated to providing flexible software services and solutions to a diverse international clientele. We are working on offshore/Onsite model with an impressive client list majority from US/European markets. Our cutting edge IT solutions have surpassed clients’ expectations and created a growing list of satisfied customers. Consequently, our client accounts are increasing at a rate of more than 10% per month. Intersoft Data Labs and its partner company VServ Business Solutions Pvt Ltd. ( Intersoft) deliver a full range of IT outsourcing and business process solutions and services through our Global Service Delivery organization (GSD). Our ‘blended outsourcing’ model – which mixes onsite, onshore and offshore resources to effectively deliver services to our customers with a right mix of cost, quality and performance. We offer specialized services in software development across wide array of technologies, reusable solutions, business consulting, software testing and business process outsourcing. We are helping customers in their digital transformation journey to help them stay ahead in business by building next generation systems with adoption of latest technology waves including Cloud, Machine Learning, Analytics, Blockchain and latest UI/UX. Intersoft Data Labs is a US based IT solutions provider, founded in 2003. VServ Business Solutions is Intersoft‘s offshore delivery center in India with offices in Gurgaon and Mohali and is a part of the Intersoft Data Labs umbrella. Our first project involved assisting global giant, Citi Group. With this project we capitalized on our domain expertise in the banking and financial sector and currently we are working with leading entrepreneurs of various sectors including healthcare, pharmaceuticals, food & beverages, software etc. Intersoft is providing software services in multiple industry domains ranging from BFSI, Healthcare, Travel &Tourism, Education, Retail, eCommerce, Entertainment, HR Solutions. Intersoft has successfully delivered several transformational large-scale enterprise systems over the years. Intersoft has developed reusable components like Enterprise Framework, Rule Engine, Enterprise Integration Hub to accelerate software development. Intersoft has a strong base of 500+ professionals having expertise in diverse technologies, domains and futuristic mindset to adopt latest technology waves in Digital Transformation, Block Chain, Machine Learning, UI/UX, Large Data Warehouses, Custom and Packaged ERP solutions with focus on quality and compliance. We are into multiple technologies like Dotnet, Java, open systems, Oracle Apps, Oracle PL/SQL, Testing(Manual & Automation), PHP, Designing and now we have engagements with Follet, Singapore Banking Firm, LPS, Centric, MGM among other US/European clients. Intersoft is headquartered in Columbia, Maryland with satellite offices in Chicago and Denver. Our India offshore software Development Center as VServ Business Solutions Pvt. Ltd. is situated in Gurgaon & Mohali (Quark city). For more details, please check our website https://www.intsof.com To Contact us.  Address- VServ Business Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Building- Bestech Business Towers 6th Floor, 605-610, Opposite to Vatika Business Park. Sector 48, Sohna Road, Gurgaon 122018 email- [HIDDEN TEXT] Mob-9953177927  VServ Business Solutions Pvt Ltd https://www.intsof.com Best Regards, Raghav| [HIDDEN TEXT] | T: +91 124 4967261 | Mob: +91 995–317-7927 | F: +91 124 4967210. VServ Business Solutions Pvt. Ltd. website: www.intsof.com
Hiring | NLP Engineer | For a Product based Company | Hyderabad;IT Business Management Solutions India Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;6-8 Years;Not Specified;This position is responsible for spearheading the development of systems for natural language analysis, classification tasks, information retrieval, machine translation and processing of financial data • Overall Experience of more than 6 years in software products development and minimum 3 years in NLP using Python or Java. • Demonstrated capabilities and hands-on experience in Data mining, text analytics, NLP and semantic search, Question Answering systems, Entity recognition • Exceptionally strong analytical and Mathematical skills. • Sound knowledge of statistics, entity resolution. • Excellent problem-solving skills • Good understanding of Business problems and ability to translate a business problem into a Data Science / NLP problem.  Regards,Jeni PriyaContact - 8754433772 / [HIDDEN TEXT]
COO Transformation;Golden Opportunities Private Limited;Mumbai;12-18 Years;Not Specified;Description Transformation Lead Candidates Expectations: Should be Involved in end to end transformation for Capital Markets domain with COO, CXO exposure. Should be a domain expert and BB/MBB Certified. Should have delivered at least 2 large scale Transformation for global Clients in Capital Markets Hands on exposure with Industry Digital technologies & leading tools, automation, AI and Analytics plus already have a proven track record of implementing Digital solutions. Excellent leadership and communication skills with extensive experience in managing a high-performance team and delivering large scale Transformation project. A Result-oriented, self-driven person with a high energy level, analytical and structured, quality focused and adaptable
GAME/VR Game Developer;Sellcraft Global Solutions Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;1-3 Years;50000-300000;Job Description  Should have worked on at least one VR Application or Game. Should have experience with PC gaming VR (HTC Vive or Oculus Rift or Windows MR). Should have good knowledge of humanoid Animations. Should have good knowledge on handling gaming physics, lighting & AI.  Should have good performance optimization skills. Good knowledge of Csharp and OOPs. Knowledge of Version control like GitLab or GitHub etc.
Technical Architect (Back-end);Narnia Soft;Noida;8-10 Years;Not Specified;Greetings from Akshaya Business IT Solutions Pvt Ltd! Designation: Technical Architect – Backend Development Location: Noida  8+years of experience in product development  Proven strong technical architecture design background  Experience in developing and deploying highly scalable, fault tolerant, distributed backend services.  Experience in microservices, architecture development  Ability to map business requirements to technical specifications for developments  In Depth understanding of programming fundamentals, distributed systems, DBMS and web application servers  Understanding SOA and REST  Hands on experience in technologies like – ? Backend : Go/ PHP/ NodeJS ? DB : Oracle, PostGres, Cassandra or any RDBMS/ NoSQL  Experience with AWS/GCP/Azure  Knowledge of monitoring framework, APM or ELK  Knowledge of code reviews, best practices, CI/CD  Enjoys working with teams on challenging projects  Open to fast-paced environments  Ability to work effectively with all internal and external stakeholders.  Well-organized, self-motivated, self-started, precise and motivated Nice to have:  Hands on experience on web development ? ReactJs, AngularJs, Apache, NgNix  Exposure to problem solving using Machine Learning.  In-depth understanding of authentication, security and network protocols.  Exposure to protobuf, open tracing technologies Qualifications:  Bachelor’s degree in computer science from Tier 1 colleges.  Thanks & Regards, Kiran Kumar S Lead - TAG Akshaya Business IT Solutions Pvt Ltd. [HIDDEN TEXT] www.akshayaitsolutions.com
Java Developer;Technolo Software Solutions Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;3-9 Years;Not Specified;Should be a hands on Senior Developer with an ability to own technical deliverables. Responsible for guiding the team on design and development of enhancements in our applications including writing code testing and bringing technical depth and creativity to projects.Develop Build and improve Java based systems Follow best practices throughout the project lifecycle.Participate in team wide design and code reviews Performs troubleshooting of issues and performing periodic tasks required for the ongoing functionality of the software applications.Work with regional leads to agree on requirements and track milestones Responsible for smooth and timely deliverables for technical projects Basic Qualifications Extensive experience 3 years in Java development with a strength in Coding Java Core Java Collections Framework Concurrent Programming Experience with spring framework multi threading.Testing frameworks including Junit Experience with building stream processing systems using Spark Streaming.Experience with NoSQL databases such as MongoDB. Experience with various messaging systems such as Kafka or RabbitMQ .Experience with Caching solutions like Hazelcast or other equivalent solutions.Minimum 2 years of server side Java development experience with threading and synchronization Unix Linux .Experience Strong communication skills with a track record of working and collaborating with global teams.Must possess the ability to handle multiple on going assignments and be able to work independently in addition to contributing as part of a highly collaborative and globally dispersed team Strong analytical skills with the ability to break down and communicate complex issues ideas and solutions Thorough knowledge and experience in all phases of SDLC.Working knowledge of using Gradle Maven SVN JIRA Preferred Qualifications .Working knowledge of enterprise database systems Sybase or DB2 Programming in Perl Python and shell script.Knowledge and experience in building conversational user interfaces enabled by AI Coderpad test is must
Java;TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;4-10 Years;Not Specified;"Job Description : Create great responsive web application using Java, Spring, Spring boot, MVC, AngularJS, HTML, JavaScript frameworks, and CSS. ? Excellent working knowledge on Spring MVC, Spring Boot and microservices development experience. ? Develop microservices and API endpoints with performance, stability, and maintainability in mind with Kafka and auto-scaling containers. ? Develop automated integration and unit tests in accordance with stakeholder requirements ? Actively participate in story refinement and release planning for your application. ? Deploying machine learning models into production environment fully integrated as a solution (Apache Flask, MLDOTNET etc.) ? Share your application (demo) to peers, business stake holders, take feedback and strive on continues improvement. ? Collaborate with peers, pair programming, be a team player, collaborate with team members, mentor where possible and be excited to get mentored where required. ? Create development and deployment pipeline using one or more from (Teamcity, Octopus, Jenkins, Octopus, Concourse CI, Circle CI etc.) ? Setup test automation for your application using selenium grid, BDD using Cucumber. ? Use Test Driven Development approach in your development practice ? Deploy application in cloud environment (Pivotal Cloud Foundry (preferred), Azure, AWS) ? Ability to Setup and configure applications, test data, databases and test environments in automated ways. Essential Requirements: ? Typically requires 8+ years of related experience with a bachelor’s degree; or 6+ years with a master’s degree; or 3+ years with a PhD; or equivalent experience ? Proficient in developing Core Java, Spring, Spring Boot, microservices experience. ? Test Driven Development (TDD) mindset. ? Experience working in DevOps driven environment with seamless integration of test automation in CI/CD pipeline like GitLab. ? Experienced with deploying machine learning models into production environment fully integrated as a solution. ? Development and deployment experience using CI/CD methodology (Experience with one or more from Teamcity, Octopus, Jenkins, Puppet, Concourse CI, etc.) ? Experience in cloud architecture and deployment on cloud platforms (Pivotal Cloud Foundry (preferred), AWS, Azure experience). ? Good development experience in using (CRUD operations) at least one SQL database (SQL Server, Oracle) OR NO SQL (Elastic Search, Mongo DB). ? Engineering Degree in Computer Science/Engineering, or equivalent professional experience. ? Great communication skills Benefits We offer highly competitive salaries, bonus programs, world-class benefits, and unparalleled growth and development opportunities — all to create a compelling and rewarding work environment.."
Manager - Quality (process Transformation);2COMS Consulting Private Limited;Mumbai;8-13 Years;1700000-1900000;We have an excellent opportunity for the position of Manager Quality (Process Excellence - Transformation) for aClient in Mumbai  Designation - Manager Quality (Process Transformation)  Job Location  - Mumbai  Experience  -8 +years  Qualification  -Any Graduate  Shift - Flexible  Job Description: #5+ years of overall operational transformation experience and a variety of skills related to executing high and medium complexity projects and consulting engagements # Good experience in project management and process improvement initiatives internally or other large complex organizations. # Good understanding of overall banking and financial/consulting services industry knowledge will be preferred. # Good working knowledge of functional area in an operational or consulting capacity Automation expertise and ability to create detailed to-be workflow process diagrams and develop workflow user stories and create functional specifications. # Knowledge of IQ Basic or Advanced is useful. # Knowledge of the change process, project lifecycle and consulting tools and techniques - preferably - Lean Six Sigma experience. # Strong problem solving skills using end to end process reviews and data driven analysis. # Exposure / experience with Robotics / A.I. and other light automations tools & techniques will be an added advantage. # Understanding of how technology/process improvements adds value to the business and to the end customer. # Experience in managing senior stakeholders and demonstrated ability to build rapport rapidly with key stakeholders and to translate ideas into outcomes. # Experience working across cultures and in matrix organizational structures. # Ability to form working relationships at senior level in the organization. # Financial acumen: ability to develop a business case, quantify benefits and translate ideas into outcomes. # Ability to develop cohesive working relationships with business partners. #Good English enabling good written & verbal communication, negotiation and influencing skills. # To work for Consumer Operation Transformation Programme, by identifying automation opportunities, implementing automation solutions, delivering business outcomes & embedding change to the relevant processes. # Good experience with RPA & light automations tools & techniques. # Understanding of how technology/process improvements adds value to the business and to the end customer. Experience in managing senior stakeholders and demonstrated ability to build rapport rapidly and to translate ideas into outcomes.  Note : Immediate join ings would be highly preferred . Should be flexible with  Mumbai location  Interested candidates can connect on 9 073981818 (call / SMS) or mail at [HIDDEN TEXT] Required Candidate profileLooking for candidates available to work at Mumbai.  Must have good exposure in Quality - Process Transformation using AI/ML/RPA.
CHATBOT ARCHITECT;Resource Access Management Solutions Private Limited;Chennai;8-10 Years;Not Specified;JOB DESCRIPTION Key Qualifications Strong Java/C/C++ programming skills. lFamiliarity with ML tools and packages like Caffe, Torch, TensorFlow, Weka, MLLib,OpenNLP, etc.l Practical experience building production quality and large scale deployment of applications related to natural language processing and machine learning.l In-depth knowledge of machine learning algorithms and ability to apply them in data drivennatural language processing techniques.l Ability to quickly prototype ideas / solutions, perform critical analysis, and use creative approaches for solving complex problems. lExcellent communication skills.l8-10 years of overall experiencel3 years of relevant experience in chat bots and natural language processing Description * Key responsibilities include researching, developing and implementing innovative machine learning,artificial intelligence and NLP techniques .* Apply knowledge of natural language processing algorithms and machine learning for development of chatbots * Provide technical guidance to teams on the choice of machine learning approaches appropriate for a task. * Clear communication and transfer of machine learning solutions to applied ML engineers, data scientists and engineers on product teams. * Provide architectural guidance on transitioning prototypes to high-performance production models* Providing feedback on tools and new features needed back to platform development teams* Develop core platform technologies required for NLP for various languages. * Work in a highly collaborative environment with teams across AZ to adopt their frameworks and technologies whenever appropriate and contribute back whenever necessary. * Design, develop and deploy software solutions that impact AZ’s business Education * Machine Learning, Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics or related field with specialization in natural language processing and/or machine learning, Preferred Experience/Skills: * Experience with tools for statistical computing (e.g. R, NumPy, SciPy). * Knowledge of internationalization tools and standards. * Experience with large datasets and hands-on experience with distributed systems is a plus. ORGANIZATION WRITE-UP The Client company is a global, science-led bio pharmaceutical company that focuses on the discovery, development and commercialisation of prescription medicines. Our Purpose is to push the boundaries of science to deliver life-changing medicines. We believe the best way we can achieve our Purpose is to put science at the centre of everything we do. Science defines who we are. It is why we come to work every day and is part of our DNA. But this is only half of the story. We know that we do not have all the answers. We want to share ideas because we believe it results in better medicines. We want the way we work to be inclusive, open and collaborative. This approach runs through all that we do. To apply, send your updated resume to OTHER SERVICES OF RAMSOL
Engineering Manager (x3);TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;2-4 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : a. Technical lead/ developer who is experienced in Python, RPA and Data science capabilities. b. Experience in gathering requirements and designing solutions. c. Experience in performing Unit testing for developed solution. d. Excellent documentation & communication skills
Mobile App Developer Gachibowli, Hyderabad;Asm Enterprise Solutions Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;3-5 Years;Not Specified;Hello Partners, Job Title: Web Mobile App Developer / ReactJS / Angular Location: Gachibowli, Hyderabad Notice Period: Immediately – 30 days JD: Minimum Work Experience Required 3-4 years Key Requirements • Passion to create amazing products which users will love • Excellent collaboration and communication skills • Unit-testing code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability • Experience implementing applications or frameworks for ReactJS / Angular. • Experience implementing client to server network communications • Deep understanding of computer science fundamentals, data structures, and algorithms • Excellent debugging skills Desired Skills • Strong programming skills in JavaScript including DOM manipulation • Good knowledge of modern web technologies JavaScript, HTML5, CSS, Bootstrap, AJAX. • Experience with newer specifications of ECMAScript, data structure libraries (e.g., Immutable.js) and RESTful APIs. • Strong understanding of ES6, Redux, Node.JS, HTML5, CSS3 • Experience developing products using agile development methodologies. • Strong organizational and time management skills • Ability to stay focused and prioritize a heavy workload while achieving exceptional quality • You are upbeat, adaptable, and results oriented with a positive attitude • Proficient understanding of code versioning tools such as Git, SVN • Familiarity with continuous integration • Proficiency with browser based debugging and performance testing • Understanding of progressive web apps • Experience with a testing framework (Jest/Mocha) Please send me your updated resume along with below details without fail: Full Name: Contact Number: Mail ID: Notice Period: Current Location: Total Year EXP: Relevant Years EXP: Last Hike: Current CTC: Expected CTC: Reason for Change: Highest Graduation Details: Current Company Name: Available for F2F interview in Hyderabad (Y/N): Thanks & Regards, Krishna Murthy V ! ASM Enterprise Solutions Private Limited 4/1, IBC Knowledge Park, Tower D, 7th Floor Bannerghatta Road, Bangalore - 560029. T : +91 80 4034 3208 Cell: - +91 8618997123 Email: [HIDDEN TEXT] F: +91 80 2648 5108 www.calsoftlabs.com | www.alten.com
Regular KDB Developer, Chennai;Luxoft India Llp;Chennai;5-8 Years;Not Specified;Project Description This role will be part of Compliance Technology team focused on Regulatory Programme such as Market Abuse Regulation (MAR) delivery Responsibilities Software programming using Q/KDB backend and UI development using Delta Stream Dash board builder. Perform data analysis and apply ML/AI based libraries for innovative solutions to the requirements / problems in Market Abuse Surveillance This role will work closely with business analysts and trade surveillance users Provide effort estimates of based on requirements to project managers Adhere to best practices, coding standards Keep the specification documentation updated and version controlled in Share point Skills Must Technical: Overall 5+ years of IT experience Hands on experience in Development using q/KDB / R/ Python in financial domain for at least 2 years. Proficiency in using JIRA for issue tracking (SCRUM boards) Ability to suggest solutions and design related to KDB development Improve how kdb+ components are built / tested / deployed. Analyze / benchmark new technology offerings and kdb features that could benefit kdb-using plants such as: containerization, distributed file systems, new storage technologies, Kafka, compression, encryption, etc. Work with Strats to develop novel ways of managing / analyzing data in q. Functional: Strong understanding of Financial Markets Asset Classes (FX, FI, Equities, Rates, Commodities & Credit), various trade types (OTC, exchange traded, Spot, Forward, Swap, Options) and related systems is a must. Others: Education - Degree or above in Information Technology, Computer Science or equivalent Excellent verbal and written communications skills Good knowledge of release process and control procedures. Strong experience in dealing with geographically diverse teams globally Nice to have Prior experience in using ML/AI libraries in solving real world problems is a definite plus Surveillance domain knowledge, regulations (MAR, MIFID, CAT, Dodd Frank) and related Systems knowledge is certainly a plus Languages English: Upper-intermediate
Application Support;TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;6-10 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Key Job Description/Responsibilities Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited Job Profile – Big Data Software Engineer Business Area: Global Technology Services Job Family: Business Solutions Job Description We are developing innovative solutions that leverage the latest technologies in open source and the cloud and are building a team of top-notch software engineers to create our next generation web enabled Big Data Analytics and Machine Learning platform. You will be working with all levels of technology from front-end technologies(e.g React framework, Javascript, HTML5, CSS, R, Scala), server side technologies (web APIs on dotnet core, Csharp, Python, Node.js), backend data processing technologies (Hadoop, Spark R) and Cloud technologies in Azure and Amazon! You should be passionate about technology and love learning new technologies and implementing high quality, highly scalable global solutions. We want you to bring your excitement and technical expertise to deliver high quality work and continuously improve the ways we can better leverage Big Data Analytics and Machine Learning. Most importantly you should brings new thinking, love technology, and be excited to help us take our vision to the next level. This is just the beginning of Big Data Analytics and Machine Learning and we need you to help us define the future and get us there – a huge opportunity awaits! Responsibilities Role Specific Responsibilities • Build, design and implement high-volume, high-scale responsive web front ends, web APIs, data analtycs and machine learning solutions in the cloud • Bring new ideas in cloud, big data, and machine learning software development • Leverage industry knowledge and stay close to technology developments in the open-source and cloud communities • Collaborate with cross-functional teams • Practice and enforce Agile and Scrum development methodologies Qualifications Education: Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent Years of Experience: at least 5 years Qualifications • BS or higher degree in Computer Science/Engineering or related field • Solid foundation in data structures, algorithms, design patterns and strong analytical and problem-solving skills. • Solid foundation in building large enterprise scale server applications including APIs, Batch Jobs, parallel and distributed processing modules. • Must have experience building systems on AWS(Amazon Web Services) and/or Microsoft Azure (various PaaS components). • Hands-on experience with Java or Csharp with dotnet core (a major plus if experience with R, Scala, and Go) • Understanding or experience with any of the following: distributed and parallel systems, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, developing large systems, and/or security • Experience with designing and building modern user interfaces using React, HTML5, CSS, Javascript, Redux/Flux, Peg.js, Quill.js, and NodeJS • Experience with designing and building using micro-services architectural pattern, web APIs using dotnet core & Csharp, Javascript with Node.js etc. • Experience in as many of the following :- o Experience with many of the following from the Microsoft Azure: Data Lake, Machine Learning, SQL Data Warehouse, SQL Streaming Analytics, Bot Framework, Cognitive Services, Data Catalog, Data Factory, Power BI, KeyVault, Azure AD, Azure SQL, AppInsights o Experience with HDInsight, Spark, (a major plus if experience with Storm, Kafka, etc.) o Experience with MongoDB, Redis, and ShareDB o Experience with queue-ing technologies, such as RabbitMQ and JobServer o Experience with R o Experience with Kubernetes and Docker o Experience with monitoring technologies such as New Relic and Microsoft OMS • Outstanding communicator with both business and technology audiences • Knows what is possible using latest technologies (open source, data stores, algorithms, etc.) • Extensive experience working across teams and operating in an Agile Scrum culture • Experience with continuous delivery and using agile techniques • Firm sense of accountability and ownership • Passionate for making things better and driving action • Desire to understand our businesses and users • Experience with statistical platforms is a major plus, such as R, SAS, and Informatica • Experience with other visualization tools is a major plus, such as Tableau
RPA Architect: RPA and ML / AI;Conneqt Business Solutions Limited;India;10-13 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Role and Responsibilities This role will be Leader RPA CoE Team with complete accountability of defining, delivering, managing and growing RPA practice Will be required to work on business process automation platforms, develop new solutions, and enable adoption of automation solutions across Enterprise Manage teams of RPA developers to deliver multiple RPA projects / initiatives at client side and enterprise side Driving the adoption of best practices around coding, design, quality and performance of Partner with our customers to identify the best customized solution that meets their requirements in terms of RPA strategy on an enterprise level Responsible for Architectural decisions in designing and implementing Applications Support in build Reusable Architectures, Solutions, Repositories and best practices as CoE Assets and IPs reducing key man dependencies and creating robust framework of knowledge management and L&D Skills and Experience Experience in RPA tools, related Tools (ML, NLP, Extraction) to build end to end solution Experience/exposure to Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning, and Artificial Intelligence tools Exposure to defining Enterprise level automation Architecture and ability to design and evaluate overall Architecture of the automation solutions Hands on development experience in Microsoft DOTNET technologies or Java Technologies with inclination towards hands on Architect Proficient in System Analysis and Design on all aspects Overall l 10+ years of experience including Hands on in Technology preferably Enterprise Automation and Automation Experience (RPA, AI, ML, Business Analytics) of more than 3+ years. Hands-on development experience in any of the programming languages/platforms DOTNET / VB / VC++ / C++ / J2EE experience in Microsoft stack is highly preferred. Ability to lead a team of developers and testers (up to 5 team members) and implement automation solutions independently. Engineering Graduate with required exp and certifications
Hiring for IOS Mobile Developer @ Gurgaon;Jobs Territory;Bengaluru / Bangalore;0-4 Years;Not Specified;What is expected of you? Develop and test software solutions to address business issues Troubleshoot system and code level problems quickly and efficiently Be a Fast learner: You thrive on learning new technologies and do not believe in one--fits-all solutions. Preferred Background: (if you have 80% or more of these, we would like to talk to you) Technical Degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering 2-5 years’ experience designing and building software applications (frontend and backend) using Agile methodologies (e.g. SCRUM) for IOS Proficiency with IOS programming using Swift, Objective-C Good understanding of HTML, CSS Good knowledge of Testing tools/Frameworks e.g. X Code Good knowledge of Database Technologies like SQLite, SQL Server, MySQL Good knowledge of Data structures and Algorithms Good to have knowledge of latest frameworks like Node.js, Express.js, React native Proficiency with utilities e.g. Mixpanel / Firebase, Optimizely as well as exposure to DevOps tools e.g. Sentry Exposure to building solutions based on Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning and NLP etc. Location: Gurgaon More details contact : Rashida 8169009592 [HIDDEN TEXT]
DBA;TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;7-10 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Responsible for Administration and support of Domino Data Labs platform • Responsible for user, environment, hardware tier administration on the Data Science platform • Ensure overall health of the Domino Data Labs platform • Designs solutions to reduce the operational and management complexity of the platform • Designs, implements, and maintains platform security • Serves as a support engineer for production and/or platform issues. • Establishes best practices and guidelines for usage of the Data Science platforms • Be able to translate a customer’s business needs to a specific analytical solution. • Have a firm understanding of the capabilities of the various software analytical procedures • Be a thought leader in the area of analytics/data science with respect to entity resolution as it pertains to the customers mission • Performs platform capacity planning and management • Develop wrappers for Python/R models and deploy machine learning models to production • Develop solution to monitor platform health/utilization and ensure continuous availability • Perform product version upgrades and patches across environments without disruption • Network and system troubleshooting w/both vendors and partners as required • Maintain documentation and playbook for both daily operations and Disaster Recovery • Maintain written documentation of all work performed. • Have a customer-focused demeanor, effective oral and written communication skills. • Specific Technical Requirements – Firm understanding of open source products, the skill set of team needed to support consulting needs on Linux, Ubuntu. • Python, Anaconda, Jupyter Notebook, R, RStudio, TensorFlow, H2O etc. Minimum Requirements • 3+ years of experience in the infrastructure services • 3+ years of experience in Data Science platforms administration • 7+ years administrative experience with Linux (Red Hat, Other Linux distribution) • Experience with Python, R, Java or other programming skills • 7+ years’ experience in shell scripting.
Database Administrator;TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;10-12 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Primary Responsibilities • Responsible for Administration and support of Domino Data Labs platform • Responsible for user, environment, hardware tier administration on the Data Science platform • Ensure overall health of the Domino Data Labs platform • Designs solutions to reduce the operational and management complexity of the platform • Designs, implements, and maintains platform security • Serves as a support engineer for production and/or platform issues. • Establishes best practices and guidelines for usage of the Data Science platforms • Be able to translate a customer’s business needs to a specific analytical solution. • Have a firm understanding of the capabilities of the various software analytical procedures • Be a thought leader in the area of analytics/data science with respect to entity resolution as it pertains to the customers mission • Performs platform capacity planning and management • Develop wrappers for Python/R models and deploy machine learning models to production • Develop solution to monitor platform health/utilization and ensure continuous availability • Perform product version upgrades and patches across environments without disruption • Network and system troubleshooting w/both vendors and partners as required • Maintain documentation and playbook for both daily operations and Disaster Recovery • Maintain written documentation of all work performed. • Have a customer-focused demeanor, effective oral and written communication skills. • Specific Technical Requirements – Firm understanding of open source products, the skill set of team needed to support consulting needs on Linux, Ubuntu. • Python, Anaconda, Jupyter Notebook, R, RStudio, TensorFlow, H2O etc. Minimum Requirements • 3+ years of experience in the infrastructure services • 3+ years of experience in Data Science platforms administration • 7+ years administrative experience with Linux (Red Hat, Other Linux distribution) • Experience with Python, R, Java or other programming skills • 7+ years’ experience in shell scripting.
Senior Cloud Architect - SmartHome Solutions;GE appliances (A Haier company);Hyderabad / Secunderabad;5-7 Years;Not Specified;Senior Cloud Architect - SmartHome Solutions  Role Summary / Purpose:  The successful candidate will be a highly technical member of a small team leading product innovation, new technology adoption and cloud strategy in the IoT domain. The successful candidate should have a broad and deep software engineering skill set, can both architect and independently deliver on hands-on tasks and has a passion for automation and continuous improvement. Job Location: Hyderabad Essential Responsibilities:  • New technology adoption delivering new capabilities and driving value attainment for consumers. • Responsible for strategic direction, evolution, design, documentation, implementation, validation and support critical for IoT applications/frameworks. • Providing leadership, motivation and direction to IT for all issues and planning touching SmartHome Solutions IoT application landscape. • Proactively driving SmartHome Solutions architecture and on-going evolution ensuring maintenance of current stability, reliability, performance, flexibility, and capacity. • Driving compliance with industry best practice for system implementation and technical architecture standards. • Act as an architect and designer of central applications. • Plan, scope, , architect, design, prototype, and engineer solution components. • Hands-on engineering of difficult and complex sections of the application. • DevOps - Ownership of the full lifecycle of the platform: brainstorming, development, delivery, maintenance and decommissioning. Drink your own Champaign. • Deliver solutions using (but not limited to) the following technologies: Java, Node.js, React, Puppet, PHP, AWS, Machine Learning, Bash, Linux, Jenkins, HTML, JavaScript, Git. • Produce detailed functional and technical software specification documents for scalable applications. • Help establish and drive best practices for maximum code reuse, testability, application integration, performance, reliability, manageability and security. • Design and develop re-usable components and operational strategies in the cloud to support scalability, high availability, performance, monitoring, backup, restore, etc. • Work on a high velocity team that is expected to deliver solutions in a few weeks from concept to delivery. • Ability and willingness to rapidly embrace new technologies. • Deep passion for driving change. • Take an automation first approach to streamline processes. • Assist with incident response, troubleshooting, root cause analysis, and problem resolution. • Build and maintain an automated DevOps delivery/deployment model to enable continuous release of software into cloud environments. • System availability and uptime, capacity planning, maintenance scheduling, and disaster recovery. • Perform software upgrades and installations as required in support of cloud strategy and business priorities Qualifications/Requirements:  • Bachelors Degree in Computer Science/Engineering or related field or 5+ years of experience in software development in lieu of a degree. • At least 4 years of experience in management of large application landscapes and infrastructures. • Expertise in Amazon Web Services technologies. • Expertise in NoSQL DBMS. • Familiarity with Structured and Object-Oriented Software Development Methodologies including Requirements Analysis, Object Orient Analysis, Process and Data Modeling, Logical and Physical system design. • Familiarity with software and Infrastructure Change Management, Release Management, and Source Code Configuration Control including knowledge of CI/CD tools and processes. • Strong experience performance tuning applications. • Experience in Unix/Linux, Apache, Tomcat, Java. • Experience using standard tools and techniques (ssh, bash, unix scripting, sed/awk, perl, etc). • Experience with an IT automation platforms and VCS like Chef, Puppet, Jenkins, Git • Experience in issues associated with cross-platform integration. • Ability to reason through complex situations with strength in identifying and mitigating risks. • Ability to build / maintain strong relationships, effectively partner with peers, and possess excellent verbal / written communication skills. • Proven ability to effectively utilize teams from globally remote locations. • Strong prioritization skills required to manage all in-flight and pending tasks appropriately. • Demonstrated experience of automating processes at scale. • Desire to continually learn. Desired:  • Experience training and maintaining Machine Learning models using various ML frameworks. • DevOps certified. • Amazon Web Services certification. • Expertise in Agile Software Development. • Expertise in application frameworks. • Expertise in application testing technologies. • Analytics experience with large amounts of real time data.? • Leadership experience with proven track record for leading global matrix teams, inspiring and empowering team members. • Change agent with the ability to interact and influence business clients at all levels.? • Strong strategic thinker who can translate strategies into solutions with concrete actions & tactical plans. • Self-starter with an ability to solve problems with little or no direction. • Familiarity with and experience implementing Open Source Software • Comfortable making local decisions when needed • Strong analytical and problem solving abilities • Process-oriented and committed to superior quality and customer service
Senior Software Engineer I - Bangalore;Microchip Technology India Private Limited;India;5-8 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Job Description The Senior Engineerwill be immersed in writing technical specifications and designing and developing programmed solutions, unit testing according to specifications, resolving urgent incidents, participating in work sessions with functional teams including but not limited to accounting/finance, operations, and product-line business units, and supporting custom report writing, data manipulation and displaying data to end users. You will be integral to improving performance in Finance through automation across different projects requiring a portfolio of technologies to unlock the full opportunity.The Finance group is one of the key strategic and operationalfunctions of Microchip, with an important contribution to the companys revenue, customer growth, innovation, and obviously reporting of results of operations and financial position. The right individual will be self-driven, positive, and able to amplify the talents of others. Essential Functions: Analyze, predict and develop software solutions for Finance projects based on voluminous data from multiple applications/data sources. Ability to creatively use data sets to solve business problems, including automation of historically manual Finance & Accounting processes and reporting activities. Knowledge of the fundamentals of machine learning and predictive analytics. Create efficient forecasting models with the use of artificial intelligence and various machine learning methods. Experience with big data and analytics systems: Python, Tableau, Hadoop, SparkSQL, PowerBI, etc. Enable structured and logical data visualization and machine learning projects using Tableau. Design scalable, secure and responsive systems under high load which can be used to gather information from various microchip sites and sub-con locations, e.g., gathering physical inventory count from all sites. (Better productivity and enhanced user experiences adds value to the organization.) Work on different ETL processes for integrating data, create consolidated reporting by collecting data from various MCHP/MSCC systems. Proficiency in querying and manipulating large datasets for analytics using SQL-like languages. Automation of various Finance processes. Experience in web development using Csharp and ASPDOTNET is a plus. Ability to work with remote team.  Job Requirements Job Requirements: Preferably a Masters Degree, PhD, or extensive (5+ years)experience in Computer or Applied Science or other technical related field. Coursework or experience in artificial intelligence, machine learning, computer architecture, data mining,statistics and economics, and applied mathematicsis beneficial. * Experience with two or more of the following programming languages including but not limited to Python, Csharp, C, C++, Java, Javascript, etc. * Experience with two or more of the following software/libraries: Tensorflow, SparkSQL, Apache Spark/Hadoop, PostgreSQL * Experience with data visualization including Tableau, Power BI, Looker, etc. * Conceptual, logical and physical data modeling and architecture knowledge
Technical Project manager;TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;10-13 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Job Description: Senior Advisor Program Management – IT Overall 10-12 years of work experience and 5yrs of experience as a Programme Manager or Technical Programme Manager Key Responsibilities: •Overall responsibility for the timely and effective delivery of one or more digital transformation projects to meet agreed upon program objectives •Overall responsibility to research and conduct proof of concepts of emerging technologies such as but not limited to mobility, machine learning, cognitive and artificial intelligence •Facilitate sprint planning, sprint review and retrospective sessions for assigned work streams •Facilitates the creation of project management reports and metrics that is consistent across the program - Educate stakeholders on the use of metrics to assess productivity and progress - Transparent artifacts - Presentation and distribution of key measurements to stakeholders •Foster and promote continuous process and practice improvements within the team and across the program. - Work with other scrum masters and program/project managers to drive best and consistent practices across teams •Coordinate and integrate the efforts of external resources/teams - Identify, communicate requirements and request/schedule efforts from other teams including but not limited to Middleware, Network, Security, Deployment, TCoE, Support and application teams with sensitivity to their processes, priorities and timelines. - Work with other team leads to integrate or modify disparate processes for seamless integration - Proactively identify and work to remove other resource impediments •Effective and timely stakeholder communications •Work with the PMO to promote alignment and adoption of best practices •Own automation development life cycle and develop automation as per project plan •Helps the teams in understanding and analysis automation opportunities •Drives automation innovations in collaboration with the other teams •Define & build the automation/workflow solutions to manage distribution, release & deployment Desired Skills and Experience: •10+ years of relevant experience in software development and project management •5+ years of experience in project managing enterprise wide application development programmes such as Siebel, Salesforce.com etc. •2+ year hands on experience working on emerging technologies and process such as Pivotal, Xtreme programming , Agile •Facilitate sprint planning, sprint review and retrospective sessions for assigned work streams •Facilitates the creation of project management reports and metrics that is consistent across the program •Strong technical, interpersonal, negotiation, communication, presentation, documentation and problem solving skills •Ability to act independently, take initiative and drive tasks and issues to resolution. •Should have designed, developed automation framework, and improved automation frameworks. •Ability to translate functional requirements into detailed test design scenarios, test cases and automation scripts. •Good working knowledge on application like Siebel, Salesforce, Oracle technology. •Experience of creating flow chart based on business process understanding Technical Skills – Required: •Hands on project management experience implementing software / analytics projects •Understanding of SDLC (Software development life cycle) •Hands on experience on emerging technologies and process •ITIL / PMP/CSPO/CSM/PRINCE2 certification added advantage Education Required: Bachelors OR Master’s degree or equivalent in technical stream Experience Required: 10-12 Years
GM - Analytics;Golden Opportunities Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;11-15 Years;Not Specified;Description Head of Analytics - Data Scientist Job Description: Must have 7 to 10 years of experience in a position monitoring, managing, manipulating and drawing insights from data and leading analytics team and orchestrating analytics project deliveries. Excellent working knowledge of predictive analytics and data handling (data collections, data mapping, data manipulation and data transformation). Collecting data from multiple data systems on premises, production applications and cloud-based data sources. Should have creativity to maximize the use of available data in the situations of data scarcity Strong SQL skills, ability to perform effective querying involving multiple tables and subqueries. Experience and knowledge of statistical modeling techniques such as GLM multiple regression, logistic regression, log-linear regression, variable selection, etc. Experience in Machine Learning models for classification purposes, time series data analysis and modeling, boosting techniques, ensemble methods Experience in dealing with unstructured data, text mining, and driving NLP based solutions using deep learning Strong problem solving, quantitative and analytical abilities. Strong ability to plan and manage numerous processes, people and projects simultaneously. Excellent communication, collaboration and delegation skills. Programming skills with querying languages: SLQ, SAS, R, Python etc. Experience with big data tools would be an added advantage. Experience with data visualization tools: Tableau/Power BI etc. would be an added advantage
Software Architect – Video Analytics;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Chennai, Mumbai;10-14 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Job Description Experience in Embedded Systems Algorithm Development in Image Processing,Video Analytics such as Motion Detection, Object Detection,Object Tracking,Face Detection etc Exposure to Machine Learning, Inferencing etc Excellent Programming Skill C,Python
Data Engineer;TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;10-12 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : • Build data processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata and dependency across modern Developer tools used for Planning, CI/CD and Could Foundry • Collect and transform unstructured data into actionable insight (ETL, Machine learning, stat tool, math) • Contribute to improve Process and reduce overall issues via algorithmic solution (Python) • Provide Deep expertise on data sources, required transformations, quality, consistency, velocity, access • Establish relationships with key business partners/Points of Contact to accelerate issues fix • Develop and Maintain self-service capabilities for Business KPI drill-down needs (OLAP, TOLAP, Python)
Product Designer Senior;TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;7-10 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Position Description: To create chatbot/virtual assistants using latest AI technologies and tools Skills Required: 1. Hands on experience in User experience designing 2. Experience/Exposure in AI technologies including machine learning, natural language processing, chatbot, etc. 3. Experience in integrating chatbots with other systems including RPA bots 4. Excellent communication and documentation skills Skills Preferred: N/A Experience Required: 1. Hands on experience in User experience designing 2. Experience/Exposure in AI technologies including machine learning, natural language processing, chatbot, etc. 3. Experience in integrating chatbots with other systems including RPA bots 4. Excellent communication and documentation skills
Java Full stack Developer/java/Java Developer;Procure Techstaff Private Limited;Kolkata;2-5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description for Java Full Stack Developer 1. Contribute in all phases of the software development life cycle. 2. Write well designed, testable, thread safe and efficient code as per recommended best practices in order to perform under high load conditions. 3. Prepare and produce releases of software components and deploy in QA, production and other environments. 4. Prepare RESTful webservices and provide relevant documentation on expected parameters and return complex JSON structures to connected clients while ensuring adherence to REST API standards. 5. Create DAO components with performance optimized SQL queries to interact with database. 6. Provide production/QA/vendor support in case of issues reported by debugging, perform root cause analysis and providing short term workarounds and longer-term solution. Required Candidate Profile Skills  1. Excellent communication, teamwork, and interpersonal skills. 2. Strong analytical capability and problem-solving skills. 3. Computer Science knowledge (data structures & algorithms) 1. Technical (Essential)  a. Strong skills in Core Java, Javascript, Ajax, jqyery, HTML, CSS b. Strong development experience in J2EE / Java 1.5 and above c. Strong development experience in Web/Application Servers d. Strong SQL Knowledge using MySQL/Oracle e. Excellent grasp of standard SDLC / JIRA development 2. Technical (Desirable)  a. Good experience in Spring MVC, Spring IOC, Spring REST, Sprint Boot b. Good experience of Hibernate/JPA. c. Knowledge of AWS d. GIT Code Repository e. Knowledge of Bootstrap 4 f. Knowledge of Spring Microservices: Spring Cloud, Service Register, Load Balancing, Circuit Breaker Location: Kolkata Experience: 2 years + Salary: Negotiable (Based on current CTC) Contact person: Banhi Ghosh - 6292117070 [HIDDEN TEXT]
Client Consulting Partner - Analytics;Wipro Limited;Kolkata;1-3 Years;Not Specified;Proven track record in consulting sales preferably Customer Experience, Business Acceleration, or EA Services sales to Fortune 500 level15+ years of consulting sales experience in HealthCare, Pharma, Life Sciences Deliver specialized solutions, characterized by high performance and innovation, using a combination of consultancy, software and hardware Excellent consulting skills, experience in influencing change, negotiating and selling Demonstrate the ability to build and expand on new relationships Previous P&L accountability and revenues / order booking targets for teams of 20-40 consultants. Keen eye on emerging Technology and Architecture trends and their potential impact on tomorrows business Ability to study organizational mission, goals and drivers, confer with senior executives and synthe the IT capabilities required to address business needsThis role will require extensive travel across the assigned country and possible international travel. Candidate should be proficient in English with a secondary language skill that are appropriate to either US or EU sales roles.
Offsite & Utilities Manager from Fertilizer Industry - Brunei (Overseas);Seekout Online;Malaysia, Other International;26-35 Years;1500000-3000000;Dear Candidate , Greetings!!! One of our EPC MNC client are looking for Offsite & Utilities Manager from Fertilizer Industry Seekout Online...... is an organized head hunters and staffing partner specialized in Oil & Gas, Power, Offshore in design engineering and construction area. To know more about us visit our website http://www.seekoutonline.com which will update you about our services and activities Industry: - Fertilizer Job Location: - Brunei (Overseas) Type of Job: - 5-year Contract Experience: - 15+ yrs Department: - Production – Offsite & Utilities (O&U) Reporting Functional / Disciplinary: - Production Manager Purpose / Mission Achieve safe and efficient production of utilities (e.g. electricity, water, steam, compressed air, nitrogen etc.) as per plan with minimum of unplanned shutdowns in compliance with HSE and statutory requirements. Main Tasks § Ensure achievement of planned production of O&U in terms of quality and quantity. § Responsible for leading the O&U Production Team § Implementation of Operation Processes, Procedures & Working Documents and their further optimization, correction and improvement. § Planning and Workflow Management for Operations. § Operations Risk Analyses & Mitigation. § Execution of Operations as per tk standard processes, as customized for this particular plant and within the budget with support of back office team as required. § Implementation of & Compliance with QHSE Program within O&U Plant. § Development, Implementation, Validation & further Improvement of Corrective & Preventive Actions (CAPA) as well as for Improvement Measures. § Responsible for the Mass & Energy Balancing. § Assist Production Manager for preparation and follow up for yearly budget. § Plan, monitor & control annual expenditure, optimize expenses without adversely affecting performance. § Managing the personnel in O&U Production Team with respect to attendance, leaves, allocation, utilization, evaluation, development, emergency management etc. as per Contract Administration guidelines. § Responsible for compliance with all applicable statutory requirements, standards, regulations and laws. Candidates meeting the above profile can rush their detailed CV immediately to [HIDDEN TEXT] or call on + 91-9321182947 / Landline:- 022-49748434 which should incorporate the following :- 1.Present Location 2. Present CTC 3. Expected CTC 4. Notice Period 5. Total Experience 6. Skype ID 7. WhatsApp no. 8. please attach Valid passport copy Contact Person - Ms. Sheetal
Python Developer;TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;6-8 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : As Python Developer, you work closely with development teams to ensure accurate integration of artificial intelligence/machine learning models into firm platforms. You will contribute to application testing and provide customer focus to produce high quality products globally. This role reports to the IT Sr. Manager. Role Responsibilities • Work as an independent yet integral member of a team to develop innovative and creative AI / ML solutions for Dell Applications, specifically related to EIS Organization. • Develop and maintain high quality Python code under Linux for implementing AI/ML solution • Writing reusable, testable, and efficient code • Design and implementation of low-latency, high-availability, and performant applications • Integration of user-facing elements developed by front-end developers with server side logic • Implementation of security and data protection • Participate and contribute in complex and challenging technical projects • Possess strong interpersonal skills and consistently demonstrate ability to work in a team environment and with cross-functional global teams • Aid in the design, build and implementation of AI solutions for our proof of concepts and experiments, including working closely with external vendors to implement AI solutions • Effective verbal/written communication along with strong interpersonal skills. Team player • This position is responsible for timely and accurate completion of other tasks as defined by the Manager. Requirements • Bachelor of Science in Information Technology or equivalent with 6+ years of overall IT experience • 2+ years of strong python programming experience • Experience in developing and implementing AI business solutions using Python is preferred • Experience with TensorFlow, Keras, preferred • Excellent academic qualifications is essential with a strong preference for a post graduate qualification.
Senior Software Development Engineer;TMaximus;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;4-6 Years;Not Specified;Job Description: Qualifications and skills that we are looking for in you   Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering or equivalent  4 to 6 years work experience as a Developer  Ability to align development activities with Business Requirements  Strong Fundamentals in Computer Science including Data Structures and Algorithms  Good Experience in Server-side Technologies  Strong Working Knowledge of Shell Scripting using LINUX and scripting using languages like Perl / Python / R  Working Knowledge of SDLC including build, test and deploy tools  Working Knowledge of Java / J2EE  Hands on exposure to design  Strong Analytical and Troubleshooting skills  A passion for writing well designed and testable code  Good communication skills and team player qualities
Software Architect- Video Analytics;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Delhi, Pune;10-14 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Job Description Experience in Embedded Systems Algorithm Development in Image Processing, Video Analytics such as Motion Detection, Object Detection, Object Tracking, Face Detection etc Exposure to Machine Learning, Inferencing etc Excellent Programming Skill C,Python
Software Engineer;Euler Systems;Mumbai City;1-3 Years;1600000-2000000;Responsibilities: Involve in all aspects of the application development lifecycle: development, QA, documentation, implementation and integration. Drive adoption of best practices in code health, development productivity, and maintainability.Analyze and decompose complex software systems and collaborate with cross-functional teams to influence design for engineering excellence. Minimum qualifications: BS/BE degree in Computer Science from top tier college or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.Work experience in building scalable full-stack development experience. Fresh graduates from college are also welcome.Excellent coding skills in one or more general purpose programming languages including but not limited to: Python, PHP, C/C++, Java. Preferred qualifications: MS/MTech degree in Computer Science from top tier college.Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, or a related technical field.Experience with one or more of the following: Natural Language Processing, text understanding, classification, pattern recognition, recommendation systems, targeting systems, ranking systems or similar.
Hiring for IOS Mobile Developer @ Gurgaon;Jobs Territory;Bengaluru / Bangalore;0-3 Years;Not Specified;What is expected of you? Develop and test software solutions to address business issues Troubleshoot system and code level problems quickly and efficiently Be a Fast learner: You thrive on learning new technologies and do not believe in one--fits-all solutions. Preferred Background: (if you have 80% or more of these, we would like to talk to you) Technical Degree in Computer Science or Computer Engineering 2-5 years’ experience designing and building software applications (frontend and backend) using Agile methodologies (e.g. SCRUM) for IOS Proficiency with IOS programming using Swift, Objective-C Good understanding of HTML, CSS Good knowledge of Testing tools/Frameworks e.g. X Code Good knowledge of Database Technologies like SQLite, SQL Server, MySQL Good knowledge of Data structures and Algorithms Good to have knowledge of latest frameworks like Node.js, Express.js, React native Proficiency with utilities e.g. Mixpanel / Firebase, Optimizely as well as exposure to DevOps tools e.g. Sentry Exposure to building solutions based on Artificial Intelligence (AI), Machine Learning and NLP etc. Location: Gurgaon More details contact : Rashida 8169009592 [HIDDEN TEXT]
DOTNET Professional - Gurgaon;SAW IT Services Private Limited;Delhi, Gurgaon / Gurugram;3-7 Years;Not Specified;We are looking for front end pprofessional with 3-6yrs of Exp for Gurgaon Location  Location : Gurgaon Experience : 3  €“ 6Years Function : Technology - IT & Systems Skills : java, nodejs, python, django, algorithms, multithreading, machine learning   Job Description : Full Stack Developer Responsibilities: Developing front end  in Mobile architecture. Designing  and developing user interactions on Mobile Applications. Developing back end  for Mobile applications. Creating servers and databases for functionality. Ensuring cross-platform optimisation for mobile phones. Ensuring responsiveness of applications. Working alongside graphic designers for design and features. Seeing through a project from conception to finished product. Designing and developing  and integrating APIs. Meeting both technical and consumer needs. Staying abreast of developments in E- Commerce  applications and  related programming languages. Developing, maintaining and updating back- end in Django Admin panels and Relative Dashboards for the E- Commerce Business model
Research Software Engineers – Make Machines Intelligent;CareerXperts Consulting;Bengaluru / Bangalore;1-10 Years;Not Specified;"You’ll work alongside amazing, high-performing colleagues using cutting-edge technology; You’ll work as part of a small, collaborative team with designers, front-end engineers, and back-end engineers to bring new ideas to reality. Develop solutions for large-scale, real-world problems. Define and build multi-purpose, state-of-the-art algorithms for machine learning experimentation on robust, large-scale, parallel systems. You will contribute to the technical culture of the company by defining and maintaining research standards, methods, and best practices. You will join a high impact , distinguished team which has collectively published more than 100 papers in international journals and conferences and been granted over 20 patents. If this sounds like you and you like what you read above, we should talk. Write to [HIDDEN TEXT] to get connected!"
RPA Developer;TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;7-10 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : RPA Developer/Sr. Developer No of vacancy: 4 Years of Experience: Total 4-7 Years [2 years Automation Anywhere Exp. (must)] *CS= Computer Science. IT= Information Technology/Science **BS /BE / B.Tech other than CS/IT branches are not eligible Skillsets 1 (Must have): Strong knowledge in Data Structure and Algorithm Must have 2 years of hands on working knowledge in Automation Anywhere (AA) tool Should have hands on coding knowledge in DOTNET or Java Should have hands on coding knowledge in Java Script or VB Script Should have good knowledge in DBMS and capabilities of writing SQL queries Should have completed 3 Automation Projects using AAWorking knowledge in Citrix / Mainframe Good attitude and open to adopt change Skillsets 2 (Prefer to have): Preferred background knowledge in AI (NLP / Machine Learning / Image Processing) Preferred knowledge in Agile implementation Good to have knowledge in Excel Macro Good to have knowledge in XML, REST APIs, JSON Working knowledge in Oracle or SQL server Have Automation working knowledge in multiple ERPs like Service Now, Peoplesoft etc. Certifications in Automation Anywhere Good communication skills
Google Cloud Engineer;Disys India Private Limited;null;10-13 Years;Not Specified;"Job Description : This is a hands-on Software Developer role with exposure to orchestration technology, CI / CD tooling, network infrastructure, security technology, containers and databases. Youll propose the plan, demonstrating its components to business stakeholders and leadership. Independently perform ideation, create use cases, work with Security Operations to conduct Proof of Concept set up and thereafter formalizing the use to mainstream business. Responsibilities Own and aggressively drive forward specific areas of technology architecture. Provide architectural solutions / designs to project execution teams for implementation. Architecture design of holistic Cloud ecosystem with a focus on Google Cloud Platform capabilities and features Creation of automated tooling for cloud platforms as well as monitoring and alerting purposesTest data inflows and calculated outputs for accuracy Experience with performance testing and tuning Experience with GCP based security hardening including IAM, ACL, firewall rules, data traffic encryption Ability to build cloud architectures and provide prescriptive guidance across network, storage, Big Data Platform Services, serverless architectures, hadoop ecosystem, vendor products, RDBMS & NoSQL databases and security.Compare solution alternatives across both technical and business parameters which support the define cost and service requirements. Qualifications Minimum qualifications: Minimum 10 years experience in the design & implementation of distributed applications using Java technologies Min 1-2 yrs of experience in Google Cloud Platform (GCP) , Experience with Bigtable , Big Query ,Minimum 2 years experience in highly available architecture and solution implementation on GCP and on premise data centersMinimum 1-2 years hands-on experience in architecting and delivering GCP solutionsStrong hands on experience provisioning cloud infrastructure using Deployment Manager or Terraform scripts Experience in establishing GCP foundational environmentsexperience with technologies such as microservices, Java, Python, R, Docker, Kubernetes (GKE) Experienced at producing multi-tier, high-availability architectures in an Enterprise & cloud environment adhering to DR, Business Continuity and availability best practice Experience in working on Cloud Shell and GCP commands gcloud, gsutil etcExtensive experience in GCP IaaS such as GCE, GAE, GKE, VPC, DNS, Interconnect VPN, CDN, Cloud Storage, FileStore, Firebase, Deployment Manager, Stackdriver. Good experience in GCP services such as Cloud Endpoints, Dataflow, Dataproc, Datalab, Dataprep, Cloud Composer, Pub / Sub, Cloud Functions Experience with application and infrastructure management and monitoring tools. Should have a passion for technology and an ability to identify new opportunities for efficiency and productivity. Demonstrated experience with machine learning, high performance computing, artificial intelligence, and algorithm development; experience with Cloud infrastructure and platform services (e.g., virtual machines, network storage,  web application management, serverless computing, orchestration, API management, etc.);GCP Certification - preferred"
Sr. Data Scientist - Customer Service Analytics;Disys India Private Limited;Metro Manila / NCR;5-8 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : · The Data Scientist will support enterprise-level projects to include translating business requirements into analytical constructs and providing analytical insights for effective decision making and communicating effectively to technical and non-technical stakeholders with strong domain expertise and business acumen. Responsibilities: · Supports analytics projects and collaborates with cross-functional stakeholders to complete end-to-end analyses · Conducts advanced statistical analysis to determine trends and significant data relationships, and proactively recommends areas of improvement · Develops complex data sets and predictive models to support key decisions to improve safety, employee engagement, operational and financial efficiency, product quality, and customer satisfaction · Prepares and delivers insightful presentations and actionable recommendations. Educates others on complex analytical findings in basic terms and with storytelling and data visualization · Identifies and evaluates technologies and provides strategic input to advance the organization’s analytics capabilities · Implements new, industry-leading statistical, mathematical, machine learning or other methodologies for modeling or analyses · Utilizes business expertise to translate goals into data-based deliverables, such as predictive models, pattern detection analysis or optimization algorithms · Champions self-service reporting capability and use of business intelligence and statistical tools to advance the analytical capabilities of the organization and use of data to make data-driven decisions · Develops data and analytical processes based Continuous Improvement learnings and practices, including process maps, documentation, and job aids SAP ISU, CRM, and BW experience highly preferred Qualifications Minimum Education and Experience Requirements: · Master’s degree and 5 years of experience working in a data analytical or computer programming function SAP ISU, CRM and BW knowledge · Strong written and oral communication skills · Strong business acumen and utility/energy industry experience
Business Operations;Conneqt Business Solutions Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Job description includes: Creating a detailed business analysis, outlining problems, opportunities and solutions for a business Budgeting and forecasting Planning and monitoring Variance Analysis Reporting Defining business requirements and reporting them back to stakeholders Identify valuable data sources and automate reports / processes Undertake pre-processing of structured and unstructured data Analyse information to discover trends and patternsBuild predictive models and machine-learning algorithms Combine models through ensemble modelling Present information using data visualization techniquesPropose solutions and strategies to business challenges Research and develop statistical learning models for data analysis Keep up-to-date with latest technology trends Communicate results and ideas to key decision makersImplement new statistical or other mathematical methodologies as needed for specific models or analysisOptimize joint development efforts through appropriate database use and project design Others skills required: Experience working with senior decision makers Strong communication / interpersonal skillsProven analytical background Advanced Excel skills Develop and monitor data quality metrics and ensure business data and reporting needs are met. Strong technology, analytical and communication skills are must-have traits and performing operational modelling, a Business Analyst is expected to develop new models that underpin sound business decisions. Should have plenty of experience in forecasting with understanding of key performance indicators.
Software Architect – Video Analytics;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Ahmedabad, Vadodara;10-14 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Job Description Experience in Embedded Systems Algorithm Development in Image Processing, Video Analytics such as Motion Detection, Object Detection, Object Tracking, Face Detection etc Exposure to Machine Learning, Inferencing etc Excellent Programming Skill C , Python
Dotnet Angular JS, MVC,;TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;10-15 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Required Qualifications: Experience working in an Agile / SCRUM environment Experience working on Angular Js, MVC, Web API Demonstrated leadership attributes to inspire and mentor junior developers. Proven track record of engineering complex product solutions and help scaling them in production globally.Penchant for engineering excellence with hands on development experience Strong sense of ownership, urgency, and drive Sharp analytical abilities and quick learner. Unconventional and creative thinking.Proven experience to mentor, lead and champion highest engineering and architecture standards.Experience building customer facing applications deployed on cloud environments (AWS, Azure or similar) Experience with open source MVC frameworks and design patterns Experience working in building eCommerce web software, APIsStartup Experience and entrepreneurial spirit is desired. Ability to appreciate core system design and evolve a Productization perspective. Desired Skills: Experience building public Web Services such as REST, SOAP.Expertise in most of the following  € Web API (MS ASPDOTNET), Csharp, DOTNET Framework, Web Services, HTML5, Angular J S, CSS, JavaScript, JSON, SOAP, REST, Jquery Software development experience with DOTNET and CsharpExperience with SQL and NoSQL Databases such as MongoExperience with machine learning and understanding of fuzzy logic, neural networks or Artificial Intelligence
Data Science DevOps Engineer;Disys India Private Limited;Noida, Faridabad;5-8 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Data Science DevOps Engineer This is a coding / automation role that will require a strong understanding of our product architecture and cloud infrastructure. REQUIREMENTS At least 5 years experience with AWS, Google Cloud, or Azure. (AWS is our cloud of choice, but we will leverage them all).At least 5 years experience with Linux and shell scripting automation in a production environment. At least 5 years experience with CI/CD frameworks, such as GitLab CI/CD, AWS Code Pipeline, Jenkins. At least 5 years experience with deployment automation tools such as Fabric, Chef, Puppet, and Ansible.Hands-on knowledge with containerization technologies such as Docker, Rancher, and Kubernetes.Knowledge of network-based, system-level and application-layer attacks and mitigation methods. Working knowledge of most of these technologies and concepts is required: Microservices architecture and RESTful API design conceptsObject-oriented and functional programming Application Message Queues – RabbitMQ, KafkaAgile Methodologies – Kanban, Iterative Development, Spikes, SCRUMLanguages – Python, Go, Java, Scala, Javascript Data Science Languages – Python, R, JuliaWeb Technologies – Django, Apache, AJAX, REST, RPC/gPRC/Protobuf, FlaskAutomated Testing – PyUnit, Cucumber, Rspec, WATIR, Continuous Integration Frameworks Datastores – Postgre SQL, MongoDB, Redis, Neo4J, Oracle, SQL Server Essential tasks / responsibilities: Application Design and Development (75%) Implement proactive infrastructure changes (using an Infrastructure as Code approach of course!) to achieve a secure, stable and reliable service. Automate provisioning of test environments, build / deployment, software configuration, continuous integration / delivery, and release engineering related tasks.Serve as an expert in areas such as site availability, latency, performance, monitoring and capacity planning.Create and maintain excellent documentation including workflows, procedures, and troubleshooting. Review, evolve and assist with disaster recovery plans on production environments. Build monitoring and alerting solutions to ensure timely notifications on the health of critical systems. Application Development 25% Working with a specific track as a second developer on software development initiatives Required Training / Skills / Competencies: Education / training Required: Bachelors degree in a related field, or equivalent combination of education and technical experience Experience Required: Five years of directly related experience Preferred: Direct experience using object-oriented programming languages, developing web applications, web services, and/or back-end infrastructure for mobile applications
SENIOR MANAGER- CLOUD & ADVANCED TECHNOLOGIES;GE appliances (A Haier company);Hyderabad / Secunderabad;10-15 Years;Not Specified;SENIOR MANAGER- CLOUD & ADVANCED TECHNOLOGIES JOB LOCATION: Hyderabad THE CHALLENGE  The Senior Manager- Cloud & Advanced Technologies will be responsible for driving the Digital  strategy for GEA by ushering in cutting edge technologies to provide competitive advantage and  solving business problems with innovative solutions. This leader will partner with various business  stakeholders to identify opportunities to drive efficiencies and create new business models using  cutting edge technologies & partner ecosystems. This individual shall have a very different thought  process and approach away from the traditional way of solving business problems by questioning the  status quo and overlapping it with emerging industry trends. This leader shall use industry standard  tools and services and demonstrate an Enterprise level Platform approach to solutions. This leader  has to have a good balance of both technology and leadership. This person will make sure that the team delivers on its commitments and project Say-do is met. As  the skills needed on the team will be varied and cutting edge, the leaders will have to make sure the  team stays current or ahead of the curve through POC’s and industry partnerships. One of the key  expectations from this leader would be to setup processes and have long term thinking so that  reusability and modularity of solutions will be an integral part of solutioning. This person should have implemented solutions/platforms in areas of Supply chaing, Manufacturing,  Distribution, Commercial and SmartHome solutions using various AWS and other Cutting edge  technologies. The role will focus on cutting edge technologies such as Machine learning, Artificial intelligence,  Robotics, RPA, OCR, Voice and Imaging/Vision solutions. WHAT YOU WILL DO Responsibilities LEAD AND INFLUENCE  • Leads the team to deliver on projects and usher in new solutions • Brings in Rapid prototyping and entrepreneur mindset • Make sure the team stays current or ahead of the curve of technology and provide cost effective solutions • Bring in outside in perspective to solutioning of business problems and wow stakeholders with more value • Engage with partners to deliver solutions faster and with high quality • Bring in a new way of thinking to help provide effective and low cost solutions that will enable competitive advantage and help develop new business models • Leads the development of an implementation plan for the team based on business strategy and requirements. • Seeks opportunities to highlight how digital business initiatives will potentially impact enterprises economic architecture and metrics. IDENTIFY ECOSYSTEMS AND DEVELOP BUSINESS MODELS • Understands the businesss economic and financial levers that are susceptible to digital transformation, so as to effectively support and guide technology investment decisions. • Designs and constructs future- and current-state business models so as to practically apply new and emerging technologies to drive them. • Details potential competitive threats from digital enterprises that are generally considered outside of your traditional realm of competition.  FOCUS ON STRATEGY AND EXECUTION  • Demonstrates the business value technology as an enabler of strategy formulation, and as support for technology innovation, which drives the organizations top and bottom lines. • Formulates, translates, advocates, supports and executes business strategy to achieve the organizations targeted business outcomes. • Constructs technology-enabled operating models and provide viable options and visibility into execution issues.  RESEARCH AND UNDERSTAND TECHNOLOGY AND NONTECHNOLOGY TRENDS  • Scans the world for major disruptive technology and nontechnology trends (trendspotting) that affect  business. Provides practical advice and best practices to overcome these challenges and successfully delivers the expected business outcomes. • Contextualizes the technology trends based on social, economic, political and other nontechnology  trends. • Leads the analysis of business and operating models, market trends and the technology industry to determine their potential impact on the enterprises business strategy, direction and architecture.  ENABLE ENTERPRISE IDEATION AND INNOVATION  • Tracks and applies innovative and existing technologies, anchoring them in the business model to assess their potential, and use rapid prototyping approaches to evolve innovations. • Runs technology experiments, helping to create new products and services and integrating the best of theses into steady-state operations for the organization.  DETERMINE AND HELP ORCHESTRATE THE DELIVERY OF BUSINESS OUTCOMES  • Guides and advises stakeholders about disruptive technologies and trends. • Determines the relationship between people, processes, information, technology and things of the enterprise, and their relationships to one another and to the external environment. • Works with business peers to develop and present business capability models and roadmaps to facilitate discussion and decision making with stakeholders across the enterprise. • Leads analysis of the business future-state capabilities and future (and current) IT environment to detect critical deficiencies and recommend solutions for improvement and driving the business forward. WHAT YOU NEED TO SUCCEED EDUCATION AND TRAINING  • Masters or Bachelors degree in business, computer science, computer engineering, electrical engineering, system analysis or a related field of study, or equivalent experience. • Seven or more years of experience in at least three disciplines, such as business, information, solution or technical architecture, application development, middleware, information analysis, database management or operations in a multi-tier environment. • Five or more years of business experience in strategic and operations planning and/or business analysis. KEY SKILLS AND KNOWLEDGE  • Knowledge of business models, operating models, financial models, cost-benefit analysis, budgeting and risk management. • Knowledge of platforms & technologies including IOT, Vision systems, robotics, retail commerce etc. • Familiarity with information management practices, system development life cycle management, IT services management, infrastructure and operations, and EA and ITIL frameworks. • Knowledge of business ecosystems, SaaS, infrastructure as a service (IaaS), platform as a service (PaaS), SOA, APIs, open data, micro-services, event-driven IT and predictive analytics. • Exposure and understanding of existing, new and emerging technologies, and processing environments. • Exceptional soft and interpersonal skills, including teamwork, facilitation and negotiation. • Strong leadership skills. • Excellent analytical and technical skills. • Excellent written, verbal, communication and presentation skills. • Excellent planning and organizational skills. • Knowledge of business engineering principles and processes. • Familiarity with basic graphical modeling approaches, tools and model repositories. • Organizationally savvy, and understanding of the political climate of the enterprise and how to navigate obstacles and politics. • Ability to balance the long-term ( big picture ) and short-term implications of individual decisions. • Ability to apply multiple solutions to business problems. • Ability to rapidly comprehend the functions and capabilities of new technologies. • Ready to think, behave and act in an innovative consulting manner to drive the organizations digital business strategies. • Understand and speak the language of the business. • Influential in the organization and a team player. • Effective at driving short-term actions that are consistent with long-term goals. • Trusted and respected as a thought leader who can influence and persuade business and IT leaders • Comfortable, experienced and accomplished at working with business executives, and able to push back in a professional and diplomatic way. • Highly collaborative and supportive of business and of its ideals and strategies. • GE Appliances is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. GE Appliances is an Equal Opportunity Employer. Employment decisions are made without regard to race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, disability, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by law. JOB APPLICATION LINK - https://careers.geappliances.com/job/GEAPUSREQ5075GEAPPLIANCESPROFESSIONALCAREERS/Senior-Manager-Cloud-Advanced-Technologies
Lead UI Engineer – AI / ML – Industry Leaders!;CareerXperts Consulting;Bengaluru / Bangalore;1-10 Years;Not Specified;"You’ll work alongside amazing, high-performing colleagues using cutting-edge technology; You’ll work as part of a small, collaborative team with designers, front-end engineers, and back-end engineers to bring new ideas to reality. Develop solutions for large-scale, real-world problems. Define and build multi-purpose, state-of-the-art algorithms for machine learning experimentation on robust, large-scale, parallel systems. You will contribute to the technical culture of the company by defining and maintaining research standards, methods, and best practices. You will join a high impact , distinguished team which has collectively published more than 100 papers in international journals and conferences and been granted over 20 patents. If this sounds like you and you like what you read above, we should talk. Write to [HIDDEN TEXT] to get connected!"
23rd Nov_Python QA+Dev_BLR_SUS;Arminus Software Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;5-8 Years;Not Specified;"Job Description : Job Description:   JD on Python Dev: Experience: 5+ years Location: BLR No. of Positions: 4 Notice Period: 0-20 days - Strong Python programming (not scripting) experience - Object-oriented programming & design experience - Excellent problem solving and analytical skills - API micro-services architecture and design experience preferred - Data analytics & machine learning experience, a plus - Possess excellent written and verbal communication skills - Strong aptitude for learning new technologies - Ability to estimate work completion required to build an overall predictable plan - Work collaboratively within a team of other engineers and have strong influencing and leadership skills - Generalist technical knowledge within department and working knowledge of major system component interactions; Recognized expert in a portion of product area - Strong generalist understanding of concepts related to computer architecture, data structures and standard programming practices - Develop longer-range project plans and schedules for individual or work for a small team - Creative and analytical approach to problem solving JD on Python QA: Experience: 5+ years Location: BLR No. of Positions: 2 Notice Period: 0-20 days • Experience in API automation testing, web application testing, manual testing concepts. Should be able to contribute in both automation and manual testing • Experience in Python is a must • Good understanding of Agile and scrum practices • Good understanding of web technologies (HTTP, web services, fluency with HTML, CSS/JS) • Experience with development processes like TTD (Test Driven Development) and BDD (Behavior-Driven Development) is desired. • Nice-to-have: Working knowledge of LnP or any tools like Jmeter • Has excellent written and verbal communication skills • Strong aptitude for learning new technologies • Work collaboratively within a team of other engineers and have strong influencing and leadership skills Key Skills:   JD on Python Dev: Experience: 5+ years Location: BLR No. of Positions: 4 Notice Period: 0-20 days - Strong Python programming (not scripting) experience - Object-oriented programming & design experience - Excellent problem solving and analytical skills - API micro-services architecture and design experience preferred - Data analytics & machine learning experience, a plus - Possess excellent written and verbal communication skills - Strong aptitude for learning new technologies - Ability to estimate work completion required to build an overall predictable plan - Work collaboratively within a team of other engineers and have strong influencing and leadership skills - Generalist technical knowledge within department and working knowledge of major system component interactions; Recognized expert in a portion of product area - Strong generalist understanding of concepts related to computer architecture, data structures and standard programming practices - Develop longer-range project plans and schedules for individual or work for a small team - Creative and analytical approach to problem solving JD on Python QA: Experience: 5+ years Location: BLR No. of Positions: 2 Notice Period: 0-20 days • Experience in API automation testing, web application testing, manual testing concepts. Should be able to contribute in both automation and manual testing • Experience in Python is a must • Good understanding of Agile and scrum practices • Good understanding of web technologies (HTTP, web services, fluency with HTML, CSS/JS) • Experience with development processes like TTD (Test Driven Development) and BDD (Behavior-Driven Development) is desired. • Nice-to-have: Working knowledge of LnP or any tools like Jmeter • Has excellent written and verbal communication skills • Strong aptitude for learning new technologies • Work collaboratively within a team of other engineers and have strong influencing and leadership skills"
ENGINEER - ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE;Resource Access Management Solutions Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;5-13 Years;Not Specified;JOB DESCRIPTION Your Mission Our purpose is to provide the intelligent automation platform and services that optimises our business processes through Artificial Intelligence (AI/ML) and Robotics to provide radically simpler customer experiences and banking processes execution. Here, engineering is about delivering a seamless customer experience at scale through working with the rest of the business in an innovative, adaptive and agile way. You will have significant hands on engineering / development experience to drive software delivery excellence and engineering standards for the platform. You will enforce best practices for development teams and help guide the overarching platform architectural needs. As an Engineer, you will be responsible for designing, building, testing and supporting Intelligent Automation solutions and/or our underlying bank infrastructure. Engineers work closely with squad members to ensure outcomes exceed our customers’ expectations. Who are you? You will also a combination of the following specialised skills: · Experience in modern development practices and languages such as Python, Java, Node.js and REST APIs. · Experience in working with Machine Learning frameworks such as Tensorflow, Apache MXNet, H2O, Caffe etc. · Experience working with operations and architecture groups developing scalable and supportable solutions · The ability to diagnose defects / issues across the full stack · Write unit tests, perform code reviews, and be involved with design discussions about architecture, data models, business logic · Attention to detail and strong focus on quality and software engineering excellence · A desire to continuously adopt new techniques / technologies and drive innovation for the Global bank · Experience with continuous integration/delivery. Tooling such as Git/GitHub, Bamboo/Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes/OpenShift, SonarCube, etc. · A thirst and willingness to expand and gain knowledge in new technologies (e.g. Machine Learning / AI) · Experience developing, delivering and operating large scale highly integrated systems · Experience in processes and technology standards · Obsessed with software engineering excellence, new methodologies and leading change ORGANIZATION WRITE-UP The Global MNC Bank has a proud heritage of more than 180 years. Our purpose is to shape a world where people and communities thrive. That is why we strive to create a balanced, sustainable economy in which everyone can take part and build a better life. We employ more than 50,000 people and have our global headquarters in Melbourne. The Global Bank is among the top 4 banks in Australia, the largest banking group in New Zealand and Pacific, and among the top 50 banks in the world. To apply, send your updated resume to OTHER SERVICES OF RAMSOL
IBM BPM Developer;Virtusa Software Services Private Limited;United Arab Emirates;5-10 Years;Not Specified;"IBM BPM Developer  Job Location: Dubai Looking for your next business improvement project? Ready to undertake another complex integration? Here at Virtusa, we have some very unique opportunities that will allow you to shine! The BPM Developer/Architect is a hands-on technical role that works across multiple teams (across multiple business units and external clients) to automate, digitize and transform operational environments. You will participate in all aspects of the software development lifecycle that includes estimating, technical design, implementation, documentation, testing, deployment and support of applications developed for our clients.  Critical responsibilities include:  • Designing and implementing solutions for clients’ business process and workflow, automation and integration needs • Participating in technical planning and requirements gathering phases with SMEs/SAs including designing, coding, testing, troubleshooting, and document engineering software applications. • Detailing business operational redesign at all levels – down to activities and tasks. • Assessing feasibility and ramifications of new business requirements; designing appropriate solutions and recommend alternative approaches when necessary. • Ensuring that technical software development process is followed on the project, familiar with industry best practices for software development. • Developing applications in IBM BPM--based on IBM Integration Designer but demonstrate familiarity with languages. • Adapting and working with team members of various experience level. Qualifications   Bachelors degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, Computer Engineering or in a closely related or equivalent professional experience.  Master’s degree in Management Information Systems (MIS), Computer Science, Big Data or Analytics or equivalent preferred. • Ideal candidates will have 5 years minimum of proven solution skills experience implementing Business Process Management (BPM) or workflow systems. • 5 years with IBM BPM. • IBM BPM expert for Business Process Designs (BPD) and implementation. • BM Integration Designer experience. Management Notation (BPMN) methodology and modeling . • Experience with full software development life cycle. • Excellent programming skills using Java. • Working knowledge of Agile methodology. • Process definition and documentation experience. • Proven ability to analyze business specifications and create technical project scope, test execution plan and test cases. • Hands-on experience with business process improvements or business process re-engineering projects • Ability to work with multiple project delivery teams across company business units and external clients. • Strong communication skills and proven ability to work in a self-directed manner. About Virtusa  Teamwork, quality of life, professional and personal development: values that Virtusa is proud to embody. When you join us, you join a team of 21,000 people globally that cares about your growth — one that seeks to provide you with exciting projects, opportunities and work with state of the art technologies throughout your career with us. Great minds, great potential: it all comes together at Virtusa. We value collaboration and the team environment of our company, and seek to provide great minds with a dynamic place to nurture new ideas and foster excellence. Virtusa was founded on principles of equal opportunity for all, and so does not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, non-disqualifying physical or mental disability, national origin, veteran status or any other basis covered by appropriate law. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need. Learn more at www.virtusa.com."
Big Data Developer - Banking and Capital Markets Staff;M2K Semantic Solutions Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;3-5 Years;Not Specified;Experience: 3-5 years Work Location: Bengaluru Domain: Data Analyst / Data Science / Data Engineering Key Responsibilities: • To design, develop, enhance enterprise applications using Big Data technologies to meet business process and application requirements • To assist in developing data models and data stores, and to industrialize the feeding and deliveries from the integrated data stores (data warehouse, DataMart, data sets) • Build infrastructure optimal extraction, transformation and loading of data from a wide variety of data sources using Spark and programming languages such as Python or Scala • To design and develop the APIs providing access to the data • Provide product and design level technical best practices • Work with the team to build innovative, robust, and easy-to-use features • Building a quality culture • Foster teamwork and lead by example • Participating in internal practice development initiatives Need to work as a team member to contribute in various technical streams of Data and Analytics implementation project • Interact with the onsite teams to build quality work products • Documentation of activities at all stages of SDLC Qualifications: BE/BTech/MCA/MBA Technical Skillset: • Experience working on Hadoop distribution systems (Cloudera /Hortonworks / MapR) • Should have sound knowledge in Hive, Impala, Sqoop, Oozie, HDFS, Hive, etc (Hadoop Ecosystem) • Strong proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive and SparkSQL • Proficiency in Python and Scala programming languages • Should have worked on Databases (MySQL, Oracle, MSSQL) • Experience on Data Integration: Kafka, Sqoop, Nifi, Flink, Talend, Informatica, DataStage, Talend • Experience on Data Processing and Management: HDFS, HBase, Hive, Impala, Cassandra, Mongo DB, Spark, Storm, MPP, MR, Hortonworks-Cloudera Stack • Full understanding of Relational Database Management Systems & ETL • Knowledge of data modelling tools (Power designer, Erwin, or other accepted standard tool), CI/CD Tools (Jenkins, Marvin, GIT) • Experience in ETL on Azure /AWS cloud and Databricks • Reporting and Analytics capabilities: PowerBI, QlikSense, Qlikview, Tableau, Spotfire, SAP BO • Good knowledge of Shell Scripting and Linux • Knowledge of SDLC, Scrum, Agile methodologies • Experience working on Banking and Capital Markets • Self-starter who can work effectively with minimal day-to-day supervision • Strong problem-solving skills & proactive attitude • Client focused with good presentation, communication and relationship-building skills • Up-to-date knowledge of the latest industry regulations and have a keen interest in future technology trends • Should be able to identify profitable opportunities, sell-on at client work, make a significant contribution in supporting a market proposition / capability and wider practice contribution • Should inspire change and make an impact within the team and in a client organisation • Willingness to travel to meet client needs • Prior Client facing skills
TESTING ANALYST;Resource Access Management Solutions Private Limited;India;;Not Specified;JOB DESCRIPTION Roles and Responsibility Analyzing users stories and/use cases/requirements for validity and feasibility Collaborate closely with other team members and departments Execute all levels of testing (System, Integration, and Regression) Design and develop automation scripts when needed Detect and track software defects and inconsistencias Provide timely solutions Apply quality engineering principals throughout the Agile product lifecycle Provide support and documentation Software Tester requirements and qualifications Prior experience as a Software Tester or similar role Ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously Prior experience in data analysis HHS EPLC experience preferred Ability to work in a fast paced environment with minimal supervision Sense of ownership and pride in your performance and its impact on company’s success Critical thinker and problem-solving skills Team player Good time-management skills Great interpersonal and communication skills Organization Write-Up This leading Global IT Company, a leading information technology, consulting and business process services company, and this company, a leader in technology-enabled health, wealth, HR and finance solutions, today announced a long-term relationship which will reshape the HR services industry by providing clients with the breadth and depth of capabilities from the two industry-leading organizations. This strategic partnership[1] will enable the company to accelerate investment in consumer-facing technologies and services across its health, wealth and cloud businesses by leveraging the companys industry-leading strengths in automation, machine learning and data analytics. Additionally, it will acquire and take on responsibility for the services delivered from the companys India locations. It has developed a rich set of technology and delivery capabilities across its India centers located in Gurgaon, Noida, Mumbai and Chennai. This Leading IT company is a leading global information technology, consulting and business process services company. We harness the power of cognitive computing, hyper-automation, robotics, cloud, analytics and emerging technologies to help our clients adapt to the digital world and make them successful. A company recognized globally for its comprehensive portfolio of services, strong commitment to sustainability and good corporate citizenship, we have over 160,000 dedicated employees serving clients across six continents. Together, we discover ideas and connect the dots to build a better and a bold new future. As a leading provider of benefits administration and cloud-based HR and financial solutions, we enhance work and life through our service, technology and data. Our dedicated colleagues across 14 global centers deliver an unrivaled consumer experience for our clients and their people.
Hiring for Principal Software Engineer (Java and Big data)  Drive On 7th Sep 2019 @ chennai;EApps Technologies;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Chennai;6-15 Years;Not Specified;Core Java, J2ee, any big data (hadoop, spark, hive, scala) + Cloud good to have (java with cloud or Java with Bigdata) • 8+ years’ experience in Core Java and Enterprise Java Technologies (J2EE technologies ( Servlets, Java scripts, JPA and Web/UI technologies, Angular, CSS/HTML)) • Solid Experience in the following technologies o Big Data Ecosystems: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka o machine learning, MLlib, Spark, Python o Streaming and Batch Analytics processes • Experience in open source frameworks like Spring IO, Spring MVC, Spring Hibernate, Spring Boot • Experience in following Tools: Eclipse, Maven, Gradle, DB tools, Bitbucket/JIRA/Confluence • Experience with the following Application Servers: Apache Tomcat 6.x, Jboss 4.0 • Can develop SOA services and good knowledge of REST API and Micro service architectures • Solid knowledge of web architectural and design patterns • Knowledge of JavaScript UI frameworks is desirable (backbone, angular, react, etc.) • Solid understanding of software security practices including user authentication and authorization, data validation and an understanding of common DOS and SQL injection techniques. • Experience with profiling, code coverage, logging, common IDE’s and other development tools. • Scripting Languages: JSP & Servlets,XML, HTML, Python and Bash • Familiar with Agile Methodologies – SCRUM and Strong communication skills (verbal and written) • Ability to work within tight deadlines and effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment. • Demonstrated verbal and written communication skills, and ability to interface with Business, Analytics and IT organizations • Ability to work effectively in short-cycle, team oriented environment, managing multiple priorities and tasks • Ability to identify non-obvious solutions to complex problems • Behavioral Attributes o Team player with excellent interpersonal collaboration skills o Strong verbal and written communication o Possess Can-Do attitude to overcome challenges with high energy levels o Self-motivated, directed and passionate
Software Development Engineer;TMaximus;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;2-4 Years;Not Specified;Job Description: Qualifications and skills that we are looking for in you   Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering or equivalent  2 to 4 years work experience as a Developer  Strong Fundamentals in Computer Science including Data Structures and Algorithms  Good Experience in Server-side Technologies  Working Knowledge of Shell Scripting in LINUX / UNIX  Working Knowledge of Scripting Languages like Perl / Python / R  Working Knowledge of Java / J2EE  Knowledge of SDLC and CI including build, test and deploy tools  Strong Analytical and Troubleshooting skills  A passion for writing well designed and testable code  Good communication skills and team player qualities
Software Engineer/DOTNET developer/Software Programmer/DOTNET Programmer;V4U Manpower;Bengaluru / Bangalore;3-5 Years;650000-730000;Desired Skills: • Experience—3 + years of hands-on experience in DOTNET, MVC, Csharp, Entity Framework and SQL Server. • Good experience in Algorithm Development with strong Logical skills required. • Basic knowledge on Machine Learning, Python and R Integrations would be added advantage • Good knowledge in HTML and JQuery required • Excellent knowledge of the tools, techniques, and software, and ability to apply them in developing programs as required • Experience in debugging software • Ability to identify and solve software interface issues • Should be a self-starter and capable of operating on minimal management oversight • Ability to work under pressure to meet agreed deadlines • Passion, energy, and enthusiasm to drive results Please intrested send me the tracker down  Candidate Name : Contact No:  Education : Total Experience : Relevant Experience: Current Company: Current Designation: Current location : Years of exp : Exp in AspDOTNET:  Exp in MVC : Exp in MySQL/SQL Server : Notice period : Billing Rate :60K per month
Sr. Android Developer;MNR Solutions Private Limited;Chennai;4-8 Years;1000000-2000000;Desired Skills  4+ years in developing applications on Android.  Experience working within consumer applications with a high amount of active users.  Strong foundation in computer science, data structures, algorithms and software design.  Worked directly with teams or team members in different time zones.  Graduate in technical discipline (or equivalent working experience)  Plus: Firebase  Good communication Skills  Please attach Play store/ AppStore links of your apps with the application.
Python Developer;Prosum Technology Services;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;3-5 Years;Not Specified;*Local to Phoenix only* REQUIRED EXPERIENCE: A minimum of 3 to 5 years of experience working with Python and Pyspark software Education: Bachelor s (Preferred not Required) REQUIRED SKILLS: Familiarity with HTML/CSS required Familiarity with Javascript required Familiarity with SQL required Familiarity with build and release, and code signing processes Familiarity with development tools such as Git and Jira. Familiarity with Jenkins and developing automated tests in a CI/CD pipeline A deep understanding of computer systems, networks, and protocols Experience in analytic development for OS-agnostic malicious behavior detection including basic techniques such as outlier detection. Knowledge or experience of machine learning applied to the information security domain is a major plus. Security code review, analysis and vulnerability assessment skills Code obfuscation techniques Strong skills in Docker container technology a plus Familiarity with general building of products a plus Familiarity with OpenSSL a plus
RPA Architect: RPA and ML / AI;Conneqt Business Solutions Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;10-13 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Role and Responsibilities This role will be Leader RPA CoE Team with complete accountability of defining, delivering, managing and growing RPA practice Will be required to work on business process automation platforms, develop new solutions, and enable adoption of automation solutions across Enterprise Manage teams of RPA developers to deliver multiple RPA projects / initiatives at client side and enterprise side Driving the adoption of best practices around coding, design, quality and performance of Partner with our customers to identify the best customized solution that meets their requirements in terms of RPA strategy on an enterprise level Responsible for Architectural decisions in designing and implementing Applications Support in build Reusable Architectures, Solutions, Repositories and best practices as CoE Assets and IPs reducing key man dependencies and creating robust framework of knowledge management and L&D Skills and Experience Experience in RPA tools, related Tools (ML, NLP, Extraction) to build end to end solution Experience/exposure to Natural Language Processing, Machine Learning, and Artificial Intelligence tools Exposure to defining Enterprise level automation Architecture and ability to design and evaluate overall Architecture of the automation solutions Hands on development experience in Microsoft DOTNET technologies or Java Technologies with inclination towards hands on Architect Proficient in System Analysis and Design on all aspects Overall l 10+ years of experience including Hands on in Technology preferably Enterprise Automation and Automation Experience (RPA, AI, ML, Business Analytics) of more than 3+ years. Hands-on development experience in any of the programming languages/platforms DOTNET / VB / VC++ / C++ / J2EE experience in Microsoft stack is highly preferred. Ability to lead a team of developers and testers (up to 5 team members) and implement automation solutions independently. Engineering Graduate with required exp and certifications
Head Of Analytics;CareerXperts Consulting;Mumbai;5-8 Years;Not Specified;Experience 5 - 8 Years of Experience Qualification  Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms, such as k-NN, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, etc.  Experience with common data science toolkits, such as R, Weka, NumPy, MatLab, etc  Excellence in at least one of these is highly desirable  Great communication skills  Experience with data visualisation tools, such as D3.js, GGplot, etc.  Proficiency in using query languages such as SQL, Hive, Pig  Good applied statistics skills, such as distributions, statistical testing, regression, etc  Responsibilities
Senior Business Analyst;IEverware Technologies Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;5-10 Years;Not Specified;Job Title: Senior Business Analyst Job Location: Hyderabad Job Type: Permanent Experience: 10 yrs Compensation: Not Disclosed by recruiter Education & Eligibility: B.E, B.Tech (Any Engineering Background), CS Branch, Any Bachelor Degree, M.Tech, MBA, MCA, BCA, Post Graduates, PhD. Business Analyst with good experience in handling teams and projects in web and mobile development. Required Qualifications: • Experience with Agile methodologies • Experience with SaaS/ cloud architecture and delivery model • Experience with Identity and Access Management Products • Experience with industry standard authentication and authorization protocols like OAuth 2. 0, OpenID Connect, SAML, LDAP etc. • Extensive experience of Business Analysis, System Analysis, Data analysis and writing system requirements • Fair Experience on X12, HL7. • Good exposure and experience in Healthcare domain • Hands-on experience of data management and good understanding of data warehouse principles • Worked on BI Suites such as Cogno/ Microstrategy/ SSRS/ Tableau etc. and should have adept knowledge of data modeling, report design and data validation • Experience in validating end to end flow of data in an application • Understanding of software networking infrastructure (Firewalls, Gateways, Load balancers, web servers, forward/ reverse proxy etc. ) • Understanding of Web services/ APIs/ Microservices • Understanding of Transport protocols like HTTP, HTTPS • Knowledge of Payer, Provider and Healthcare data products/ solutions • Proficiency with MS Project and MS Visio, UI design tools • Strong SQL skills and have written complex queries for analysis • Ability to handle Onshore/ Offshore model • Excellent communication skills including the ability to translate technical concepts into marketable benefits Preferred Qualifications: MBA Understanding of Machine Learning algorithms Exposure of healthcare business Note: If you are not looking for a change at this point of time spread the word in your network who might be interested for an opportunity like this. You can send me profiles on  [HIDDEN TEXT] Thanks & Regards Eshwar iEverware Technologies Pvt. Ltd India: 8886600833 Mail ID: [HIDDEN TEXT] | URL: www.ieverware.com Staffing |Consulting |Development |BPO| Training | Digital Services
Appdynamics Architect;Neovatic Technologies Private limited;Chennai;11-15 Years;Not Specified;11-14 years of experience of architecting and implementing IT Operational managements solutions for Application performance management, Infrastructure, Network monitoring. Hands-on experience on installation, configuration of AppDynamics solution at various Clients Hands-on experience in gathering requirements, providing solutions to the requirements. Must be able to develop end-to-end APM solutions. Experience on AppDynamics End user monitoring, Biz-IQ, Dashboard development Hands-on experience in configuring Application monitoring and deployment of various App Dynamics Agents Hands-on experience in configuring End User Monitoring, Biz-IQ, Browser Real User Monitoring Able to configure Database monitoring and Infrastructure monitoring Able to Create custom Infrastructure/Application monitoring dashboards as per the client requirements Experience in integrating AppDynamics with 3rd party applications Experience in IT Operations and Application Support Extensive knowledge on all ITIL processes Implementation experience in AppDynamics Application performance management and analytics solution Strong understanding of built-in O/S monitoring and performance tools Strong understanding of interrelationships between the various infrastructure layers O/S, Application, Network, NAS, SAN Working with a wide variety of platforms and application stacks Ability to understand new application frameworks in customer environments quickly Passionate to work on cutting edge technology and the ability to absorb a wide variety of technologies Knowledge in Machine learning and predictive infra analytics will be added advantage Excellent communication skills.
RPA - Manager;Golden Opportunities Private Limited;Mumbai;10-18 Years;Not Specified;Description RPA Architect Candidate Expectation: Total and Relevant Experience: 10 - 15Years Education and certifications: B.E / B.Tech with MBA Job Description: Experience on either BI / Analytics or RPA / ML / AI frameworks a must, applications running on SQL, exposure to deploying applications on public cloud (AWS, Azure) Solid technical background, with understanding and hands-on experience in software development and web, mobile, middleware and DB technologies Excellent customer facing and internal communication skills Solid organizational skills Attention to detail and multi-tasking skills Strong Agile knowledge & exposure to working in a Devops environment PMP certification is a plus Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Automation Solution architect;Wipro Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;;Not Specified;CIS Automation Practice is a business transformation journey, which encompasses all aspects of Technology Infrastructure automation, from Robotic Process Automation, IT Process Automation and evolves all the way to cognitive, machine learning, intelligent chatbots and artificial intelligence. Intelligent infrastructure automation is highly strategic, with the target of significantly improving the process quality, customer experience and the aim of delivering cost reduction. The practice lead will drive IA as a transformational agent to shift CIS to new ways of working enabling CIS to become software-driven intelligent enterprise, the role holder will provide management and leadership of the practice team ensuring effectiveness and efficiency of resources within the environment, delivering people/talent management.
Data Scientist Embedded Systems Innovation;CareerXperts Consulting;Other India;3-7 Years;Not Specified;Data Scientist - Embedded Systems - Innovation - CareerXperts Consulting Data Scientist Embedded Systems Innovation We are looking for self - motivated scientists & engineers to join our supercharged workplace and build a first generation analytical product. If you are a geek about anything algorithms, math, machine learning, data wrangling/visualizing, high performance computing, scientific computing & tools, or anything else you can convince us about we want to meet you!  You will :  Individual technical contributor with self - drive to understand problem statements and make design decisions own what you do, make your calls, and defend them  Build a first generation analytical software product design, code, test (unit & functional) and maintain the software, while proving that your implementations work  Implement software engineering processes and discipline for fast and reliable development of high - quality software product make the software elegant  Work as a team player in a high performance environment that rewards ownership make your opinion count withing the team and the organization  You Have :  Bachelors or Masters in CS / Electronics from a premier institute with 3 - 7 years of industry experience  Solid design, excellent programming and debugging skills on a Unix - based OS (Ubuntu, Fedora, OSX) and fluency with a DVCS like Git.  Programming Languages: Python, C++ Any of these more the better!  Skilled with python packages: scikit - learn, pandas, numpy and scipy  Understanding of common algorithms and their application in solving real - world problems  Strong mathematical background in linear algebra, optimization and descriptive & inferential statistics  Understanding of machine learning concepts like generalization, regularization, linear models, neural network and expertise with using data to build systems based on machine learning techniques We value intellectual curiosity, open communication and creative thinkers who know how to stand up and be counted.
Software Architect (Backend/Middle) Datasphere;Disys India Private Limited;Kasargod / Kasaragod, Wayanad;10-13 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : The ideal candidate is a highly motivated, creative and versatile individual with experience designing large-scale interactive platforms. He/she has deep experience with SOA, is fluent in Csharp, C++, JAVA, Python, and/or other higher-level languages. Significantexperience?translatingfunctional objectives intodetailed architectural models and specifications. The candidate carries a thorough understanding of applicable technologies with a good understanding and experience with the full development stack. Responsible for working with stakeholder, senior management, and cross functional teams in a matrix organization earning the respect and support of all team members. ·Working with Front-end architects and Back-end Development Managers and Leads to design, (and often code) performant and scalable Solutions ·Work with Development, Product/ProgramManagement, andTest Leadership to plan and deliver on the entire product life cycleensuring trade offs are evaluated, deadlines are met, to deliver high software quality and security ·10+ years’ Experience in Back-end Development ·Significant experience (5+ years) withmanyofthe following technologies: oPredictive Analytics/Machine Learning oNoSQL Databases (Structured/Unstructuredusing Streams, File Systems, Databases, and Distributed File Stores oSQL Databases (MySQL and SQL Server preferred) oStream Analytics oCaching solutions and strategies including Memcached, CouchDB,RedisQ,etc oData Integration and Data Virtualization oExperience with AWS/Google Cloud/Azure using Containerization oData Integration leveraging MapReduce, Hive, Pig, Spark, Mongo, etc. ·Experience with Infrastructure, Hardware, Operating Systems, and security ·Strong foundation in Test-driven development including Unit, Application and Integration testing ·Lead complex programming tasks andperform code reviews ·Experience working with Agile Development Methodologies (Scrum/Kanban) ·Strong communication skills with a track record of working with and collaborating with cross-functional teams ·Ability to influence others and identify best solutions among many stakeholders ·Strong analytical and quantitative skills with the ability to break down and communicate complex issues, ideas and solutions ·Assist project teams with staffing with appropriate resources, including the recruitment of additional developers ·Ensure the back-end development staff is engaged and technically unblocked throughout software development life cycle ·Establish and track metrics related to key performance objectives and service levels ·Encourage a  Best Idea wins, regardless of source
Linux Admin;TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;3-7 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : 3+ years of experience in the infrastructure services • 3+ years of experience in Data Science platforms administration • 7+ years administrative experience with Linux (Red Hat, Other Linux distribution) • Experience with Python, R, Java or other programming skills • 7+ years’ experience in shell scripting.
BI Developer;TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;3-4 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : • You will be responsible for providing the required data engineering capabilities that will enable ingestion and sustaining of these new datasets • Build data processes supporting data transformation, data structures, metadata and dependency across modern Developer tools used for Planning, CI/CD and Could Foundry • Collect and transform unstructured data into actionable insight (ETL, Machine learning, stat tool, math) • Contribute to improve Process and reduce overall issues via algorithmic solution (Python) • Provide Deep expertise on data sources, required transformations, quality, consistency, velocity, access • Establish relationships with key business partners/Points of Contact to accelerate issues fix • Develop and Maintain self-service capabilities for Business KPI drill-down needs (OLAP, TOLAP, Python)
Python Developer;Bloombrainz Consulting Services);Bengaluru / Bangalore;2-6 Years;Not Specified;JD for Senior -Python Developer - 3+ years of experience working on Python Environment - Knowledge on software development methodologies and be able to work on projects individually or as part of a team. should be able to work with AGILE methodology(Scrum-Preferred,KANBAN). - Should be able give insights to the Technical Architect and assist him in evolving the architecture of the system - Knowledge of relational databases, version control tools and other development tools - Strong interest in learning new skills/technologies and curiosity to explore various technologies - Should have strong analytical skills - Good communication Must Require Skills: Python 2/3 version Should have worked on one or more major Python web frameworks like Django. Good Knowledge on data science work bench(DSWB). Worked with APIs development, integration of third-party APIs Working knowledge of MySQL databases integration with Python Environment. Ability to work on frontend technologies(HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AJAX, Jinja2) is preferred. Ability understand the configuration management using Github/Gitlab/SVN – One of the tools expertise is required. Worked in predominantly in development projects, added advantage if worked in maintenance project Should have expert knowledge in code review techniques in Python and should have worked in Code analysis tool like Sonar Cube Should have expert knowledge in one of the continuous integration tools such as Jenkins, Ansible, Maven Knowledge and Experience in Devops and its strategy and added advantage if involved in Devops pipeline set up using any Devops tools (such as Jenkins)
Director - Intelligent Interfaces ( AI );Connect Jobs;Bengaluru / Bangalore;8-15 Years;Not Specified;"PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES: Define and execute the marketing vision and growth strategy for offerings in intelligence automation.Identify market opportunities, value propositions and go to market plans in areas of bots, AI training, virtualized assistants and agent enablement.     Develop product strategy and the way they bring products to market, combining research, positioning, and messaging to maximize adoption. Ensure all content is developed and executed to support revenue objectives and cohesive to the brands and products Product Strategy: Develop product vision and roadmap with key stakeholders to include business case, market sizing, pricing, forecasting and develop product requirements Product Roadmap:Build marketing plans to effectively position services in market including distribution plans, marketing collateral, training and launch plans Product Life Cycle: Drive continuous improvements to their products to include new features, positioning and profitability strategies based on operational performance. Partner with the Market Intelligence, data science, operations and sales teams to evaluate customer journeys and make recommendations for new products and solutions to acquire new clients and better meet the demands of their current clients.     Develop the requirements to support the deployment of a bot platform, training resources, analytics/reporting and support of intelligent interfaces across social, messaging, web, app and other channels.     Evaluate how data from customer interactions can be leveraged to create value to their clients. Including voice analytics, sentiment analysis and propensity modeling.     Lead peers and cross functional evangelism for product strategy. Create requirements and GTM plans that incorporate the needs of stakeholders in sales, business transformation and operations teams.  QUALIFICATIONS 10+ years experience out of which 5Yrs + of extensive experience in commercialization of bots and/or data monetization. Deep experience in assessing new markets, building business plans, designing product requirements and successfully launching new products in a technology or big data fields.     Bachelor’s degree in Business, Computer Science or a related field plus relevant experience required; an advance degree preferred."
Simulation Developer;Golden Opportunities Private Limited;Mumbai;5-10 Years;Not Specified;Description Simulation Developer - Mumbai Candidate Expectation: Skill set: Python, Excel VBA, Optimization tools, R Total and Relevant Experience: 5 to 10 Years Candidates Specification: Educational Qualification: 15 years (10+2+3) of full time regular education is a must. Post-Graduation in Mathematics/Statistics/Operations Research or related fields Fresher?s may apply if they have done 3-4 projects in Any Logic as part of their internship / study assignments / special projects Job Description: Should have hands on experience in Python Should have experience in Excel VBA Should have hands on experience with Optimization tools. Should have worked on modeling techniques like System Dynamics, Agent Based & Discrete Event on modeling tools like Anylogic, Vensim and likes AnyLogic simulation-building or Vensim or Powersim experience should be at least 1 year in building Discrete event, agent-based and system dynamics models Should have familiarity with statistical concepts, analytics, data visualization methods & machine learning techniques Should be open to exploring new tools and techniques for hybrid model implementation Should be open to shifts Good written and verbal communication skills.
Automation Solution architect;Wipro Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;;Not Specified;CIS Automation Practice is a business transformation journey which encompasses all aspects of Technology Infrastructure automation, from Robotic Process Automation, IT Process Automation and evolves all the way to cognitive, machine learning, intelligent chatbots and artificial intelligence. Intelligent infrastructure automation is highly strategic, with the target of significantly improving the process quality, customer experience and the aim of delivering cost reduction. The practice lead will drive IA as a transformational agent to shift CIS to new ways of working enabling CIS to become software-driven intelligent enterprise, the role holder will provide management and leadership of the practice team ensuring effectiveness and efficiency of resources within the environment, delivering people/talent management.
Cloud Leader – Partner Solutions Architect;CareerXperts Consulting;Bengaluru / Bangalore;1-10 Years;Not Specified;"You’ll work alongside amazing, high-performing colleagues using cutting-edge technology; You’ll work as part of a small, collaborative team with designers, front-end engineers, and back-end engineers to bring new ideas to reality. Develop solutions for large-scale, real-world problems. Define and build multi-purpose, state-of-the-art algorithms for machine learning experimentation on robust, large-scale, parallel systems. You will contribute to the technical culture of the company by defining and maintaining research standards, methods, and best practices. You will join a high impact , distinguished team which has collectively published more than 100 papers in international journals and conferences and been granted over 20 patents. If this sounds like you and you like what you read above, we should talk. Write to [HIDDEN TEXT] to get connected!"
Appdynamics  Technical Lead;Neovatic Technologies Private limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;5-8 Years;Not Specified;Experience 5 to 7 years 4-6 years of experience in the implementation of Application performance management tools Hands-on experience on installation, configuration of AppDynamics solution at various Clients Hands-on experience in gathering requirements, providing solutions to the requirements. Hands-on experience in configuring End User Monitoring, Biz-IQ, Able to configure Database monitoring and Infrastructure monitoring Able to Create custom Infrastructure/Application monitoring dashboards as per the client requirements Experience in integrating AppDynamics with other 3rd party applications Knowledge in IT Operations and Application Support and ITIL processes Implementation experience in AppDynamics Application performance management and analytics solution Strong understanding of built-in O/S monitoring and performance tools Working with a wide variety of platforms and application stacks Ability to understand new application frameworks in customer environments quickly Desire to work on cutting edge technology and the ability to absorb a wide variety of technologies Knowledge in Machine learning will be added advantage
Very Critical_SFDC_Einstein_Any location_A/SA/M_Sarvesh;Arminus Software Private Limited;Chennai, Pune;;Not Specified;"Job Description : Job Description:   SFDC Einstein Analytics & Discovery Consultant Must Have: · Salesforce certified Einstein Analytics and Discovery consultant · Salesforce certified Administrator · Data preparation/ELT – to be able to understand source data and advise on ELT transformations to achieve desired data structures for EA; · Dataflow build – to manipulate and join data from Salesforce and external systems in SFDC Native dataflow editor · Salesforce Analytics Query Language (SAQL) - advanced experience of SAQL; · Advanced EA dashboard building skills and a deep understanding of JSON; · Significant UI design experience to advise on the best way to visualize data based on different use cases; · Security modelling experience in Einstein including security predicate and app based security · Einstein Discovery Story build and fitment of the same in Salesforce CRM object · Working knowledge of at least one ETL platform which can be used to load data into EA datasets like Informatica Cloud, Mulesoft, IBM Cast Iron, Talend etc. · Working knowledge of Salesforce CRM architecture and security model · Enable EA solution to be embedded into wider SFDC ecosystem Nice to Have: · Business Analysis skills focusing on analytics and reporting - to help define EA platform vision and specific user stories based on business use cases; · Experience of working with business stakeholders across multiple geographic areas, with different priorities and requirements; · Basics knowledge of statistics and Oracle R · Knowledge of Machine Learning algorithms and predictive modelling will be a plus · Experience of big data and performance optimization of visualizations built on very large datasets · Experience of NOSQL database environments Key Skills:   SFDC Einstein Analytics & Discovery Consultant Must Have: · Salesforce certified Einstein Analytics and Discovery consultant · Salesforce certified Administrator · Data preparation/ELT – to be able to understand source data and advise on ELT transformations to achieve desired data structures for EA; · Dataflow build – to manipulate and join data from Salesforce and external systems in SFDC Native dataflow editor · Salesforce Analytics Query Language (SAQL) - advanced experience of SAQL; · Advanced EA dashboard building skills and a deep understanding of JSON; · Significant UI design experience to advise on the best way to visualize data based on different use cases; · Security modelling experience in Einstein including security predicate and app based security · Einstein Discovery Story build and fitment of the same in Salesforce CRM object · Working knowledge of at least one ETL platform which can be used to load data into EA datasets like Informatica Cloud, Mulesoft, IBM Cast Iron, Talend etc. · Working knowledge of Salesforce CRM architecture and security model · Enable EA solution to be embedded into wider SFDC ecosystem Nice to Have: · Business Analysis skills focusing on analytics and reporting - to help define EA platform vision and specific user stories based on business use cases; · Experience of working with business stakeholders across multiple geographic areas, with different priorities and requirements; · Basics knowledge of statistics and Oracle R · Knowledge of Machine Learning algorithms and predictive modelling will be a plus · Experience of big data and performance optimization of visualizations built on very large datasets · Experience of NOSQL database environments"
Amazon Fresher Openings For - BE BTECH EEE;null;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Chennai;;440000-570000;"Job description Amazon. coms long-term vision is to enable a seamless experience for all Amazon customers worldwide on any Amazon website or device, in any language and for any culture. This extends to make products from any market available in any market. BE,BTECH , EEE ECE  WATSUP TEENA - 9353685404 UR CV Our team is responsible for building next generation services that will re-define international trade at Amazon. We want to improve how shoppers around the world discover and purchase global merchandise. We are building new services responsible for enhancing the international shopping experience. Our mission is to provide a one-stop shopping experience to international customers that includes: TEENA - 9353685404 UR CV Build solutions that reach millions of new customers all over the world, providing them with a world class shopping experience in their local language, payments, and currencies Drive customer experience technology for supporting customers all over the world. Work closely with the business to define the expansion strategy and figure out innovative solutions to help this thriving business continue to its exponential growth About you: Youre looking for a career where youll be able to build, to deliver, and to impress. You build solutions that reach millions of new customers all over the world. You look at problems holistically, and thrive on the intricate complexity of designing feedback loops and ecosystems. You want to work on projects where you are implementing solutions to real problems that require creative solutions and deep understanding of the problem space. You challenge yourself and others to constantly come up with better solutions. You work closely with the business to define the expansion strategy and figure out innovative solutions to help this thriving business continue its exponential growth. About us together: Were going to enable customers from over 77 countries to purchase products on Amazon with guaranteed shipping and import duty fees. We re going to improve this experience by making selection available across all Amazon marketplaces, so that customers can search and browse in their preferred language and currency. Along the way, were going to face seemingly impossible problems. Were going to argue about how to solve them, and well work together to find a solution that is superior to each of the proposals we came in with. Well make tough decisions, but well all understand why. Well be the dream team. The ideal engineer for this space will be highly quantitative, have great judgment and passion for building a great customer experience, be inventive, and have a strong track record of delivery. You also have a pragmatic approach and iterative approach to building software: you have an ability to simplify and get things done with a demonstrated track record of building and delivering software and working effectively with external and internal teams. Questions? You may already know if youre a fit, but perhaps youre worried about technology and experience requirements? Dont be - were looking for smart, proven, engineers; if youre the right candidate, were flexible. Bachelor s Degree in Computer Science or related field Computer Science fundamentals in object-oriented design Computer Science fundamentals in data structures Computer Science fundamentals in algorithm design, problem solving, and complexity analysis Knowledge of, at least, one modern programming language such as C, C , Csharp, Java, or PerlTEENA - 9353685404 UR CV"
Database Administrator;TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;3-7 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Responsible for Administration and support of Domino Data Labs platform • Responsible for user, environment, hardware tier administration on the Data Science platform • Ensure overall health of the Domino Data Labs platform • Designs solutions to reduce the operational and management complexity of the platform • Designs, implements, and maintains platform security • Serves as a support engineer for production and/or platform issues. • Establishes best practices and guidelines for usage of the Data Science platforms • Be able to translate a customer’s business needs to a specific analytical solution. • Have a firm understanding of the capabilities of the various software analytical procedures • Be a thought leader in the area of analytics/data science with respect to entity resolution as it pertains to the customers mission • Performs platform capacity planning and management • Develop wrappers for Python/R models and deploy machine learning models to production • Develop solution to monitor platform health/utilization and ensure continuous availability • Perform product version upgrades and patches across environments without disruption • Network and system troubleshooting w/both vendors and partners as required • Maintain documentation and playbook for both daily operations and Disaster Recovery • Maintain written documentation of all work performed. • Have a customer-focused demeanor, effective oral and written communication skills. • Specific Technical Requirements – Firm understanding of open source products, the skill set of team needed to support consulting needs on Linux, Ubuntu. • Python, Anaconda, Jupyter Notebook, R, RStudio, TensorFlow, H2O etc. Minimum Requirements • 3+ years of experience in the infrastructure services • 3+ years of experience in Data Science platforms administration • 7+ years administrative experience with Linux (Red Hat, Other Linux distribution) • Experience with Python, R, Java or other programming skills • 7+ years’ experience in shell scripting.
Java Big Data Engineer;Disys India Private Limited;Noida, Faridabad;5-8 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Position Details: Client: Financial & Banking Job Title: Java / Big Data Engineer & Senior Java  Big Data Engineer (2 Positions) Location: Phoenix, AZ Duration: 6+ Months + Contract to Hire Required Skills: Java, Scala OR Python, REST API, Big Data (MapReduce, HDFS, Hive), Distributed Systems, machine learning, Agile/ Scrum Required Skills: · 5+ years of proven, hands-on experience with Object-Oriented Design and development using a variety of languages like Java, Scala, Python. · Must have experience with Big Data Components/ Frameworks - Hadoop, HBase, HDFS,  Pig, Hive, Spark etc. · BS or MS degree in computer science, computer engineering, or other technical discipline, or equivalent work experience · Strong understanding of data structures and algorithms · Demonstrated experience with building parallel and distributed systems · Experience with Database query optimization and indexing (Relational or NoSQL DBs) · Experience with Web Services design and implementation using REST/SOAP · Knowledge of stream processing and SPARK is a plus · Looks proactively beyond the obvious for continuous improvement opportunities · Ability to understand requirements and communicate with business partners · Strong written and verbal communication skills · At the core of Software Engineering · Every member of our team must be able to demonstrate the following technical, functional, leadership and business core competencies, including: Agile Practices Porting / Software Configuration Programming Languages and Frameworks Business Analysis Analytical Thinking Business Product Knowledge
Web API,DOTNET,Csharp + Angular 2 plus;TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;4-8 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Big Data Software Engineer Business Area: Global Technology Services Job Family: Business Solutions Job Description We are developing innovative solutions that leverage the latest technologies in open source and the cloud and are building a team of top-notch software engineers to create our next generation web enabled Big Data Analytics and Machine Learning platform. You will be working with all levels of technology from front-end technologies(e.g React framework, Javascript, HTML5, CSS, R, Scala), server side technologies (web APIs on dotnet core, Csharp, Python, Node.js), backend data processing technologies (Hadoop, Spark R) and Cloud technologies in Azure and Amazon! You should be passionate about technology and love learning new technologies and implementing high quality, highly scalable global solutions. We want you to bring your excitement and technical expertise to deliver high quality work and continuously improve the ways we can better leverage Big Data Analytics and Machine Learning. Most importantly you should brings new thinking, love technology, and be excited to help us take our vision to the next level. This is just the beginning of Big Data Analytics and Machine Learning and we need you to help us define the future and get us there – a huge opportunity awaits! Responsibilities Role Specific Responsibilities • Build, design and implement high-volume, high-scale responsive web front ends, web APIs, data analtycs and machine learning solutions in the cloud • Bring new ideas in cloud, big data, and machine learning software development • Leverage industry knowledge and stay close to technology developments in the open-source and cloud communities • Collaborate with cross-functional teams • Practice and enforce Agile and Scrum development methodologies Qualifications Education: Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent Years of Experience: at least 5 years Qualifications • BS or higher degree in Computer Science/Engineering or related field • Solid foundation in data structures, algorithms, design patterns and strong analytical and problem-solving skills. • Solid foundation in building large enterprise scale server applications including APIs, Batch Jobs, parallel and distributed processing modules. • Must have experience building systems on AWS(Amazon Web Services) and/or Microsoft Azure (various PaaS components). • Hands-on experience with Java or Csharp with dotnet core (a major plus if experience with R, Scala, and Go) • Understanding or experience with any of the following: distributed and parallel systems, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, developing large systems, and/or security • Experience with designing and building modern user interfaces using React, HTML5, CSS, Javascript, Redux/Flux, Peg.js, Quill.js, and NodeJS • Experience with designing and building using micro-services architectural pattern, web APIs using dotnet core & Csharp, Javascript with Node.js etc. • Experience in as many of the following :- o Experience with many of the following from the Microsoft Azure: Data Lake, Machine Learning, SQL Data Warehouse, SQL Streaming Analytics, Bot Framework, Cognitive Services, Data Catalog, Data Factory, Power BI, KeyVault, Azure AD, Azure SQL, AppInsights o Experience with HDInsight, Spark, (a major plus if experience with Storm, Kafka, etc.) o Experience with MongoDB, Redis, and ShareDB o Experience with queue-ing technologies, such as RabbitMQ and JobServer o Experience with R o Experience with Kubernetes and Docker o Experience with monitoring technologies such as New Relic and Microsoft OMS • Outstanding communicator with both business and technology audiences • Knows what is possible using latest technologies (open source, data stores, algorithms, etc.) • Extensive experience working across teams and operating in an Agile Scrum culture • Experience with continuous delivery and using agile techniques • Firm sense of accountability and ownership • Passionate for making things better and driving action • Desire to understand our businesses and users • Experience with statistical platforms is a major plus, such as R, SAS, and Informatica • Experience with other visualization tools is a major plus, such as Tableau ? Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited Job Profile – Big Data Software Engineer Business Area: Global Technology Services Job Family: Business Solutions Job Description We are developing innovative solutions that leverage the latest technologies in open source and the cloud and are building a team of top-notch software engineers to create our next generation web enabled Big Data Analytics and Machine Learning platform. You will be working with all levels of technology from front-end technologies(e.g React framework, Javascript, HTML5, CSS, R, Scala), server side technologies (web APIs on dotnet core, Csharp, Python, Node.js), backend data processing technologies (Hadoop, Spark R) and Cloud technologies in Azure and Amazon! You should be passionate about technology and love learning new technologies and implementing high quality, highly scalable global solutions. We want you to bring your excitement and technical expertise to deliver high quality work and continuously improve the ways we can better leverage Big Data Analytics and Machine Learning. Most importantly you should brings new thinking, love technology, and be excited to help us take our vision to the next level. This is just the beginning of Big Data Analytics and Machine Learning and we need you to help us define the future and get us there – a huge opportunity awaits! Responsibilities Role Specific Responsibilities • Build, design and implement high-volume, high-scale responsive web front ends, web APIs, data analtycs and machine learning solutions in the cloud • Bring new ideas in cloud, big data, and machine learning software development • Leverage industry knowledge and stay close to technology developments in the open-source and cloud communities • Collaborate with cross-functional teams • Practice and enforce Agile and Scrum development methodologies Qualifications Education: Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent Years of Experience: at least 5 years Qualifications • BS or higher degree in Computer Science/Engineering or related field • Solid foundation in data structures, algorithms, design patterns and strong analytical and problem-solving skills. • Solid foundation in building large enterprise scale server applications including APIs, Batch Jobs, parallel and distributed processing modules. • Must have experience building systems on AWS(Amazon Web Services) and/or Microsoft Azure (various PaaS components). • Hands-on experience with Java or Csharp with dotnet core (a major plus if experience with R, Scala, and Go) • Understanding or experience with any of the following: distributed and parallel systems, machine learning, information retrieval, natural language processing, networking, developing large systems, and/or security • Experience with designing and building modern user interfaces using React, HTML5, CSS, Javascript, Redux/Flux, Peg.js, Quill.js, and NodeJS • Experience with designing and building using micro-services architectural pattern, web APIs using dotnet core & Csharp, Javascript with Node.js etc. • Experience in as many of the following :- o Experience with many of the following from the Microsoft Azure: Data Lake, Machine Learning, SQL Data Warehouse, SQL Streaming Analytics, Bot Framework, Cognitive Services, Data Catalog, Data Factory, Power BI, KeyVault, Azure AD, Azure SQL, AppInsights o Experience with HDInsight, Spark, (a major plus if experience with Storm, Kafka, etc.) o Experience with MongoDB, Redis, and ShareDB o Experience with queue-ing technologies, such as RabbitMQ and JobServer o Experience with R o Experience with Kubernetes and Docker o Experience with monitoring technologies such as New Relic and Microsoft OMS • Outstanding communicator with both business and technology audiences • Knows what is possible using latest technologies (open source, data stores, algorithms, etc.) • Extensive experience working across teams and operating in an Agile Scrum culture • Experience with continuous delivery and using agile techniques • Firm sense of accountability and ownership • Passionate for making things better and driving action • Desire to understand our businesses and users • Experience with statistical platforms is a major plus, such as R, SAS, and Informatica • Experience with other visualization tools is a major plus, such as Tableau
Senior Java Developer, Kyiv;Luxoft India Llp;India;;Not Specified;"Project Description We build the platform, which supports client onboarding in global financial institution. This platform includes processing of onboarding requests as they flow from Clients to Sales to Operations and to downstream processing functions. Application functionality is decomposed into business process management, business rules/workflows configuration, reporting / dashboards and workload management functions e.g. work prioritization, SLA management, notifications etc. Technically solution includes BPM engine, rules engine, reporting engine, metadata configuration components; most of these components are exposed via end-user facing interacting web applications. The platform is used by both external and internal users, it is mission critical as part client experience upgrade roadmap. There is a potential to develop machine learning and process mining solutions as add-ons to the platform, given the delivery of planned features is on target. Responsibilities - Write good and well-tested code in Java, React / Redux - Work actively with BAs to understand and implement requirements - Work closely with QAs on issues resolution - Write automation tests - SIT / UAT development support - Release support - Document design Skills Must - Solid experience in industry of software development - Proven experience as software developer on web projects - Candidate should write code on daily basis - Up-to-date overview of modern software development tools and techniques - Good knowledge of Java 8, Spring, SQL, MongoDB, React/Redux. Nice to have - Kotlin - Fluent spoken and written English Languages English: Upper-intermediate"
SALESFORCE DEVELOPER;Resource Access Management Solutions Private Limited;Noida;3-8 Years;Not Specified;Company: Global Leading IT Company Experience: 2.8 - 8 Yrs Job Location: Gurgoan and Noida Key Skills: Salesforce Developer Must Have Skills: Salesforce Developer INDUSTRY IT-Software / Software Services ROLE Technical Lead / Developer Analyst II QUALIFICATION BE / B.TECH / ME / M.TECH / MCA  QUALIFICATION SPECIALIZATION IT / Computers  JOB LOCATION Gurgoan and Noida  INTERVIEW LOCATION Gurgoan and Noida Job Description : Job Description We are looking for someone to be responsible for the development and maintenance of Salesforce applications. Your primary focus will be custom Salesforce development and integration with third-party services. You will be working with other engineers and developers on different layers of the infrastructure. Therefore, a commitment to collaborative problem solving, sophisticated design, and creating quality products is essential. Responsibilities Translate functional requirements into technical requirements Design and build high-performance, reusable, and reliable Apex code with best practices Ensure the best possible quality of the applicationTake ownership of project work and developing client relationships (should be a confident self-starter) Identify bugs and align with requirements during debuggingWrite test classes for the class that you develop and ensure more than 80% code coverage Test bug fixes to make sure they work as per requirements, then deploy them to production Skills and Qualifications Apex development Should have worked with an editor such as Mavens Mate or Eclipse for force.comVisual force page development Ability to communicate with customers and provide consultation on Salesforce solutions Good problem-solving skills and ability to give optimal solutions Hands-on experience in administration setup, e.g., managing users, security controls, and data as well as creating roles, profiles, and reports. Experience in designing custom objects, custom fields, picklists, page layouts, workflow, approval processes, validation rules, custom tabs, reports, Visual force pages, dashboards, and email generation according to application requirementsMake sure to mention any other frameworks, libraries, or other technologies relevant to your project Education: BEng (IT, CE, CS, or EC), BSc, MSc (CS), BCA, or MCA Certification: Any Salesforce certification would be a plus point Organization Write-Up This leading Global IT Company, a leading information technology, consulting and business process services company, and this company, a leader in technology-enabled health, wealth, HR and finance solutions, today announced a long-term relationship which will reshape the HR services industry by providing clients with the breadth and depth of capabilities from the two industry-leading organizations. This strategic partnership[1] will enable the company to accelerate investment in consumer-facing technologies and services across its health, wealth and cloud businesses by leveraging the companys industry-leading strengths in automation, machine learning and data analytics. Additionally, it will acquire and take on responsibility for the services delivered from the companys India locations. It has developed a rich set of technology and delivery capabilities across its India centers located in Gurgaon, Noida, Mumbai and Chennai. This Leading IT company is a leading global information technology, consulting and business process services company. We harness the power of cognitive computing, hyper-automation, robotics, cloud, analytics and emerging technologies to help our clients adapt to the digital world and make them successful. A company recognized globally for its comprehensive portfolio of services, strong commitment to sustainability and good corporate citizenship, we have over 160,000 dedicated employees serving clients across six continents. Together, we discover ideas and connect the dots to build a better and a bold new future. 
Senior Business Analyst, Kyiv;Luxoft India Llp;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;5-8 Years;Not Specified;"Project Description We build the platform, which supports client onboarding in global financial institution. This platform includes processing of onboarding requests as they flow from Clients to Sales to Operations and to downstream processing functions. Application functionality is decomposed into business process management, business rules/workflows configuration, reporting / dashboards and workload management functions e.g. work prioritization, SLA management, notifications etc. Technically solution includes BPM engine, rules engine, reporting engine, metadata configuration components; most of these components are exposed via end-user facing interacting web applications. The platform is used by both external and internal users, it is mission critical as part client experience upgrade roadmap. There is a potential to develop machine learning and process mining solutions as add-ons to the platform, given the delivery of planned features is on target. Responsibilities - Direct communication with client side based BA/PO/end users - Eliciting, elaborating and documenting business/functional requirements - Developing UI mockups for the features - Preparing test cases for the features - Doing early acceptance testing - Data discrepancy investigation - Facilitating and coordinating demo to the end users Skills Must - At least 5+ years of proven experience in a BA position - Analytical mindset - Understanding of and practical experience with different ways of formulating requirements - Excellent communication skills - Solid SQL knowledge - Good Excel knowledge - Good command of spoken and written English (Upper-intermediate +) - Self-starter attitude and ability to work independently Nice to have - Understanding of Banking Client Onboarding domain - Understanding of agile software development methodologies Languages English: Upper-intermediate"
S2P Lead;Wipro Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;10-15 Years;Not Specified;Reporting to the Chief Procurement Officer, the S2P Platform / Technology Head will be responsible for the Procurement Functions IT Strategy Formulation and Implementation. Job duties and responsibilities are below.Formulate, plan and execute strategies to meet future IT needs of the Procurement Function Build / deliver reliable and scalable technologies to cater to high volume and velocity Program manage large transformation project in Procurement Function Manage projects within given cost and time Partner connect and management Understand / identify business problems and propose technology solutions Conduct evaluation of new products, POC, Time bound R&D and solution deliveries Adhere to quality / info-security guidelines and processes including maintain adequate documentationAttend review meetings, business user meetings, IT meetings, etc.Collaborate across key stakeholders such as the CIO IS / IMG, Business (SBU / SL / Geo), Tax, Risk, Controllership & Accounting, Business Finance, etc. to create and implement IT solutions.Enable simplification of processes through technology Implement RPA Robotic Process Automation, AI Artificial Intelligence, BOTS, etc. across the S2P (Source to Procure, Source to Pay) processes chain in Wipro. Strong analytical and troubleshooting skills on S2P Platform related matters.Monitor to ensure that S2P platform and related apps deployed are in good shape and there is adequate usage by employees / vendors / partners / customers, as appropriate. Travel to multiple locations to understand challenges of market, local business needs, new acquisition setup & migration, etc. if required.
Solution Design Consultant  BFS;Wipro Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;8-13 Years;Not Specified;The BFS - EMEA Solution Design Team is tasked to lead winning deals in this region. This team shall be leading all deals across IT and Ops (MAS, WD, DO&P, CIS, DA&AI, CRS etc). We have an opportunity for Solution Architect position where the person shall be responsible for leading deals including E2E Solution landscape, deal strategy, commercial modelling, pricing etc. These are high visibility roles that needs close interaction with internal stakeholders and advisor / analyst teams. As part of this engagement you will get exposure to shape differentiated propositions for leading financial services institutions, tech savvy Digital banks and fintech providers. You will be part of a high-performance multi-disciplinary team who are passionate about customer and personal excellence. Responsibilities Include:Creation of the differentiated propositions and collaterals Ability to conduct market research and build thought leadership and PoVs Conduct Bid Management Creation of the RFI and RFP responses Creation of the proactive proposal responsesCreation of the business model and commercials Statement of Work creation and coordination for legal reviewTrack all the deals in the pipeline and their closureDrive to exceed the planned Order booking and Revenue targets Conducting Customer presentations Anchoring geo based client visits Handshake with Delivery teams on proposal reviews and to capture the effort estimations Case Studies creation and refinement
Front end Developer with JAVA;Zen3 Infosolutions private limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;6-8 Years;800000-1800000;Job Description We came across your profile on Naukri and thought of initiating a discussion about an opportunity with us in Bangalore, India. To introduce myself, I represent the Talent Acquisition team of Zen3 Infosolutions an AI first, data driven, product and technology solutions company with over 1500+ employees. Presence in India, London, Seattle and Dubai. A leading software solution group with on-demand expertise in: Software Product Engineering, Testing, Support & Maintenance, Application Development, Machine learning, AI & Analytics. For more information please visit https://www.zen3.com/ Prima facie, we would be happy to engage with you to discuss for an opportunity of Font End Developer with JAVA based out from Bangalore. Please find the below job description for your reference Engineer Responsibilities: - Developing front end website architecture. - Designing user interactions on web pages. - Ensuring cross-platform optimisationfor mobile phones. - Ensuring responsiveness of applications. Working alongside graphic designers for web design features. - Seeing through a project from conception to finished product. Designing and developing APIs. - Meeting both technical and consumer needs. Engineer Requirements: - Degree in Computer Science. - Strong organisational and project management skills. - Proficiency with fundamental front end languages such as HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Familiarity with JavaScript frameworks such as Angular JS, React and Amber. Proficiency with server side languages such as Python,Java and Scala. - Familiarity with database technology such as MySQL, BigQuery. - Excellent verbal communication skills. - Good problem solving skills. - Attention to detail. If you could share your below details and profile, I would be happy to have a discussion with you. Total Exp: Relavent EXP: CCTC: ECTC: Notice period: 30 Days(Mandatory) Note: Please ignore this mail, if you have taken-up interview with us or not open for this opportunity. Salary: INR 8,00,000 - 18,00,000 PA. Industry: / Functional Area: , Role Category: Programming & Design Role: Software Developer Employment Type: Full Time, Permanent
Product Manager (OTT);Prosum Technology Services;Other India;3-6 Years;Not Specified;Product Manager for OTT A SNAPSHOT OF YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES • Develop and own the product vision and roadmap for the OTT products for D2C and TVE apps, keeping your colleagues up to date on your top level goals, timelines, and progress • Act as the key liaison to gather requirements to feed into the overall roadmap • Partner with engineering managers for sprint planning and manage expectations with other stakeholders (internal and external) • Be the subject matter expert on the OTT platform (Apple TV, Roku, Fire TV, etc.), and push our thinking forward about user experience strategies • Collaborate with engineering, design and other product managers to improve the user experience across TVE and D2C apps • Prioritize requests and ideas, and ship experiments in partnership with our growth and data science team to test bold product hypotheses designed to improve our ability to get users engaged with the content on OTT devices and other platforms. • Deeply understand the technology behind our streaming platform, and become an expert in what technology and approaches are used in the market WHAT YOU WILL NEED • 3+ years experience in product management • At least 1 year of experience as a PM working on OTT products (Apple TV, Roku, Fire TV, etc.) • Extensive experience working on video streaming apps and has a strong understanding of industry best practices • An Analytical product manager, but keen on developing human-centered experiences and have strong product instincts • Ability to inspire, motivate and lead • Ability to communicate well, in both small and large groups • Comfortable with giving and receiving candid feedback
BI Lead;TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;8-12 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Key areas: Informatica integration for integration (specifically callidus sales commissions experience would be ideal)SAP BODS (ETL tool)Cognos (Reporting) Responsibilities include, but are not limited to: · Design, develop, test, and deliver self-service infrastructure and business intelligence (BI) content including reports and dashboards to business professional using the IBM Cognos BI and Qlikview · Gather requirements from business users, build out process analysis, schedules and assignments, communicate status updates, and coordinate user acceptance testing and issue management. · Develop best practices for solutions that help end users access and analyze data in data warehouse, data marts, and operational systems. · Assist business users with Ad-Hoc reporting and troubleshooting post-production issues · Provide training and data warehousing space to business users · Promote and provide support for BI solutions/capabilities to the business user community as well as executives · Interact with other BI team members, and cross-IT staff on support and project activities. · Perform early stage analysis of reporting requests to formulate high level approach and estimates · Design and support the data model required for reports · Work primarily with Data Architect, Data Integration Engineer, and BI Manager to design business intelligence and operational reporting solutions · Articulate data sourcing and data model requirements to ETL and database resources and collaborates on development. · Optimize query performance as needed for ETL jobs. · Contribute to the ongoing development and improvement of BI reporting processes and standards · Execute rapid prototyping for new report requirements using open source, Hadoop, etc. · Design, develop, and implement data-integration jobs to effectively process high-volume disparate data sources · Define and develop scalable, maintainable & innovative data-integration solutions · Build new data pipelines based on business requirements and input from the rest of the team · Maintain existing data pipelines into our data warehouse · Develop and Document all ETL jobs and processes according to ETL standards and best practices · Define and implement monitoring and self-recovery strategies for ETL and Scheduled reports · Interact closely with business partners and Engineering teams to determine analytics needs and translate those needs into efficient & scalable ETL processing needs · Ensure ETL requirements are clearly understood and documented · Proactively focus on data integrity, data hygiene and performance improvement of existing processes · Validate and enforce integration standards and best practices that meet the needs of the business and guarantee consistent results across projects · Provide technical leadership for solution development and review data integration architecture design · Implement automated data quality checks, as part of ETL, and iteratively improve upon them as needs evolve · Write scripts to retrieve data from non-proprietary systems using APIs (i.e. SOAP, REST, etc.) and build pipelines into the DW for the same Minimum Requirements: · 4 year degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or in a related discipline · 10+ years of relevant work experience in data warehousing, data modeling and reporting services · At least 5 years’ experience with Cognos with excellent development skills, including Framework Manager. · At least 4 years’ of experience supporting Data Warehouse, Data Integration and Business Intelligence reporting. · At least 4 years’ working with ETL Pipeline tools such as Data Manager, Data Services and SSIS. · At least 4 years’ experience with Extract, Transform, Load/ETL best practices and cutting edge Data Integration tools, technologies, and techniques is required. · At least 3 years’ experience developing ETL and/or reports based on SAP data in a manufacturing company · At least 3 years’ experience developing ETL and/or reports based on Salesforce data. · At least 2 years’ working experience with SAP BODS · Strong problem solving and analytical skills even with no business requirements · Strong presentation skills including the ability to interact with top-C level business leaders · Must exemplify leadership and salesmanship qualities to promote BI solutions throughout the organization · Strong competence in gathering and documenting business requirements, defining optimal BI solutions to business problems · Strong understanding of SDLC best practices with an emphasis on DW/BI practices and excellent at SQL Skills · Excellent verbal and written communication skills with the proven ability to multitask, prioritize work · Hands on Framework Manager Dimensional Modeling, Dashboard and report development experience · Proficient in Microsoft Office · Proven and strong Oracle and MS SQL development · Very strong analytical and SQL skills · Strong shell scripting experience. · Strong Data Architecture background. · Flexibility to work with customers and peers across time zones (India, Europe, APAC and Latin-American) · We are a global company and require overlap hours on regular basis is expected to interact with business and peers · On call availability to address job failures Preferred/Nice to Have: · Experience with Informatica, Power BI, SharePoint, Performance Point, Excel Services, PowerPivot, Qlikview, SSIS, Crystal Reports · Proven experience with SQL and advanced database topics including: performance tuning, partitioning, data warehousing, server maintenance · Strong understanding of OLAP database/cube architecture, Normalization & Data mining · Excellent working knowledge of Oracle, SAP FICO, SD, MM, or equivalent modules · High level understanding of the DOTNET framework and DOTNET technologies including: CSharp, VBDOTNET, ASPDOTNET, Web Services, JavaScript · Experience with Machine Learning, Predictive analytics, Azure BI and Data Services ·Rapid prototyping and agile methodology Other Requirements · Adaptability, creativity, versatility, self-starter and a collaborative attitude · Solid communication skills: must enjoy working with stakeholders, eliciting requirements and solving problems around data / reporting automation. · Hands one experience with multiple Data Integration tools and technologies, some examples include Domo, Hadoop, Amazon RedShift, Talend, Apatar, CloverETL, GoKettle, KETL, and Pentaho Data Integration for Big Data. The team looking for individuals with a strong blend of knowledge, tell us about what you have done. · This is a full time position reporting directly to the Director of BI within an extraordinary organization. The team is looking for someone to evolve with them long term, and they are interested in keeping you once you join the team by reminding you of how valuable you and your talents are to their mission.
AUTOMATION DEVELOPER;Resource Access Management Solutions Private Limited;India;;Not Specified;Company: Global Leading IT Company Experience: 6 - 8 Yrs Job Location: Noida Key Skills: Testing Must Have Skills: Testing INDUSTRY IT-Software / Software Services ROLE Testing Analyst II QUALIFICATION BE / B.TECH / ME / M.TECH / MCA QUALIFICATION SPECIALIZATION IT / Computers JOB LOCATION Noida INTERVIEW LOCATION Noida JOB DESCRIPTION The field of automation involves the creation and application of technology to monitor or control the production and delivery of products and services by the International Society of Automation and the Automation Federation. Automation engineers design, program, simulate and test automated machinery and processes in order to complete exact tasks. They typically are employed in industries such as car manufacturing or food processing plants, where robots or machines are used to perform specific functions. Automation engineers are responsible for design specifications and other detailed documentation of their creations. Educational Requirements There are few degree programs in the U.S. available in automation engineering. Therefore, most automation engineers earn their bachelors degrees in mechanical or electrical engineering and then learn the intricacies of automation engineering on the job. Mechanical or electrical engineering courses may include robotics, statistics, fluid dynamics and databases. Some automation engineers pursue masters degrees in related fields. Required Skills Solid understanding of computer programming and software development Ability to troubleshoot equipment problems and perform complex system tests Creative thinking skills Detail-oriented personality Excellent manual dexterity Ability to communicate well to other members of the development team Organization Write-Up This leading Global IT Company, a leading information technology, consulting and business process services company, and this company, a leader in technology-enabled health, wealth, HR and finance solutions, today announced a long-term relationship which will reshape the HR services industry by providing clients with the breadth and depth of capabilities from the two industry-leading organizations. This strategic partnership[1] will enable the company to accelerate investment in consumer-facing technologies and services across its health, wealth and cloud businesses by leveraging the companys industry-leading strengths in automation, machine learning and data analytics. Additionally, it will acquire and take on responsibility for the services delivered from the companys India locations. It has developed a rich set of technology and delivery capabilities across its India centers located in Gurgaon, Noida, Mumbai and Chennai. This Leading IT company is a leading global information technology, consulting and business process services company. We harness the power of cognitive computing, hyper-automation, robotics, cloud, analytics and emerging technologies to help our clients adapt to the digital world and make them successful. A company recognized globally for its comprehensive portfolio of services, strong commitment to sustainability and good corporate citizenship, we have over 160,000 dedicated employees serving clients across six continents. Together, we discover ideas and connect the dots to build a better and a bold new future. As a leading provider of benefits administration and cloud-based HR and financial solutions, we enhance work and life through our service, technology and data. Our dedicated colleagues across 14 global centers deliver an unrivaled consumer experience for our clients and their people. Interested can send your updated resume to [HIDDEN TEXT]
Django Python Developer;Multi Recruit;Mumbai;1-3 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Key Skills required :Proficiency in Python development Working Project experience Django 2+Hands on experience with RDBMS such as Postgres or MySQL Solid understanding of Python concepts - templating, routing, request lifecycles Experience using, customising and scaling Django Admin Experience building REST APIs using Django REST Framework Experience working with Containers Experience with Queues and task processing using Celery Strong understanding of ORM Experience with some form of Machine Learning (ML) Understanding of frontend frameworks such as Vuejs, Angular or React Experience with OAuth 2.0 (Auth flows, Refresh flows) Experience with Caching within Django Understanding development workflows including committing to Git repositories Experience building stateless applications that are deployed under Load Balancing Experience in deploying Django applications to AWS, Digital Ocean or Heroku KRAs includes : Understanding the scope of work Pure development focused role, your team members will handle the design, HTML and testing, you focus on the development.Understanding and adopting the current internal development work flow and processes Understanding client requirements as communicated by the project managerArriving on timelines for projects, either independently or as a part of a team Executing projects either independently or as a part of a team Developing projects using Django framework Creating backend modules in Python by building or reutilizing existing modules in a manner so as to provide optimal deliveries on time Writing Scalable, maintainable code Building secured REST APIs Integrating website frontends using Django templates or through data binding on projects using frontend frameworks such as a Vuejs or React Setting up batch task processing environments using Celery Unit testing prepared modules Bug fixing issues as reported by the QA team Optimization and performance tuning of code
JAVA TECH LEAD;Resource Access Management Solutions Private Limited;India;4-8 Years;Not Specified;JOB DESCRIPTION We are looking for a Java developer responsible for building Java applications. This includes anything between complex groups of back-end services and their client-end (desktop and mobile) counterparts. Your primary responsibility will be to design and develop these applications, and to coordinate with the rest of the team working on different layers of the infrastructure. Thus, a commitment to collaborative problem solving, sophisticated design, and product quality is essential. Responsibilities Skills Organization Write-Up This leading Global IT Company, a leading information technology, consulting and business process services company, and this company, a leader in technology-enabled health, wealth, HR and finance solutions, today announced a long-term relationship which will reshape the HR services industry by providing clients with the breadth and depth of capabilities from the two industry-leading organizations. This strategic partnership[1] will enable the company to accelerate investment in consumer-facing technologies and services across its health, wealth and cloud businesses by leveraging the companys industry-leading strengths in automation, machine learning and data analytics. Additionally, it will acquire and take on responsibility for the services delivered from the companys India locations. It has developed a rich set of technology and delivery capabilities across its India centers located in Gurgaon, Noida, Mumbai and Chennai. This Leading IT company is a leading global information technology, consulting and business process services company. We harness the power of cognitive computing, hyper-automation, robotics, cloud, analytics and emerging technologies to help our clients adapt to the digital world and make them successful. A company recognized globally for its comprehensive portfolio of services, strong commitment to sustainability and good corporate citizenship, we have over 160,000 dedicated employees serving clients across six continents. Together, we discover ideas and connect the dots to build a better and a bold new future. As a leading provider of benefits administration and cloud-based HR and financial solutions, we enhance work and life through our service, technology and data. Our dedicated colleagues across 14 global centers deliver an unrivaled consumer experience for our clients and their people.
Senior Manager, Engineering (Learner);Prosum Technology Services;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;3-6 Years;Not Specified;Role Overview Reporting to the Director of Engineering, this role will lead the development and sustainment of our Learner platform and experience. The ideal candidate would have previous experience building web and mobile digital products for large enterprises, proven track record building and growing engineering teams from the ground up, and a passion for our mission. Responsibilities Lead and mentor cross-functional team of engineers (architects, front end, back end, and test) to build, deliver and sustain a world class learning services platform Be able to lead and be a technical subject matter expert for platform architecture discussions and decisionsHelp define, contribute and support the wider Technology strategyWork closely with SRE, release engineering, security, product, UX, project management, business development, customer success, growth marketing and executive teams to meet business needsEnsure engineering best practices, and implement tools and/or frameworks for software development, agile, security, accessibility, compliance, performance, HADR, etc .Ensure on time, on budget and high quality deliverables that maximize business value Proactively communicate and manage stakeholder expectations Ideal Profile 3+ years experience leading and delivering large scale, global, high traffic and highly available consumer facing web applications and mobile apps. Comfortable leading multidisciplinary engineering teams (front end, back end, test)3+ years experience delivering projects using agile methodologies 3+ years experience working with distributed onshore/offshore teams2+ years experience with data technologies (i.e. RedShift, Hadoop, PostgreSQL, Spark) Experience with machine learning based recommendation and/or personalization engines Experience delivering SaaS solutions for large enterprise customers Enjoys leading, developing, and mentoring engineers towards reaching their potential while delivering high quality on time deliverables Experience leveraging a variety of open source technologies, working with cloud services, leveraging modern UI frameworks (Angular, React), backend (RESTful APIs, Node.js, python, microservices, serverless, etc) Strong process orientation and attention to detail Excited by the challenge of building a world-class business that delivers not only high revenue growth and compelling ROI, but also has a meaningful impact on society Exposure to higher education institutions through direct experience and /or passion for the education space High EQ, comfort with ambiguity and a   no job too small startup mentality Bachelor’ s degree in Computer Science related field and/or work experience
AWS, AWS Glue Developer;Job Store Consulting;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;2-5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Experience: 2- 5 years 2+ years of industry experience in software development, data engineering, business intelligence, data science, or related field with a track record of manipulating, processing, and extracting value from large datasets Hands-on Experience with AWS and AWS Glue Mandatory Demonstrated strength in data modeling, ETL development, and data warehousing Hands-on Experience using big data technologies (Hadoop,  Hive,  Hbase,  Spark etc.) Apache Spark mandatory Hands-on Experience using Spark Sql Hands-on Experience using programming language – Scala, python, R, or Java (any one) Strong database knowledge Proven success in communicating with users, other technical teams, and senior management to collect requirements, describe data modeling decisions and data engineering strategy Agile development and understanding Nice to Have: Experience using business intelligence reporting toolsExperience on AWS Quicksight Database understanding Postgres, SQL Server, Cassandra, S3, Hadoop Performance tuning of spark jobsAny BI tool knowledge like tableau, jasper, Pentaho, helical insight
Business Operations;Conneqt Business Solutions Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;;Not Specified;Job Description : Job description includes: Creating a detailed business analysis, outlining problems, opportunities and solutions for a business Budgeting and forecasting Planning and monitoring Variance Analysis Reporting Defining business requirements and reporting them back to stakeholders Identify valuable data sources and automate reports / processes Undertake pre-processing of structured and unstructured data Analyse information to discover trends and patterns Build predictive models and machine-learning algorithms Combine models through ensemble modelling Present information using data visualization techniques Propose solutions and strategies to business challenges Research and develop statistical learning models for data analysis Keep up-to-date with latest technology trends Communicate results and ideas to key decision makersImplement new statistical or other mathematical methodologies as needed for specific models or analysis Optimize joint development efforts through appropriate database use and project design Others skills required: Experience working with senior decision makers Strong communication / interpersonal skills Proven analytical background Advanced Excel skills Develop and monitor data quality metrics and ensure business data and reporting needs are met. Strong technology, analytical and communication skills are must-have traits and performing operational modelling, a Business Analyst is expected to develop new models that underpin sound business decisions. Should have plenty of experience in forecasting with understanding of key performance indicators.
Azure Cloud Data Architect with 10 To 15 Years of IT Experience For Ba;Zen3 Infosolutions private limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;10-15 Years;Not Specified;Job Description  Azure Cloud Data Architect with 10 to 15 years of IT experience for Bangalore location.  Note: 1) Permanent  2) Face to Face is mandate.  Greetings from Zen3  Hope you are doing great!  I would like to take this opportunity to introduce Zen3 Info Solution Pvt Ltd.  Zen3 is a leading software solutions group with over 1000+ technology professionals working in US, UK, Dubai, India recently started in Mexico.  With our expertise in Big Data, Machine Learning and Product Engineering we work in the travel, digital media and technology industries.  Our Managed Services group works with Fortune 500 companies to recruit and manage some of the best talent to deliver on mission-critical projects for our clients. JD:  Position title - Cloud Data Architect Location: Bangalore - Global Delivery Services Job purpose:  Cloud Data Architect in the IT Advisory Services team to be part of the delivery of Data/Digital based projects for our customers across the globe. Technical Responsibilities:  Big data Engineer with 10 to 15 years of IT experience including 5 to 7 years in Big Data and Analytics field, developing E2E Data pipelines to perform batch and Real - Time/Stream analytics on structured and unstructured data on Azure. Expertise in designing scalable Big Data solutions, data warehouse models on large-scale distributed data, performing wide range of analytics on Events Ingestion, Storage and processing on Azure. Expertise in building solutions using Cosmos db , Azure Data Lake, Azure Storage, Azure Databricks(Spark , and Spark Streaming), Experience in Big Data Analytics and design in Hadoop ecosystem using Spark/Spark Streaming, Kafka. Solid understanding of data processing patterns, distributed computing and in building applications for real-time and batch analytics. Strong programming skills in design and implementation using Python, Scala and PySpark Hands on Data Ingress, Egress, Processing using Kafka, Azure Data Factory , Azure data Lake, Azure Databricks(Spark / Streaming). Good knowledge on NoSQL Data bases such as HBase, Cassandra, MongoDB,Redis and using SPARK streaming for real time stream processing of data into the cluster. Experience with multiple Hadoop file formats like Avro, Parquet, ORC, and JSON etc. Developing, constructing, testing and maintaining architectures for data lakes, data pipeline, data warehouses and large-scale data processing systems on Azure. Leading data platform team members or equivalent through technical design, and implementation of solutions. Requirements (Qualifications)  We are looking for the candidates with the following: BE/BTech/MCA with a sound industry experience of 10 to 15 years Mandatory skills:  Spark, Scala,PySpark,Python,Java Hands-on Azure experience - Azure Data Factory, Kafka, Hbase, Cassandra, Mongodb, Azure Databricks Azure Cosmos DB,  Azure Kubernetes Service,  Azure Data Lake Storage, Azure DataBricks Azure Dataricks Preferred skills:  Data Warehousing, ETL, Hive, Flink,AWS,GCP Please share all details below mentioned are mandate with Updated resume in word format.  Candidate Name  Adhaar Number  Alternate Number  SkyPE  DOB  Qualification  Total Exp  Relevant Exp  CTC & In Hand per month  ECTC & In Hand per month  Notice Period  Notice Period is Negotiable  Current Location  Passport  Marital Status  Native  Any Offer /ctc/location/company  Resigned Date  Last working day if resigned  If Contract employee Please mention Payroll company & Client. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: / Functional Area: , Role Category: Programming & Design Role: Technical Architect Employment Type: Full Time, Permanent
IOT consultant - CIS;Wipro Limited;Other India;;Not Specified;The Wipro IoT Advisory practice is a team of experienced Strategy, Digital, and Rapid Design thinking consultants who collaborate with our clients to envision their future digital enterprises. They help clients rapidly get business outcomes from strategy through to rapidly testing and building new solutions and experiences. They are not only IoT and digitally minded but also have deep industry knowledge, and know what works in our clients business. Wipro IoT Practice is currently seeking IoT consultants with deep expertise in Strategy and Advisory capabilities. The IoT consultant will need to establish key strategic priorities for clients and translate them into a comprehensive strategic plan working closely with client. They will create, lead and drive transformational, repeatable deals in the industry, leveraging deep strategic consulting capabilities to help take the clients through IoT business transformation journeys. They will need to collaborate with teams in developing the POCs and use cases for respective industry that will lead to IOT product /solution adoption in the market contributing to business growth . This role may also involve travel to client sites and working closely with them as needed Key responsibilities Developing and articulating POVs /POCs relative to IoT trends, current and future market opportunities, challenges, landscape, lessons learned and best practices Lay out strategy plan and Business case Developing Cross-industry POV with multiple use cases across full stack value chain (sensors, gateways /edge, communication, platforms, analytics, AI/ML, visualization and workflow automation) Mapping out end to end IoT architecture and can pull in other technical (point solution) SMEs as needed to develop POCs /MVP.Being Creative and motivating team leader / player with ability to work across or integrate well with global matrix environment The position calls for broad knowledge and experience in Strong IoT market exposure (trends, roadmap, investments, etc) IOT full stack technology knowledge and preferably hands on experience in any of the key technologies and programming languages (Python, Java, DOTNET, C++ , web technologies /UI /UX) Any of IOT platform engineeri
Engagement Manager / Delivery Manager - Hyderabad;Gspann Technologies Inc;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;12-16 Years;Not Specified;Job Description  Engagement Manager Location: Hyderabad Experience: 12 + years  Position Description: This person will have responsibility of delivering and owning a high level of governance of client relationships and global delivery.  Role:  Manage multiple Global Delivery teams. Work with Onsite Account Manager in identifying the new opportunities and identify resource needs (Account Growth). Lead the Presales activities from offshore for the new opportunities and defend the proposals. Lead the business review meetings with the customer. Prepare the metrics regarding the engagement on a regular basis and present to the management. Single point of contact for the account from offshore. Work with HR and Hiring teams in ensuring the timely fulfilment of resource needs. Mentor the next level leaders of the engagement. Should be comfortable in dealing with Architecture, Design, Program Planning discussions with senior client stakeholders on an ongoing basis.  Should be comfortable in groups/teams and be able to both lead and follow. Must bring top-notch consulting /relationship management skills and a deep appreciation of IT tools, techniques, systems, and solutions. Accountable for Client satisfaction, Delivery quality and Growth. Should be able to conceptualize, analyse, create blueprint for business transformations and present solutions. Drive design, development and deployment of standardized metrics and dashboards to measure our delivery across all our accounts.  Skill and Experience Level:-  Strong working experience in IA technologies (Hadoop / MSBI / Data science / ETL / SSIS / BI reporting tool / Cloud etc.). Excellent communication skills along with experience in managing and motivating high performance teams and individuals. Have proven ability to establish rapport, credibility, and influence others to drive results across the organization. Has creative problem-solving skills related to teams, project deliverables, and cross-functional issues amidst changing priorities. Flexible and resourceful to manage changing operational goals and demands. Experience in project / Program management and/or delivery offshore/onshore models and Agile development process. Drive design, development and deployment of standardized metrics and dashboards to measure our delivery across all our accounts. Passionate about operational excellence and Governance. Proven ability to set expectations and communicate status to both technical and business/exec teams and take responsibility and ownership on all critical/major issues to get logical closure.  Proven experience in working in matrix organizations with varying technology practices. Experience in managing 30+ resources in a single account or multiple accounts. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: / Functional Area: , Role Category: System Design/Implementation/ERP/CRM Role: Practice Head / Practice Manager Employment Type: Full Time, Permanent
Mid-Level Back End Developer, Datasphere;Disys India Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;3-6 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : We havean excitingopeningfor a Senior Back End Developer.The ideal candidate is a highly motivated, creative and versatile individual with experience designing and coding large-scale interactive platforms. Candidate has deep experience with SOA, is fluent in one or more of the following: CSharp (preferred), C++, JAVA, Python, and/or other higher-level languages. Significant experience?translating functional objectives into detailed architectural models and specifications. The candidate carries a thorough understanding of applicable technologies with a good understanding and experience with the full development stack. Responsibilities include:Work withstakeholder, senior management, and cross functional teams in a matrix organization earning the respect and support of all team members.Work with Front-end architects and Back-end architect and Leads to design and code performant and scalable SolutionsWork with Development, Product/Program Management, and Test Leadership to plan and deliver on the entire product lifecycle ensuring tradeoffs are evaluated, deadlines are met, to deliver high software quality and securityDesign, build and maintain APIs and services3+ years’ Experience in Back-end DevelopmentSignificant experience (3+ years) with many of the following technologies:NoSQL Databases (Structured/Unstructured using Streams, File Systems, Databases, and Distributed File StoresSQL Databases (MySQL and SQL Server preferred)Stream AnalyticsCaching solutions and strategies including Memcached, CouchDB,RedisQ,etcData Integration and Data VirtualizationExperience with AWS/Google Cloud/Azure using ContainerizationData Integration leveraging MapReduce, HBase, Hive, Pig, Spark, Mongo, etc.Predictive Analytics/Machine LearningExperience with Infrastructure, Hardware, Operating Systems, and securityDebug production issues across services and multiple levels of the stackStrong foundation in Test-driven development including Unit, Application and Integration testingLead complex programming tasks and perform code reviewsExperience working with Agile Development Methodologies (Scrum/Kanban)Strong communication skills with a track record of working with and collaborating with cross-functional teamsAbility to influence others and identify best solutions among many stakeholdersStrong analytical and quantitative skills with the ability to break down and communicate complex issues, ideas and solutionsEstablish and track metrics related to key performance objectives and service levelsEncourage a  Best Idea wins, regardless of source
Presales Consultant;Wipro Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;12-16 Years;Not Specified;This career opportunity is with Wipro Technologies Engagement Initiation Group (EIG) in the Manufacturing SBU. This is the global team supporting USD 750 Mn business of Wipro and is tasked with winning large outsourcing contracts in fiercely competitive scenarios. This group is chartered with the responsibility of leading complex global deals with clients covering all areas of IT services in global markets - Business Application, Infrastructure and Business Process Outsourcing. The candidate will be responsible for - driving end-to-end deal pursuits for Large opportunities spanning complete solution / commercial design Support in Proactive creation pf large deals.Will be Geo SPOC for MFG SBU Large deals Team Key Responsibilities:Presales and deal-pursuits End-to-end management of the deal pursuit process from qualification to closure including solution strategy & design, business-case preparation and commercial modelling, solution presentations, pricing and contract negotiations Understand customers business requirements and create appropriate value proposition through various different Wipro offerings across service lines Drive internal reviews with Sr. Management on pursuit strategy, solution design, pipeline conversion, etc Provide leadership to manage and coordinate solution walk through workshops with customers Manage India campus visits by customers as a part of deal pursuits Emerge as thought-leader within the BU for new-age offerings spanning AI, IoT, Cloud, Digital, etcContinuously work on deal differentiators and strategies that will help the team in increasing the win ratio and prepare specific silver bullets against key competitors. Solution Strategy Create a deal win plan aligned to customers outsourcing objectives
Software Development Engineer;Disys India Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;3-6 Years;Not Specified;" We are seeking a hardworking Software Engineer II with an obsession for data, to join our fast-paced organization. Data is essential for all our decision-making needs whether its related to product design, measuring new feature effectiveness, or helping our internal teams increase observability. Data can give us keen insights on how we can improve our services for our teams, users, and partners. The ideal candidate will be customer focused with empathy, have a passion to effectively problem solve, and showcase strong software development skills. Responsibilities: Develop and maintain data pipelines into a cloud-native data warehouse Engage with stakeholders to ensure data collection is appropriate for measuring product and feature success Collaborate closely with other team members to interpret data and answer business questions Conduct in-depth analyses on specific areas of interest Deliver and automate reports as well as data queries (as needed) Qualifications: 3+ years of experience in software engineering Development experience in Python 3 and JavaScript / Node Experience on building and maintaining APIsAn ability to utilize Google Analytics A familiarity with a modern cloud data platform and deploying services to them (Google / AWS / Azure) An ability to pull data from a variety of sources is; typical sources include 3rd party APIs, Cloud Search, SQL-based data warehouses and spreadsheets Experience with data requirements gathering Skilled in providing technical leadership for project and team through design and code reviews, ensuring best software development practices are applied.Experience evaluating data collection for accuracyBig Query, Kubernetes, App Engine, Lambda / Cloud Functions Demonstrate an understanding on algorithmic concepts from at least one information-centric discipline (e.g. statistics, machine learning, information processing, natural language processing, etc. Strong communication, analytical and problem-solving skills Preferred: Well-versed using data visualization tools (e.g. Data Studio, Power BI, Tableau, etc.) Experience with tracking user consumption of video"
SL2/SL3 Technical Support Engineer / Lead, Kyiv;Luxoft India Llp;India;;Not Specified;"Project Description We build the platform, which supports client onboarding in global financial institution. This platform includes processing of onboarding requests as they flow from Clients to Sales to Operations and to downstream processing functions. Application functionality is decomposed into business process management, business rules/workflows configuration, reporting / dashboards and workload management functions e.g. work prioritization, SLA management, notifications etc. Technically solution includes BPM engine, rules engine, reporting engine, metadata configuration components; most of these components are exposed via end-user facing interacting web applications. The platform is used by both external and internal users, it is mission critical as part client experience upgrade roadmap. There is a potential to develop machine learning and process mining solutions as add-ons to the platform, given the delivery of planned features is on target. Responsibilities You will be part of team which will: - Troubleshoot day-to-day user issues on all environments - Handle escalations to other teams as appropriate - Plan & coordinate infrastructure activities - Plan & execute UAT / PROD releases - Create CHG tickets as per Change Management regulations to coordinate UAT / PROD releases - Maintain up-to-date monitoring on all applications, create/modify alerts to suit the app requirements - Train Prod support on issues You personally will be: - Solely responsible for operations and support of an online tool workflow and questionnaire builder, used by a globally distribute group of users - Serve as a primary - direct and personal - contact point for any technical and usage questions and issues - Intimately familiar with the application code-level design and implementation - Expert in the application functionality Skills Must - Good English and communication skills - Experience work with Java applications (setup, maintenance, support, troubleshooting) - Shell-scripting, basic commands on Unix - Working with SQL scripts (writing, understanding errors) - Basics of Networking protocols - CI tools (Jenkins) - Jira, SVN Will be good to know: - J2EE development background is a strong plus - JavaScript - Mongo DB - uDeploy Nice to have - Banking Domain Languages English: Upper-intermediate"
HADOOP DEVELOPER;Resource Access Management Solutions Private Limited;India;4-5 Years;Not Specified;"Company: Global Leading IT Company Experience: 4 - 5 Yrs Job Location: Gurgoan Key Skills: Hadoop Must Have Skills: Hadoop INDUSTRY IT-Software / Software Services ROLE Hadoop Developer QUALIFICATION B.E. / B.Tech. , M.E. / M.Tech ., BCA / MCA. QUALIFICATION SPECIALIZATION IT / Computers JOB LOCATION Gurgoan INTERVIEW LOCATION Gurgoan JOB DESCRIPTION A Hadoop Developer may have many job responsibilities, depending on the sector he is working in. Following are the common Hadoop developer job responsibilities that are mentioned in the Hadoop developer Responsible for the documentation, design, development, and architecture of Hadoop applications Handle the installation, configuration, and supporting of Hadoop Write MapReduce coding for Hadoop clusters; help to build new Hadoop clusters Converting hard and complex techniques as well as functional requirements into the detailed designs To design web applications for querying data and swift data tracking at higher speeds To propose best practices and standards; handover to the operations Perform the testing of software prototypes and transfer to the operational team Pre-processing of data using Pig and Hive To maintain data security and privacy Management and deployment of HBase Performing the analysis of large data stores and derive insights The professional who is responsible for the actual programming of the Hadoop applications is a Hadoop Developer. The job of a Hadoop developer is same as software developers, but he is responsible to develop Hadoop systems and applications. To know more about Hadoop developer, let’s explore the Hadoop developer job responsibilities. To perform the duties well, A Hadoop developer needs to be familiar with the concept of Big Data and how to find value from the data. A Hadoop developer is the one who knows to play with data, store it, transform it, manage it, and decode it to avoid it from being destroyed. The hiring managers look for some particular skills to have an eligible candidate for the open job position. The Hadoop developer job description generally consists of the following Hadoop developer skills. If one has all or some of these skills and satisfy the Hadoop developer job description, he will be considered the suitable applicant for the Hadoop developer job. Here are the skills required for Hadoop developer job – Familiarity with Hadoop ecosystem and its components – obviously, a must! Ability to write reliable, manageable, and high-performance code Expertise knowledge of Hadoop, Hive, HBase, and Pig Working experience in HQL Experience of writing Pig Latin Scripts and MapReduce jobs Hands-on experience in backend programming, particularly Java, JavaScript, OOAD, and Node.js Good knowledge of the concepts of multi-threading and concurrency Analytical and problem-solving skills; the implementation of these skills in Big Data domain Understanding of data loading tools such as Flume, Sqoop etc Good knowledge of database principles, practices, structures, and theories Familiarity with the schedulers 1) Hadoop Developer: Bachelors degree in Computer Science / Engineering or equivalent with 4-5 yrs of experience • 4 - 5 years hands-on experience in a technical role. 3+ years ETL experience with data warehousing, data modeling, and enterprise BI ETL development (Informatica, IBM DataStage, Oracle Data Integrator, etc.). At least 2+ yrs experience in HADOOP is must. • Should be able to develop and review medium to high complexity HIVE scripts independently • Worked with Agile methodologies in a business intelligence or data modeling / warehouse context (e.g. Kimball methodology). • Good knowledge in Unix Shell scripting and Windows based BI platforms a big plus. • Good experience working with distributed and remote teams. • Good experience using SQL in a DB2, Oracle or SQL Server. The platform is not important. • Development experience on Apache Kudu, Impala will be an added advantage • Experience in working on CDH 5.14 will be an added advantage • Understanding of application architecture and technology infrastructure preferred. • Able to learn technical concepts quickly and apply them effectively in the workplace. • Able to adapt to changing business requirements and react quickly • Strong customer focus and results oriented attitude. Self-motivated individual & able to work independently Organization Write-Up This leading Global IT Company, a leading information technology, consulting and business process services company, and this company, a leader in technology-enabled health, wealth, HR and finance solutions, today announced a long-term relationship which will reshape the HR services industry by providing clients with the breadth and depth of capabilities from the two industry-leading organizations. This strategic partnership[1] will enable the company to accelerate investment in consumer-facing technologies and services across its health, wealth and cloud businesses by leveraging the companys industry-leading strengths in automation, machine learning and data analytics. Additionally, it will acquire and take on responsibility for the services delivered from the companys India locations. It has developed a rich set of technology and delivery capabilities across its India centers located in Gurgaon, Noida, Mumbai and Chennai. This Leading IT company is a leading global information technology, consulting and business process services company. We harness the power of cognitive computing, hyper-automation, robotics, cloud, analytics and emerging technologies to help our clients adapt to the digital world and make them successful. A company recognized globally for its comprehensive portfolio of services, strong commitment to sustainability and good corporate citizenship, we have over 160,000 dedicated employees serving clients across six continents. Together, we discover ideas and connect the dots to build a better and a bold new future. As a leading provider of benefits administration and cloud-based HR and financial solutions, we enhance work and life through our service, technology and data. Our dedicated colleagues across 14 global centers deliver an unrivaled consumer experience for our clients and their people."
Service Assurance Engineer;Disys India Private Limited;Australia, Canada;5-8 Years;Not Specified;"Job Description : Job Title (if different from Template) Service Assurance Engineer - SalesForce Location AZ - Phoenix - 3202 W Behrend Dr (4354) Description: You will support Global Technology Operation Services, working closely with and collaborating with all members of Operations and Engineering. He or she will need to have a consistent track record of excellence operating independently and within a high performing team environment. You are responsible for multiple activities including: • Technical driven stewardship for customer experience and service performance. • Effectively use innovative technologies available in-service assurance tool chain to improve efficiencies and customer experience. • Partner with development team for service performance. • Ensure applications are scaled adequately to meet performance for the projected volumes. • Provide design recommendations for complex systems and applications, certify capabilities for reliability, availability and serviceability. • Liaise between Global Infrastructure, interfacing development, Product Owners and other partner teams to improve performance and availability. • Debug defects as well as develop dashboards using modern monitoring tools (e.g. Dynatrace, Splunk) to enable reduction in detection time. • Effectively lead a bridge and escalations as part of a larger incident management process. • Function as a leader of a DevOps Team following the agile methodology to provide design inputs and operational best practices. • Exceed availability targets for Salesforce applications. • Identify and eliminate risks and trends that disrupt Salesforce applications’ operations or create potential compliance/regulatory risks. • Drive root cause and permanent resolution for problems that impact the Salesforce portfolio. • Lead day to day production support operations of a team of approximately 20-30 vendor resources. Leadership • Ability to technically lead a geographically dispersed team. • Effectively communicate to business and leadership on restoration. • Demonstrate the ability to collaborate and contribute to established goals. • Ability to effectively interpret technical/business objectives and challenges and articulate solutions. • Influence and lead team members with creative thought leadership with data driven changes and improvements by challenging status quo and demonstrating risk taking. Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in computer science, computer science engineering, or related experience required; advanced degree preferred. Five plus years of progressive experience providing post-implementation and ongoing service assurance, as required. Knowledge/Skills • A strong background in providing Salesforce support to large scale applications. • 5+ years’ experience in Cloud Technology and an in-depth understanding of the primary concepts and terminology • 5+ years working on Salesforce applications (Lightning is a must-have.) • 5+ years’ experience using Force.com (Advanced understanding of SFDC Triggers and Controllers, VF page development, sObjects, SOQL etc) • 3+ year hands-on experience in an Agile development team • Experience in object oriented development is a must. • Excellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to translate technical issues into business impacts • Ability to influence without direct authority • Proven ability to drive circumvention of operational impacts within an aggressive timeline • Demonstrated high level of personal engagement and the ability to maintain high morale and motivation on a team • Flexibility to work  on call  outside normal business hours as needed. • Advanced understanding of the Salesforce platform and its primary functions. • Ability to learn new technologies and embrace the challenge learning presents • Self-starter, comfortable having conversations with business partners Highly proficient with one or more of the following: • Industry tools for predictive analysis. • Distributed (multi-tiered) systems, large scale infrastructure and design. • Debugging techniques for root cause analysis. • Expertise in identifying Application/Infrastructure risks, mitigation strategy and the ability to work well with others to ensure risks are mitigated. • Experience implementing highly available solutions (e.g. always on, clustering, mirroring) as well as performance troubleshooting and tuning. • Deep ITIL knowledge: Event Management, Incident Management, Change Management, Problem Management and Knowledge Management. • Expert level ability in resolving and documenting incidents by using innovative engineering practices, while meeting or exceeding the overall SLAs. • Looks proactively beyond the obvious for continuous improvement opportunities. • Establish technical requirements based on industry trends and new technologies. Preferred: • Experience with DevOps or Full Stack, operating highly-available IT infrastructure and building live production APIs and services. • Proficiency with automation development. • Experience working in an Agile, CI/CD toolchain or other rapid application development methods. • Hands-on expertise with application design, software development and automated testing. • Exposure to Machine Learning and AI. • Conceptual Enterprise architecture knowledge."
ASPDOTNET + RPA Manager;Golden Opportunities Private Limited;Gurgaon / Gurugram;8-12 Years;Not Specified;Description ASPDOTNET + RPA Technologies _ Gurgaon Candidate Expectation: Skill set: Microsoft technologies (ASP Dot Net, CSharp, WCF, MVC and Web Services) and RPA technologies Total and Relevant Experience: 8 to 12 Years Education and certifications: Masters degree in computer science or related field Job Description: 7-10 years of experience in Microsoft technologies (ASP DotNet, CSharp, WCF, MVC, Web Services) Must have at least 3-4 Years of hands-on experience on RPA technologies such as UiPath, Automation Anywhere, Blue Prism etc. Must have good exposure to end to end RPA life cycle. Good knowledge of databases (SQL, Oracle), XML, HTML, OOPS concepts etc. Must have good exposure to Agile scrum methodologies and project management processes. Knowledge of coding standards, performance tuning in software development. Expert knowledge of programming languages, application servers, software architecture and databases Superior troubleshooting ability, strong analytical abilities, and drive for results Possess good communication skills in English and good technical documentation skills Expert level knowledge of developing applications using UiPath/Automation Anywhere. Have good experience in deploying/managing/scheduling robots on server using Orchestrator/Control Room. Experienced in any scripting language like VBScript, preferably CSharp programming Good hands on experience in databases primarily in SQL Server, creating Stored Procedures, functions Must have worked on enterprise automation from concept to implementation and management. Exposure to OCR Tools like Abby, Microsoft OCR, Google OCR and similar. Exposure of Machine Learning and computer vision would be an advantage. Job Responsibilities Understand abstract concepts and translating them into technical solutions which are based on Microsoft technologies to meet the business needs. Own the technical solution and ensure all technical aspects are implemented as designed Assist Robot Designer/Implementers with the creation of detailed robot design specifications Develop code and unit testing of the Bots Works on extremely complex specialized technical problems and provides highly innovative yet practical solutions Ensure the overall integrity of the bot architecture and validates it against the system specification Interact with client and understand requirements Prepare solutions and other technical documentations Provide best RPA solutions to client and meet their expectations
Java Engineer- Marketing;Disys India Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;0-4 Years;Not Specified;"Job Description : Engineer – Marketing Experience Analytics (PHX) This is an opportunity to join the Marketing Experience Analytics team which supports the Marketing Business Unit within Technology. If you have the desire to tell a story with data, and the talent to seamlessly integrate customer information across physical, digital, mobile, and social media, this is the team for you! As an Engineer, you will join a Technology team which creates next-generation analytic capabilities for marketers, product teams, and senior leaders. This group is nimble and creative, with an entrepreneurial mission to stretch the art of the possible. This team develops Big Data and batch/real-time analytical solutions, creating insights about Card Members across the full spectrum of digital channels, including search, mobile, email, social, and web. Responsibilities and expectations include: · Design, development, and testing of individual software components, modules, and services. · Being a member of an agile team and helping drive consistent development practices - tools, common components, and documentation. · Participating in code reviews and automated testing. · Debugging software components and identify code defects for remediation. · Enabling the deployment, support, and monitoring of software across test, integration, and production environments. · Automating deployments in test or production environments. · Identifying improvement opportunities (code quality, performance, automation etc.) within projects and acts on own initiative without being prompted, including making appropriate decisions as necessary. · Providing feedback to team members in code reviews · Influencing team members with innovative changes and continuous improvements · Having a strong will to win and drive results, with a proven ability to overcome internal and external barriers to achieve results. High levels of energy, engagement, and ownership. Positive attitude is an absolute must. · Ability to travel for short periods, if necessary. · Experience: · Software Development experience in a professional environment with distributed (multi-tiered) systems, algorithms, and/or databases. · Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science, Computer Science Engineering, or related field required; Advanced Degree preferred. · Experience with Java, Scala, and/or Python, Shell Scripting is preferred. · Experience with Big Data (MapReduce, HDFS, Hive) and distributed systems, machine learning, and/or data mining is preferred. · Experience with RESTful web services, including API design and implementation is a plus. · Experience with Apache Spark or other streaming data frameworks is a plus. · Experience with Jupyter is a plus. · Experience with data visualization is a plus."
Data Engineer Visualisation 6yrs+ HYD YO;Arminus Software Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;;Not Specified;Job Description : Job Description:   S.NO Candidate Name Total Exp yrs of Exp as a Data Engineer or Data Analyst data engineering programming language (e.g. Python, R, Scala, SQL and/or SAS) exp in data visualization tools (e.g. Tableau, d3.js or similar tools) Data framework exp CTC ECTC NP Current location Contact NO Email ID Current company Key Skills:   Data Engineer 6-7 years • 3+ years’ experience as a Data Engineer or Data Analyst • 1+ years’ experience with a data engineering programming language (e.g. Python, R, Scala, SQL and/or SAS) • 3+ years’ experience using data visualization tools (e.g. Tableau, d3.js or similar tools) • Understanding of cloud computing • Experience with data frameworks (e.g. Hadoop) • Deep understanding of relational databases and experience with data mining Bachelor’s Degree in a STEM major (Science, Technology, Engineering or Math) Preferred Qualifications: • 5+ years’ experience as a Data Engineer or Data Analyst • Additional Degree in Data Science or another related field • Experience with Cloud computing and/or DevOps
Sr. Systems Analyst (Retirement Solutions);Prosum Technology Services;India;5-8 Years;Not Specified;POSITION SUMMARY The RSD Data Integration team captures and incorporates diverse data from various internal systems and external vendors. Data is loaded, manipulated, and housed in the divisional data warehouse. The team services numerous key consumers and critical downstream applications including: BI reporting, Analytics, Actuarial models (Risk Management, Valuation), Sales & Marketing, Finance, Compliance and Operations. In addition to support for existing processes, the team is modernizing opportunities to migrate its infrastructure technologies and data warehouse to the cloud (AWS). RESPONSIBILITIES • Lead Data Integration (DI) projects of varying and complexity including the Cloud (AWS) migration efforts. • Conduct analysis on assigned projects and translate the business needs into business requirement document as input for system design & development, testing and user acceptance. • Create and maintain source -target data movement specifications for an ETL tool like Informatica • Develop and communicate work plans, schedules, project estimates and status reports for assigned projects. • Provide creative solutions to business and technical issues, identify and propose process improvement opportunities. • Work independently, multi-task and receives minimal guidance and oversight from manager. FACTORS FOR SUCCESS • Bachelor s degree from a four-year college or university, Master’ s degree in Computer or data science preferred • 5+ years of experience as technical systems analyst role in data warehouse and ETL projects • Experience in the domain of financial services products like Annuities and Mutual funds • Strong SQL skills and knowledge of database objects like stored procedures/view/synonyms/indexes • Minimum of one year hands-on experience working with Snowflake or AWS technologies (Redshift, S3, Athena, Spectrum, DMS, PostgreSQL, Glue etc.) AWS certification preferred. • Excellent communication, technical documentation and team work skills • Ability to manage medium to large projects of varying complexity • Preferred experience in Informatica, Oracle, Control M
Software Engineer - Java;Disys India Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;3-6 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : 288915 – Mid Level Full Stack Developer (Java/SQL/Spring) – FTE – Seattle, WA Experience and Skills What youll do:Design and implement robust, scalable solutions for business requirementsContribute to the daily maintenance, stability, and tuning of existing processesCollaborate with team members to achieve the best possible solutionsProvide technical mentoring to junior team membersCommunicate progress, issues and risks to the team in a timely mannerWork closely with your scrum team to ensure high-quality deliverables are producedParticipate in Scrum planning and prioritization meetingsParticipate in definition and clarification of business and product requirements and drive technical/solution approaches to satisfying requirementsContribute to a culture of continuous improvement TOP 5 Things – MUST HAVES3+ years industry experience in object-oriented design and practices using Java (Understand Java 8+)3+ years enterprise experience with Web application frameworks (Core Spring MVC, Hibernate, Tomcat/Jetty)3+ years’ experience with relational databases (MySQL/ Oracle/ SQLServer) Familiarity with  Familiarity with build tools (Gradle) Essential skills & qualities:Experience developing Web-based APIs consumed by third parties Collaboration savvy across disciplines including experience developing applications for online advertising / marketing 3+ years industry experience in object-oriented design and practices using Java (Understand Java 8+) 3+ years enterprise experience with Web application frameworks (Core Spring MVC, Hibernate, Tomcat / Jetty) 3+ years experience with relational databases (MySQL /Oracle /SQL Server) Proficiency developing software on UNIX-like platforms, such as Red Hat Linux Familiarity with Familiarity with IDEs (Eclipse, IntelliJ, etc)Familiarity with build tools (Gradle) Familiarity with revision control tools (Git) Nice-to-have experience & qualities:Strong personal and professional initiative and passion for building products Expertise in architecting for and achieving high levels of scalability in distributed online transactional systems Familiarity with testing and analysis tools (Junit) Experience with Groovy and Grails development Familiarity with Scala Experience with modern JavaScript Framework (familiarity with React / Vue, Redux, BaconJs is desirable) Familiarity with Machine Learning Familiarity with Java 11Experience with Apache Web Server Understands how to make a Docker image for a Java project Strong and demonstrated desire to learn, grow and develop professionally and personally A focus on the success of the team and organization Who We Are Since 2001, we have been empowering people to advance their careers and improve their lives through education. As an independent marketing and technology company, we build long-term relationships with higher education institutions across the nation while providing millions of students with the resources they need to help them reach their goals. We pride ourselves on our authenticity, accountability, and flexibility. Our team is made up of hardworking, collaborative, and highly motivated people who strive to stay ahead of industry trends. Here, we work in an Agile environment on challenging projects both big and small, with each day offering new opportunities for growth. All of our hard work is rewarded with competitive salaries, incredible benefits, and serious fun. After all, as an employee-owned company, we care about the people who work here just as much as the customers we serve. Joining our team means generous PTO, ping pong tournaments, in-office massages, and a fully stocked fridge. (Oh, and your dog can join us too.) We also care deeply about our community, offering paid volunteer days off as well as toy and clothing drives throughout the year. The technology department is looking for a Software Engineer to become an integral part of our team. Were a closely-knit group that embraces change and seeks constant improvement. The Software Engineer is a talented person with a strong interest in object-oriented analysis and design with development experience. You have maintained and built out API’s. Youll be instrumental in the development, deployment, and maintenance of state-of-the-art lead generation systems at our company.
Data Steward;TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;2-5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Minimum 1-2 years of work experience in the fields of information science, data management computer science. 2.Bachelor €™s degree in Information Science, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics or a quantitative discipline in science, business, or social science. 3.Experience with standard data entry systems, Excellent computer skills including proficiency in MS Excel 2010, Word and Outlook, standard analytic and reporting systems with some exposure to programming languages like SQL and tools like Excel, Access etc. 4.Experience in accessing and executing end user reports and dashboards from any reporting tool is a plus. 5.Strong analytical, thinking out of the box and decision making skills. Able to think logically, organize work flows efficiently, and solve problems independently. 6.Reliable, self-motivated, and self-disciplined individual capable of planning and executing multiple projects simultaneously within a fast paced environment. 7.Effective written and verbal communication skills, including technical writing. 8.Excellent technical, analytical and organizational skills. 9.Strong organizational skills and the ability to deal with large volumes of data. 10.Demonstrated consistency in values, principles and work ethic. 11.Ability to multi-task, work successfully under pressure, and effectively prioritize and manage time and workload to meet client needs 12.A desire to work within a diverse, collaborative, and driven professional environment. 13.Working and conceptual knowledge of databases is a plus.
Program Manager - Digital;Conneqt Business Solutions Limited;Mumbai;12-15 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Job Description We are hiring for a Program Manager for our Digital Business Unit. Role and Responsibilities This is a leadership level position and individual is responsible for driving and managing a large implementation program for customers Will be required to work on business process automation platforms, develop new solutions, and enable adoption of automation solutions across Enterprise Delivery Management experience handling Projects / Support Engagements across technology suite : RPA, BI, ERP, Azure / AWS / Google Cloud Technologies Should have good familiarity over data ingestion, transformation and reporting processes (Data Science / Analytics). Should have worked directly with customer stakeholders at senior levels and managed the partnership Manage teams of RPA developers, Architects to deliver multiple digital programs / projects / initiatives at client side and enterprise side Driving the adoption of best practices and governance around coding, design, quality and performance of Partner with our customers to identify the best standard or customized solution covering RPA, Analytics and complex solutions that meets their requirements in terms of Digital strategy Skills and Experience Experience in Managing projects / engagements with RPA tools, Data Analytics and related Tools to deploy end to end solution Experience in handling multiple engagement models - T&M, Fixed, Output based etc. and type/ nature of delivery - ADM, Devops, Agile etc.Exposure in developing Delivery Model, governance to defining Enterprise level automation roadmap and ability to manage and deliver overall solutions to transform client business.Avid project manager and delivered engagement with newer technologies and solutionsOverall l 12+ years of experience in Technology Management Practice / CoE preferably Enterprise Automation including Automation Experience (RPA, AI, ML, Business Analytics) Good Understanding and should have managed engagements with programming languages/ platforms - DOTNET / VB / VC++ / C++ / J2EE Management / Engineering Graduate with required exp Functional Area: , Role Category: Programming & Design Role: Database Architect / Designer Employment Type: Full Time, Permanent
Data Steward;TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;4-6 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Minimum 1-2 years of work experience in the fields of information science, data management and/or computer science. 2.Bachelor €™s degree in Information Science, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics or a quantitative discipline in science, business, or social science. 3.Experience with standard data entry systems, Excellent computer skills including proficiency in MS Excel 2010, Word and Outlook, standard analytic and reporting systems with some exposure to programming languages like SQL and tools like Excel, Access etc. 4.Experience in accessing and executing end user reports and dashboards from any reporting tool is a plus. 5.Strong analytical, thinking out of the box and decision making skills.Able to think logically, organize work flows efficiently, and solve problems independently. 6.Reliable, self-motivated, and self-disciplined individual capable of planning and executing multiple projects simultaneously within a fast paced environment. 7.Effective written and verbal communication skills, including technical writing. 8.Excellent technical, analytical and organizational skills. 9.Strong organizational skills and the ability to deal with large volumes of data. 10.Demonstrated consistency in values, principles and work ethic. 11.Ability to multi-task, work successfully under pressure, and effectively prioritize and manage time and workload to meet client needs 12.A desire to work within a diverse, collaborative, and driven professional environment. 13.Working and conceptual knowledge of databases is a plus.
Presales Associate;Wipro Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;6-11 Years;Not Specified;"Work on proposals, solutioning, estimations and pricing activities as a Bid Manager Participate in RFP and proposal activities creation of RFP response and presentations (PPT) as a Bid Manager Work with TPGs, SMEs & architects for proposal solutioning Create proactive proposals, Sales Kits, Capability presentations, case studies etc for named accounts Articulate the business benefits of transformation; ROI; propose recommendations. Assist in customer meetings at offshore and participate in workshops and IES pitches to new and existing customer Contribute to Demand Generation activities 6+ years of experience in Pre-Sales / Solutioning or as Business Analyst / Product Manager in ANY ONE OF Banking or Consumer or Health domains is a must have for this role. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skills, and/or abilities required to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Must Have: Excellent presentation, documentation skills (ppt, Excel, Doc.) Excellent Communication written, spoken and listening skills Very good Collaboration skills, stakeholder Management Self-motivated, go getter attitudeHave experience of end-to-end Sales / pre-sales cycle as an individual contributor Basic Understanding of various technologies like Cloud, IOT, Platforms, AI/ML, Mobility, AR/VR"
Senior Software Development Engineer;Disys India Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;;Not Specified;Job Description : Senior Software Development Engineer (Labs) Are you a Maker? Do you get excited about defining the future? Are you interested in helping a successful and profitable broadcast media company transform the digital age? Do you dream about code every night? If so, we’d love to talk to you about joining our Clients Labs team. We’re looking for a Software Engineer who loves building out POCs to prove out ideas and exploratory coding then get in touch with us today. WHAT YOU’LL DO Figure out what will delight audiences and producers by investing various approaches to content management and delivery with live audiencesDesign, Develop, and maintain client-side app code and server side microservices that support the mission Participate in all phases of design, development, quality assurance, defect resolution, and live-site troubleshooting WHAT TO BRING Many years of experience in software development Strong Problem-Solving SkillsThe ability to dream up new ideas NICE-TO-HAVES Cloud Technologies and Infrastructure Experience integrating third party systems or servicesHigh Availability System Architecture Ability to work with new and exciting technologies Docker Machine Learning Digital Media and streaming video technology (HLS, DASH, Baseband Ingest) Big Data and Data Analytics Node JS Kafka
Senior Back End Developer, Datasphere;Disys India Private Limited;null;7-10 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Job Description Our client is looking for a highly motivated, creative and versatile individual with experience designing and coding large-scale interactive platforms. Candidate has deep experience with SOA, is fluent in one or more of the following: CSharp (preferred), C++, JAVA, Python, and/or other higher-level languages. Significant experience translating functional objectives into detailed architectural models and specifications. The candidate carries a thorough understanding of applicable technologies with a good understanding and experience with the full development stack. Responsibilities include:Work with stakeholder, senior management, and cross functional teams in a matrix organization earning the respect and support of all team members.Work with Front-end architects and Back-end architect and Leads to design and code scalable solutions Work with Development, Product / Program Management, and Test Leadership to plan and deliver on the entire product life cycle ensuring trade offs are evaluated, deadlines are met, to deliver high software quality and security Design, build and maintain APIs and servicesLead complex programming tasks and perform code reviews Establish and track metrics related to key performance objectives and service levels Encourage a  Best Idea wins, regardless of source Qualifications: 7+ years’ Experience in Back-end Development Significant experience (5+ years) with many of the following technologies: NoSQL Databases (Structured/Unstructured using Streams, File Systems, Databases, and Distributed File Stores SQL Databases (MySQL and SQL Server preferred) Stream Analytics Caching solutions and strategies including Memcached, CouchDB, RedisQ, etc Data Integration and Data Virtualization Experience with AWS / Google Cloud / Azure using Containerization Data Integration leveraging MapReduce, HBase, Hive, Pig, Spark, Mongo, etc .Predictive Analytics/ Machine Learning Experience with Infrastructure, Hardware, Operating Systems, and security Debug production issues across services and multiple levels of the stackStrong foundation in Test-driven development including Unit, Application and Integration testing Experience working with Agile Development Methodologies (Scrum/ Kanban) Strong communication skills with a track record of working with and collaborating with cross-functional teams Ability to influence others and identify best solutions among many stakeholders Strong analytical and quantitative skills with the ability to break down and communicate complex issues, ideas and solutions Job Location Bellevue, Washington, United States
Senior Program Manager, Datasphere;Disys India Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;5-8 Years;Not Specified;"Job Description : we have an exciting opening for a Senior Program Manager. As an experienced Program Manager, youll be responsible for leading a portfolio of consumer, business, and enterprise mobile-first applications strong in data and analytics. You will be instrumental in delivering products and services across areas of business solutions, marketing, advertising, business intelligence, data warehousing, machine learning, and modern single-page Apps. Youll be facilitating project execution and driving initiatives across multiple functions including Sales, Marketing, Product, and Operations. You will utilize your deep understanding of technical aspects of implementation to be able to develop important strategic questions that help clarify and guide our teams through priorities and decision-making. You will need every ounce (28.3g) of your critical problem-solving skills to develop successful plans to deliver value to the organization while working with multi-functional teams that synergize to create value for our customers and the company. You will be a key member of a diverse team driving the vision, roadmap and implementation of the future of the company. We have a positive, collaborative, and inventive culture. We build entirely new experiences that have never seen the light of day in any other company. We share a set of core values and attributes: to be smart, humble, hardworking and, above all collaborative. What you will be doing:Develop a collaborative work environment where the best idea wins Work closely with stakeholders to prioritize, plan, execute and then monitor the health of each service Cultivate positive relationships at all levels and partner with software and service delivery teams Understand the business case behind each effort and clearly articulate the value to stakeholders across the corporation Provide hands-on project management during discovery, design, development, testing, implementation, and post-implementation Collaborate with technical owners and leadership to define project plans and initiatives, then implement them with a focus on optimization and efficiency Provide end-to-end project leadership including: developing project plans, resource plans, scope, dependencies, and risk mitigation plans throughout deployment and the life of the service Provide day-to-day coordination, quality assurance for projects and tasks, and on-time delivery against agreed-upon metrics Communicate progress updates across partners, leadership, and external vendors Facilitate working sessions, demos, adoption and change management approaches, and training plans Drive internal process improvements across multiple teams and functions What you should have: Experience running multi-functional initiatives, resource plans, tasks, and workflows in a technical project management capacity Experience leading products with massive scale; SaaS, PaaS, IaaS Attention to detail, self-motivation, and strong analytical skillsProven track record leading stand-ups, planning sprints, and organizing integrations Experience thriving in a collaborative environment with diverse multi-functional teams Social and organizational skills developed over years of software industry experience Experience in one of the following segments of industry is highly desired; Automotive, Education, Legal, Medical, Real-Estate, and Professional ServicesCI/CD, AWS, micro-services experience is a plusSlack, Asana, Excel, Word, Kanban Knowledge and skills in ordering, management, fulfillment of TV linear ads, OTT ads, Web ADTech, SEM, mobile, social ads would be useful BA/BS or equivalent work experience 5+ years of Project Management experience"
Apps Dev Sr. Programmer Analyst;Disys India Private Limited;Singapore;7-10 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : FX Click platform provides real time trades (FX and Options), positions and portfolio valuation. The technology team is responsible for sales, prime brokerage and private banking clients. It also provides self-servicing functionality like allocations, rolls and aggregations. The overriding aim of the group is to deliver solutions to the business in the most effective way. The responsibility of the team currently includes but is not limited to: - • Support of existing application • Development and support of new features and functionality as required by the business This is a hand on Sr. Programmer Analyst role that will offer exposure to the full development cycle, whilst working closely with the front office business on future deliverables for the product Key Responsibilities • Build and extend next generation of FX Click in line with strategic business goal – Developing application components using JavaScript, HTML5 and CSS3, integrated with core supporting Java services using best practices • Working with the business stakeholders on requirement analysis and acting as a liaison between the business users and technology developers in India, while also contributing to hands on architecture/design and development • Develop next generation technology engineering for the platform, including but not limited to, big data analytics, cloud adoption, UI redesign, Docker/container based micro-service oriented re-engineering Key Relationships: • Various technology teams • Sales, margin trading and private banking business stakeholders • Front Line Support Development Value: This role would open career opportunities for the successful individual to establish their profile in the Global Foreign Exchange Technology organisation, involved with a key platform development, and its expansion with the targeted growth model Person Specification Knowledge/Experience: • Required: 7+ years of experience in developing distributed, high volume, global application in a trading environment • Good all-round skill and technical expertise on key technology components • Required: Strong grasp of fundamental computer science concepts: data structures, algorithms, concurrency, and object oriented design • Required: Bachelor degree in computer science or related fields. • Required: at least 5 years’ experience working in the financial industry, with preferably 3+ years of FX and/or credit/margin experience • Nice to have: relevant experience with trade capture and processing. Skills: • Modular and object-oriented JavaScript using Angular, React, HTML5, CSS3 • Enterprise level application development using REST APIs, J2EE, Spring, Hibernate, JDBC, JMS • Real-time high frequency, low latency trading work would be a plus point • Exposure to Big Data Technologies or Cloud and micro service based architecture is a plus Qualifications: Strong academic record, ideally with a good degree and a mathematical or computer science background. Competencies • Strong Communication skills • Self Motivated • Willingness to learn • Excellent planning and organizational skills • Strong negotiation skills
Azure, Visual Studio, CSharp, DOTNET, API;TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;5-8 Years;Not Specified;"Job Description : Job Description Function: DTTL/U.S. India Enabling Areas Service Area: Knowledge Services Work Location: Hyderabad/Bangalore Role: Senior Technical Analyst Job Type: Experienced CoRe Knowledge Services (CKS) sits inside Deloitte’s global shared services organization and serves Deloitte’s 10 largest member firms worldwide. The Knowledge Applications team creates user experiences that deliver relevant content and connections, enable the discovery of impactful knowledge and delight users by delivering innovative applications that use emerging technologies. As cognitive computing transforms how organizations think, act, and operate, our team is seeking to add Senior Technical Analysts to our team in India. In this role, you will be part of a team that develops rapid cognitive prototypes on a range of available platforms. We are seeking intellectually curious individuals who are able to quickly understand and work hands on with new technologies. You will continually explore, develop, evaluate, and deploy solutions/applications leveraging popular Cognitive frameworks and API. Within this team environment, you will gather requirements, analyze, plan, build, and test applications. You are expected to be well versed with latest web development tools and technologies, with strong knowledge on object oriented programming concepts. Qualifications Required ·At least 5 years of overall software development experience ·Expert in the following: Azure, Visual Studio, CSharp, DOTNET, API is a must ·Demonstrate project experience building enterprise applications using these languages At least 3 plus years working and deploying apps on different cloud platforms such as IBM cloud, Microsoft Azure and Amazon Web Services ·Knowledge of professional software engineering practices & best practices for the full software development life cycle, including coding standards, code reviews, source control, build processes, testing, and operations. Agile development experience. ·Deep, hands-on programming and technical design skills. Demonstrated willingness and capability to learn new technologies quickly ·Master’s/Bachelor’sdegree in computer science, computer applications, engineering or equivalent experience. ·Ability to develop solutions following established technical designs, application development standards and quality processes. ·Ability to work independently, manage small engagements or be part of larger engagements. ·Good communication skills including presentation skills (MS PowerPoint and MS Visio). Ability to communicate clearly cross-team (Functional/Development/Testing teams). ·Must be comfortable with researching, self-learning, implementing and iterating with new solutions of a technical nature. What you will work onWork with the Technical Program Manager to gather and document business/functional requirements and convert it to technical requirements, and create application/solution prototypesDesign, develop and test solutions using IBM Watson, Microsoft Cognitive and DOTNET technology stacksCreate, enhance and maintain test automation scripts. Execute functional, application and regression tests; including both positive and negative scenarios.Aggressively learn new technologies through self-study and work to develop prototypes and solve technical problems.Participate in daily status calls and meetingsReport status on assigned tasks to your lead ·Assist in explorations of various emerging technologies relevant to the problem space we are working on. Make recommendations on how we can leverage technologies. ·Perform Dev-Ops for our existing products including executing code deployments, metrics, developing scripts (Js, node js, CSharp) as needed. Skillset RequiredSolid understanding and experience with Azure Services and Azure Portal- Expert knowledge of Microsoft Azure cloud technologies including Azure web applications, Azure Cognitive Services, App Services, Azure Service Fabric, SQL DB, No SQL Database (Mongo DB), Azure AD ·Expert in the following: Visual Studio, CSharp, DOTNET, API is a must Experience implementing IBM Watson Cognitive tools, Microsoft Cognitive stack ·Hands on experience with Microsoft Bot framework and Microsoft LUIS ·Strong fundamentals in object oriented design, data structures and algorithms Other desired skillset ·Experience with many of the following Technologies: JavaScript, HTML, SQL, Angular JS, jQuery, Node JS, Express JS, web/application servers (IIS). Experience with SOAP and REST based web services ·Experience with standard technology development tools like Visual Studio, TFS. Experience with machine learning and deep learning frameworks such as Tensorflow and Keras would add value Experience with any of the following is beneficial: Natural Language Processing, Linguistics, Advanced Semantic Design, Visualization, ·Experience in designing and implementing open source tools for use cases such as end to end data management for NLP, Machine Log Algorithms, and Text Mining algorithms"
Azure Cloud Data Architect with 10 To 15 Years of IT Experience For Ba;Zen3 Infosolutions private limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;10-15 Years;Not Specified;Job Description  Azure Cloud Data Architect with 10 to 15 years of IT experience for Bangalore location.  Note: 1) Permanent  2) Face to Face is mandate.  Greetings from Zen3  Hope you are doing great!  I would like to take this opportunity to introduce Zen3 Info Solution Pvt Ltd.  Zen3 is a leading software solutions group with over 1000+ technology professionals working in US, UK, Dubai, India recently started in Mexico.  With our expertise in Big Data, Machine Learning and Product Engineering we work in the travel, digital media and technology industries.  Our Managed Services group works with Fortune 500 companies to recruit and manage some of the best talent to deliver on mission-critical projects for our clients. JD:  Position title - Cloud Data Architect Location: Bangalore - Global Delivery Services Job purpose:  Cloud Data Architect in the IT Advisory Services team to be part of the delivery of Data/Digital based projects for our customers across the globe. Technical Responsibilities:  Big data Engineer with 10 to 15 years of IT experience including 5 to 7 years in Big Data and Analytics field, developing E2E Data pipelines to perform batch and Real - Time/Stream analytics on structured and unstructured data on Azure. Expertise in designing scalable Big Data solutions, data warehouse models on large-scale distributed data, performing wide range of analytics on Events Ingestion, Storage and processing on Azure. Expertise in building solutions using Cosmos db , Azure Data Lake, Azure Storage, Azure Databricks(Spark , and Spark Streaming), Experience in Big Data Analytics and design in Hadoop ecosystem using Spark/Spark Streaming, Kafka. Solid understanding of data processing patterns, distributed computing and in building applications for real-time and batch analytics. Strong programming skills in design and implementation using Python, Scala and PySpark Hands on Data Ingress, Egress, Processing using Kafka, Azure Data Factory , Azure data Lake, Azure Databricks(Spark / Streaming). Good knowledge on NoSQL Data bases such as HBase, Cassandra, MongoDB,Redis and using SPARK streaming for real time stream processing of data into the cluster. Experience with multiple Hadoop file formats like Avro, Parquet, ORC, and JSON etc. Developing, constructing, testing and maintaining architectures for data lakes, data pipeline, data warehouses and large-scale data processing systems on Azure. Leading data platform team members or equivalent through technical design, and implementation of solutions. Requirements (Qualifications)  We are looking for the candidates with the following: BE/BTech/MCA with a sound industry experience of 10 to 15 years Mandatory skills:  Spark, Scala,PySpark,Python,Java Hands-on Azure experience - Azure Data Factory, Kafka, Hbase, Cassandra, Mongodb, Azure Databricks Azure Cosmos DB,  Azure Kubernetes Service,  Azure Data Lake Storage, Azure DataBricks Azure Dataricks Preferred skills:  Data Warehousing, ETL, Hive, Flink,AWS,GCP Please share all details below mentioned are mandate with Updated resume in word format.  Candidate Name  Adhaar Number  Alternate Number  SkyPE  DOB  Qualification  Total Exp  Relevant Exp  CTC & In Hand per month  ECTC & In Hand per month  Notice Period  Notice Period is Negotiable  Current Location  Passport  Marital Status  Native  Any Offer /ctc/location/company  Resigned Date  Last working day if resigned  If Contract employee Please mention Payroll company & Client. Salary: Not Disclosed by Recruiter Industry: / Functional Area: , Role Category: Programming & Design Role: Technical Architect Employment Type: Full Time, Permanent
Front end Developer with JAVA;Zen3 Infosolutions private limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;6-8 Years;800000-1800000;Job Description We came across your profile on Naukri and thought of initiating a discussion about an opportunity with us in Bangalore, India. To introduce myself, I represent the Talent Acquisition team of Zen3 Infosolutions an AI first, data driven, product and technology solutions company with over 1500+ employees. Presence in India, London, Seattle and Dubai. A leading software solution group with on-demand expertise in: Software Product Engineering, Testing, Support & Maintenance, Application Development, Machine learning, AI & Analytics. For more information please visit https://www.zen3.com/ Prima facie, we would be happy to engage with you to discuss for an opportunity of Font End Developer with JAVA based out from Bangalore. Please find the below job description for your reference Engineer Responsibilities: - Developing front end website architecture. - Designing user interactions on web pages. - Ensuring cross-platform optimisationfor mobile phones. - Ensuring responsiveness of applications. Working alongside graphic designers for web design features. - Seeing through a project from conception to finished product. Designing and developing APIs. - Meeting both technical and consumer needs. Engineer Requirements: - Degree in Computer Science. - Strong organisational and project management skills. - Proficiency with fundamental front end languages such as HTML, CSS and JavaScript. Familiarity with JavaScript frameworks such as Angular JS, React and Amber. Proficiency with server side languages such as Python,Java and Scala. - Familiarity with database technology such as MySQL, BigQuery. - Excellent verbal communication skills. - Good problem solving skills. - Attention to detail. If you could share your below details and profile, I would be happy to have a discussion with you. Total Exp: Relavent EXP: CCTC: ECTC: Notice period: 30 Days(Mandatory) Note: Please ignore this mail, if you have taken-up interview with us or not open for this opportunity. Salary: INR 8,00,000 - 18,00,000 PA. Industry: / Functional Area: , Role Category: Programming & Design Role: Software Developer Employment Type: Full Time, Permanent
Full Stack DevOps Software Engineer;Disys India Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;;Not Specified;"Job Description : Experienced Full Stack DevOps Software Engineer Job Description: Work with Business Development teams in Houston, Argentina, and India to design, implement, & deploy a data science workflow infrastructure for a broad range of oil & gas data science BD problems. A successful candidate would use their experience in full stack web app design to translate the requirements of the analytical solutions into an appropriate architecture, select the right frameworks and libraries, ensure that they integrate together, and implement and deploy this system in the cloud. Ability to work well in a multi-disciplinary team is a must, as the candidate must design an application back end that the Data Scientists can quickly leverage with their Python skills, coordinate SW development activities with others in the team, and work with end users to design application front ends, putting communication skills and experience with Agile/ DevOps practices at a premium. Responsibilities Work with Houston based Data Science team to understand workflow requirements with respect to relevant technologies within a cloud environment Design appropriate data model and storage solutions for the data relevant to business problems being solved; set up data ingestion & integration pipelines in the cloud Design Azure-based workflows to enable Data Scientists to develop analytical capabilities, provide a robust testing and CI/CD capabilities, and are able to be quickly deployed as web applications into the cloudIdentify appropriate front end technologies that enable Data Science workflows to be used by others, and lead that development Monitor the security of all cloud based assets Skills Multi-year experience in designing web applications, with involvement across the full stack from data storage to the front end Advanced Python skills with previous experience in Python-based web frameworks (e.g. Django, Flask, Pyramid, etc.) Comfortable with Agile, lean & DevOps practices for delivering iterative solutions to the business.Proficient in deploying solutions within the Microsoft Azure Cloud Environment. Experience with PowerShell & Azure CLI. Experience with Data Lakes, SQL & No-SQL storage, ETL & data engineering pipelines Proficient in setting up, monitoring & improving CI/CD pipelines for deploying iterative solutions. Candidates with significant experience with containerized micro-services & Kubernetes based orchestration is a plus."
Senior Software Engineer (Scala or Java/Clojure/Kotlin/Haskell);Prosum Technology Services;India;3-6 Years;Not Specified;JOB SUMMARY Our client, the world’ s premium mobile video ad network and an innovation leader in HD mobile video advertising, is looking for a Senior / Principal Software Engineer to join our ad server engineering team in Bellevue, WA. As a software engineer on the ad server team, you ll collaborate on a wide variety of projects across teams and across the stack. Here are some things engineers on the team have worked on recently: Building a feature to allow new ads in our system to ramp from   lots of sampling  to   minimal sampling  as our machine learning systems learn about their performance profiles and can   dial in  where they will perform best Hooking up a new ETL from our event API through Kafka and into BigQuery so that we can get a deeper understanding of how long it takes our SDK to become ready to show an ad in the wild Building a library to allow us to read to and write from DynamoDB with less boilerplate and more type-safety Writing a service to allow us to validate canary deployments of the ad server in a flexible, scalable and understandable way Our client writes mostly Scala (and a little bit of Elm) and they work with Finch/Finagle, Circe, MySQL / Aurora, DynamoDB, Kafka, Elasticsearch and Lambda, running in AWS. The ideal candidate would: Have 3+ years of professional programming experience Has experience with Scala JVM or functional languages (Java, Kotlin, Clojure, Haskell, etc.) Be experienced building and maintaining complex systems Value empathy, communication, collaboration and teamwork Be growth-oriented in both tech and interpersonal skills Make the people around them   better Additionally, with our Senior / Principal Software Engineer hires, we re particularly interested in   shoring up  areas we d like to be stronger as a team, so experience in any of the following areas is an extra bonus: Experience with Scala, particularly type-level programming JVM performance or performance profiling Observability Testing/ documentation Microservices XP / Kanban/ agile
ANGULAR UI DEVELOPER;Resource Access Management Solutions Private Limited;India;;Not Specified;JOB DESCRIPTION Joining our team as a UI developer means you’ll be jumping to the forefront of the medical technology field, helping create software that will be used by medical professionals all over the country. Your primary task will be to design and implement user interfaces for maximum usability and performance in web applications. Your work will make an important contribution to medical research and technologies by helping doctors, researchers and lab technicians coordinate and share information across multiple channels. If you have a creative mind, top-notch technical skills, a strong sense of user interface design and an extreme eye for detail, this is the perfect position for you. Job Responsibilities Work with a small team to design and build software applications to function across multiple platforms Produce front-end code and visual comps to create a polished and highly functional user interface with a focus on usability and simplicity of design Collaborate with end users of software programs, including various medical professionals and office managers, to determine user needs and adapt programming accordingly Ensure software operates ideally across a range of programs and platforms, including Microsoft and Apple products and various mobile operating systems Use graphic design software to create branding and logos and incorporate visual elements into programming with the goal of creating a streamlined design and a pleasant but visually simple user interface Conduct thorough testing of user interfaces in multiple platforms to ensure all designs render correctly and systems function properly, incorporating feedback from actual potential users as well as members of the design team Solve any design or usability issues that arise and anticipate potential future problems so they can be resolved before they impact users Job Skills & Qualifications Required: Bachelor’s degree in computer science or information technology Minimum of two years working as a professional UI developer Strong understanding of front-end coding and development technologies Mastery of C++, Java or other programming language Organization Write-Up This leading Global IT Company, a leading information technology, consulting and business process services company, and this company, a leader in technology-enabled health, wealth, HR and finance solutions, today announced a long-term relationship which will reshape the HR services industry by providing clients with the breadth and depth of capabilities from the two industry-leading organizations. This strategic partnership[1] will enable the company to accelerate investment in consumer-facing technologies and services across its health, wealth and cloud businesses by leveraging the companys industry-leading strengths in automation, machine learning and data analytics. Additionally, it will acquire and take on responsibility for the services delivered from the companys India locations. It has developed a rich set of technology and delivery capabilities across its India centers located in Gurgaon, Noida, Mumbai and Chennai. This Leading IT company is a leading global information technology, consulting and business process services company. We harness the power of cognitive computing, hyper-automation, robotics, cloud, analytics and emerging technologies to help our clients adapt to the digital world and make them successful. A company recognized globally for its comprehensive portfolio of services, strong commitment to sustainability and good corporate citizenship, we have over 160,000 dedicated employees serving clients across six continents. Together, we discover ideas and connect the dots to build a better and a bold new future. As a leading provider of benefits administration and cloud-based HR and financial solutions, we enhance work and life through our service, technology and data. Our dedicated colleagues across 14 global centers deliver an unrivaled consumer experience for our clients and their people. Interested can send your updated resume to [HIDDEN TEXT]
Lead Platform Engineer /  Architect  ( Tech Engineering Manager);CareerXperts Consulting;India;5-10 Years;Not Specified;You will be the first engineering manager who will work directly with the founder and other senior leaders of the company. You will fuel the growth of the company s India operations by working with three key stakeholders: clients, an engineering team (which you will lead) , and our senior leadership, to deliver a variety of production- ready systems with high client- impact. About the Company: A fully- funded start- up using bleeding- edge computer science (e.g. artificial intelligence, machine learning, etc.) to re- write the rules of the software industry by building intelligent machines that augment or replace human labor in the technology industry itself! The team includes several PhDs and graduates from topnotch universities such as MIT, Harvard, Carnegie Mellon, Caltech, and top rankers/ medalists from the IITs and NITs. The senior leadership include a former founder of a VC/ hedge fund, a computer scientist from Harvard, and a former founder of a successful digital media firm. The team has collectively published more than 100 papers in international journals and conference and also been granted over 20 patents. The board members include some of the most well- known entrepreneurs across the globe, and early clients include some of the most innovative Fortune 100 companies today. Lead Platform Engineer Experience Approximately 4- 10 years with an attitude to learn almost anything. Qualification Systematic problem solving approach, coupled with a strong sense of ownership and drive Experience writing code in Python, C , Java, and/ or Go Experience of having built production- ready systems Experience with project management Experience with Continuous Integration tooling and maintenance Experience delivering to clients (and client interactions) Experience leading/ mentoring engineers Responsibilities Managing a team of bright engineers, each of whom is building a production- ready system for various clients Architecture and technical performance design (and reviews) for each engineer s system Feature design and reviews Code reviews of each system to ensure best practices Onboard and train new engineers joining your team Project managing timelines, deadlines, feature sets, and releases Manage system issues and client escalations to ensure timely resolution Ability to regularly communicate/ meet with clients to ensure expectations are met Essentially this role entails combining the best of a project manager AND a technical architect.
SL2/SL3 Technical Support Engineer;Luxoft India Llp;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;3-6 Years;Not Specified;"Project Description We build the platform, which supports client onboarding in global financial institution. This platform includes processing of onboarding requests as they flow from Clients to Sales to Operations and to downstream processing functions. Application functionality is decomposed into business process management, business rules/workflows configuration, reporting / dashboards and workload management functions e.g. work prioritization, SLA management, notifications etc. Technically solution includes BPM engine, rules engine, reporting engine, metadata configuration components; most of these components are exposed via end-user facing interacting web applications. The platform is used by both external and internal users, it is mission critical as part client experience upgrade roadmap. There is a potential to develop machine learning and process mining solutions as add-ons to the platform, given the delivery of planned features is on target. Responsibilities You will be part of team which will: - Troubleshoot day-to-day user issues on all environments - Handle escalations to other teams as appropriate - Participate in UAT/PROD releases - Train Prod support on issues You personally will be: - Solely responsible for operations and support of an online tool workflow and questionnaire builder, used by a globally distribute group of users - Serve as a primary - direct and personal - contact point for any technical and usage questions and issues - Intimately familiar with the application code-level design and implementation - Expert in the application functionality Skills Must - At least 3+ years of proven experience in a L2 / L3 lead position - Analytical mindset - Excellent communication skills - 3+ years of working in complex enterprise setup - Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously - Experience of working within a shared services function with a diverse client base - Expertise in process management including current state, pain point recognition and future state design Nice to have - Leadership from the ground up attitude - Basic SQL knowledge - Good Excel knowledge - A broad understanding of stack of technologies such as Java, Mongo, RestAPI, XML, ELK, Unix Languages English: Upper-intermediate"
Sr. Data Architect;Prosum Technology Services;Other India;4-7 Years;Not Specified;Senior Data Architect JOB DESCRIPTION Responsible to plan, design, develop and maintain the data architecture, data models and standards for various Data Integration projects in RSD.Ensure new features and subject areas are modeled to integrate with existing structures and provide a consistent view. Develop and maintain documentation of the data architecture, data flow and data models of the data warehouse appropriate for various audiences. Provide direction on adoption of Cloud technologies (AWS, Snowflake etc.) and industry best practices in the field of data warehouse architecture and modeling. FACTORS FOR SUCCESS / Qualifications Bachelor s degree in Information technology or related field, with a Master’ s degree in Computer science or data science preferred 7+ years of experience in end-to-end data modeling, designing and building multi-dimensional enterprise data warehouses using Oracle or similar platforms Excellent communication, technical documentation and collaboration skills Strong experience using data modeling tools, such as Erwin or ER/ Studio Strong SQL skills and knowledge of database objects such as stored procedures, materialized views, synonyms, and indexes Experience working with multiple databases such as Oracle, SQL Server, DB2, and/or MySQL Experience working with AWS technologies (S3, Redshift, Glue, Athena, Spectrum) and Snow flake is strongly preferred Experience with Informatica, Control M, Micro Strategy, Tableau is a plus Experience in the domain of financial services preferred
Group Product Manager-funded Big Data Fintech Startup;Hyrezy Talent Solutions;Delhi, Delhi NCR;6-10 Years;3000000-3500000;"Job Role : Group Product Manager (GPM) Job Location : Delhi Experience Required : 6+ Years Budget : 30-35 LPA Our client is an intelligent financial connector, that works very closely with its clients and partners who are in the financial domain. These can include payment networks, banks, Non-Banking Financial firms (NBFCs- ) and a network of industry partners from various verticals. They are looking for a strong, dynamic group product manager(GPM) whocan mentor and manage a team of product managers and support the Chief Product Officer in strategizing and execution of the product roadmap for the short, medium and long term.  Responsibilities and Duties - Manage/mentor one or more product managers and be accountable for their success - Collaborate with the entire business team, product team and Data Science team to create new revenue streams - Analyze, identify and quantify opportunities for new markets, new product features and new ideas - Prepare, present and implement business plans and business cases for existing and new product features/lines for new/existing markets - Understand customer needs and develop product requirements in line with them - Develop market requirements, business cases, product requirements and business plan documentation - Work with the business to ensure quality product delivery - Collaborate on product definitions and product roadmaps - Make decisions, share or champion enhancements or new products for the product line supporting the overall business - Ensure compliance needs are met and addressed in every aspect of the product implementation - Conduct financial analysis - forecasting, tracking, analysis and reporting of the product cost and revenue - Set product positioning in the market and ensure competitive advantage - Setup baseline product pricing, deployment requirements and pricing market fit - Continuously monitor competitor and industry development - Act as a primary product knowledge source for the business - Demonstrate extreme tracking capabilities, anticipate roadblocks in feature development - Create marketing communication material - Create and develop sales collateral, training material and presentations for promotional activities - Have a data first attitude, define and monitor product launch readiness and success metrics - Provide product communication to a wide variety of audience, both external and internal - Work closely with sales and marketing teams on go to market plans - Act as the primary evangelist and champion for the product/product line - Maintain expertise in the product, market and business trends - Cultivate deep relationships with other department heads to enable smooth flow of external market conditions/scenarios  Qualifications We are looking for product managers who are logical, data driven thinkers. A candidate applying for this role must know how to - - Be Transparent about their prioritiation and roadmap process - Be able to say  No , but explain why in terms that all stakeholders understand - Be able to generate consensus among strong-willed leadership - Be a brutal prioritizer while balancing the needs of customers and stakeholders - Bring evidence-based deicision-making to your communication  Education Level Bachelors degree; MBA preferred  Experience Level - 5-8 yeard of proven experience as a product manager with demonstrated success in defining and launching an excellent product  Specific Skills - Excellent written and oral communication skills - Technical background in developing software products (B2B) - Excellent teamwork skills - Proven ability to influence cross-functional teams without any formal reporting structure - Must be open to travel - Examples of effective documentation delivered in the past - Abiity to define tracking metrics on top of kanban/agile tracking software to ensure smooth, timely delivery of product features"
Software Engineer;Disys India Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;;Not Specified;Job Description : Sr. Software Engineer Required Skillset: A working knowledge of most of these technologies and concepts is required: Micro-services architecture and Restful API design concepts Object-oriented and functional programming Application Message Queues RabbitMQ, KafkaAgile Methodologies – Kanban, Iterative Development, Spikes, SCRUM Languages – Python, Go, Java, Scala, Javascript Data Science Languages  Python, R, JuliaWeb Technologies  Django, Apache, AJAX, REST, RPC /gPRC /Protobuf, Flask Automated Testing – PyUnit, Cucumber, Rspec, WATIR, Continuous Integration Frameworks Datastores  Postgre SQL, MongoDB, Redis, Neo4J, Oracle, SQL Server Operating Systems – Linux, Mac OS Essential tasks /responsibilities: Application Design and Development (50%) Research and promote the adoption of agile development best practices (e.g., writing test-first code, pairing etc.) Develop automated solutions to inefficient or repetitive development tasksIdentify frameworks and tools that are best-suited for the task at hand Develop technical specifications and/or prototypes that satisfy functional requirementsRefactor code wherever possible Research and promote the adoption of automated testing solutionsTroubleshoot and resolve problems with existing application codeAssist with in-depth analysis of technical problems, suggest short- term and long-term resolutions.Develop and deploy application features and bug fixes according to technical specifications Write clean, well-factored code Write test cases for all application codeFollow established source control and deployment practices to help ensure reliable product releases Contribute to system and user documentationParticipate in any of the phases of the software development lifecycle as requested Perform other related duties incidental to the work described herein Application Support 25% Provide level 3 application support Troubleshoot application problems Develop and deploy bug fixes and patches Required Training/ Skills/ Competencies: Education/ training Required: Bachelors degree in a related field, or equivalent combination of education and technical experience Experience Required: Five years of directly related experience Preferred: Direct experience using object-oriented programming languages, developing web applications, web services, and/or back-end infrastructure for mobile applications
Data Analyst;TECHNOSOFT GLOBAL SERVICES (P) LTD.;India;3-6 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Minimum 1-2 years of work experience in the fields of information science, data management and/or computer science. 2.Bachelor €™s degree in Information Science, Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics or a quantitative discipline in science, business, or social science. 3.Experience with standard data entry systems,Excellent computer skills including proficiency in MS Excel 2010, Word and Outlook,standard analytic and reporting systems with some exposure to programming languages like SQL and tools like Excel, Access etc. 4.Experience in accessing and executing end user reports and dashboards from any reporting tool is a plus. 5.Strong analytical, thinking out of the box and decision making skills.Able to think logically, organize work flows efficiently, and solve problems independently. 6.Reliable, self-motivated, and self-disciplined individual capable of planning and executingmultiple projects simultaneously within a fast paced environment. 7.Effective written and verbal communication skills, including technical writing. 8.Excellent technical, analytical and organizational skills. 9.Strong organizational skills and the ability to deal with large volumes of data. 10.Demonstrated consistency in values, principles and work ethic. 11.Ability to multi-task, work successfully under pressure, and effectively prioritize and manage time and workload to meet client needs 12.A desire to work within a diverse, collaborative, and driven professional environment. 13.Working and conceptual knowledge of databases is a plus.
HADOOP LEAD;Resource Access Management Solutions Private Limited;India;7-8 Years;Not Specified;Job description Hadoop Lead: Bachelors degree in Computer Science / Engineering or equivalent with 7-8 yrs of experience • 7-8 years hands-on experience in a technical role. • 2-3 Years of Hadoop exp • 6+ years ETL experience with data warehousing, data modeling, and enterprise BI ETL development (Informatica, IBM DataStage, Oracle Data Integrator, etc.). At least 3+ yrs experience in HADOOP is must. • Should be able to lead 2-3 team members to drive technically for the deliverables • Should be able to develop and review medium to high complexity HIVE scripts independently • Worked with Agile methodologies in a business intelligence or data modeling / warehouse context (e.g. Kimball methodology). • Good knowledge in Unix Shell scripting and Windows based BI platforms a big plus. • Good experience working with distributed and remote teams. • Good experience using SQL in a DB2, Oracle or SQL Server. The platform is not important. • Development experience on Apache Kudu, Impala will be an added advantage • Experience in working on CDH 5.14 will be an added advantage • Understanding of application architecture and technology infrastructure preferred. • Able to learn technical concepts quickly and apply them effectively in the workplace. • Able to adapt to changing business requirements and react quickly • Strong customer focus and results oriented attitude. Self-motivated individual & able to work independently Organization Write-Up This leading Global IT Company, a leading information technology, consulting and business process services company, and this company, a leader in technology-enabled health, wealth, HR and finance solutions, today announced a long-term relationship which will reshape the HR services industry by providing clients with the breadth and depth of capabilities from the two industry-leading organizations. This strategic partnership [1] will enable the company to accelerate investment in consumer-facing technologies and services across its health, wealth and cloud businesses by leveraging the companys industry-leading strengths in automation, machine learning and data analytics. Additionally, it will acquire and take on responsibility for the services delivered from the companys India locations. It has developed a rich set of technology and delivery capabilities across its India centers located in Gurgaon, Noida, Mumbai and Chennai. This Leading IT company is a leading global information technology, consulting and business process services company. We harness the power of cognitive computing, hyper-automation, robotics, cloud, analytics and emerging technologies to help our clients adapt to the digital world and make them successful. A company recognized globally for its comprehensive portfolio of services, strong commitment to sustainability and good corporate citizenship, we have over 160,000 dedicated employees serving clients across six continents. Together, we discover ideas and connect the dots to build a better and a bold new future. As a leading provider of benefits administration and cloud-based HR and financial solutions, we enhance work and life through our service, technology and data. Our dedicated colleagues across 14 global centers deliver an unrivaled consumer experience for our clients and their people.
Business Analyst (eCommerce);Prosum Technology Services;India;3-6 Years;Not Specified;JOB OVERVIEW We are looking to add a Business Analyst for Search to our client’ s Product Division. This role will work closely with the company’ s product, engineers and data scientists to analyze customer search behavior and deliver improvements to the site search capabilities. You need to have the finger on the pulse of the users and be comfortable diving into large data sets to derive meaningful customer insights that drives the Search roadmap. To do this, you need be confident, energetic, flexible, hands-on, and ready to drive change in a dynamic and rapidly-growing environment. REQUIREMENTS FOR THE ROLE A Bachelor’ s degree (Emphasis in Computer Science preferred) Experience working in the ecommerce domain with a strong understanding of ecommerce principles and their application to Search Hands on experience with measuring Search engagement, relevance and ranking Experience with analyzing the behavior of international customers across multiple languages Experience identifying and analyzing data patterns in large data sets Experience analyzing and validating features which use machine learning and personalization Experience measuring feature performance and experiment outcomes, and reporting on relevant key search metricsWorked closely with stakeholder groups to collect feedback on search improvement suggestions, write user stories, review and validate test cases to ensure requirements are being met through solutions built A strong understanding of SQL, Bigquery, Excel A strong sense of ownership and ability to work independently A solid understanding of UX/UI best practices Experience with application life-cycle management systems (Jira, Microsoft Team Foundation Server, etc.) Experience working with international teams in a global e-commerce setting is preferred Strong business acumen, problem solving & negotiation skills, analytical thinking At least 3 years of Business/Data Analyst experience in the Search domain An understanding of Enterprise Search Engine technologies (Solr, Elasticsearch, etc.) DESIRED ATTRIBUTES Working in a fast-paced environment Having an Agile mindset and being accountable for my role in the business Producing quality work error free Having the opportunity to collaborate with peers Open and honest communication with the best interests of the business in mindSense of Teamwork Being able to use sound judgement and reasoning skills in order to resolve, identify or escalate issues
New Vacuncy For Mechanical Engineers;Jailaxmi Enterprises;Pune;0-4 Years;110000-440000;"Job Description We have urgent requirement for Mechanical Engineers. Job type: - on roll/full time Required Experience: - 0 to 4 years About company ;- core automobile sector If any other information contact us to 7264072330 (HR)"
Mechanical Engineering Automobile Engineer job / Production/QC  AutoCAD;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai;0-2 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Mechanical Engineering Automobile Engineer job / Production/QC AutoCAD 8425014502Salary-120000-22000 Qualification:- BE / B.TECH, Diploma in Automobile, Engineering, Production/Industrial or Mechanical preferred Salary-120000-22000 call hr tejal-8425014502 Skills:-Solidworks, Product Design, Oil, Gas, Power, Utilities , CATIA, Autocad, Production, Quality ControlLocation:- Gender:- Male & Female preferred Age :-18-35 Shift Time :-10: 00 am - 6:00 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly of :-Sunday Interview Time:- 11:00 am - 4:00 pm | Monday to saturday
Mechanical Engineering,  Mechanical Design Engineer,  Automobile Engineer job 9152214394;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Mechanical Engineering, Mechanical Design Engineer, Automobile Engineer job 9152214394 Salary Offered:-12000 to 25000 Per month  Education :-Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech)/ ( Iti ) (Diploma) Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) mandatory Experience :-0 TO 6 month Experience as Production/ Quality Control/ Mechanical Design in mandatory Manufacturing / Mechanical Engineering preferred  Mechanical Engineers Job Skill:-3D (Computer Aided Design) CAD Analytical Thinking Assemble Project Deliverables Assist With Field and Manufacturing Problems Assist With Shipping of Equipment Prior to Deployment Analyze Test Results and Adjust Design if Needed AutoCAD Automated Model Programming Complete Assigned Tasks Within Time and Cost Restraints Convert Basic Design Information and Requirements Into Working Drawings Develop and Test Prototypes Clearly Explain Design Ideas CAD (Computer Aided Design) Comfortable Writing Technical Reports Communication Computer Skills Create Blueprints Using CAD (Computer Aided Design) Creativity Design Mechanical Device Projects Detail Oriented Develop Design Calculations Develop Project Scope and Timeline Drafting Standards and Geometric, Dimension, & Tolerancing (GD&T) Engineering Product Data Management Software (EPDM) Ensure Designs Meet Legal Guidelines and Safety Requirements Identify Potential Design Improvements Knowledgeable of Machining and Fabrication Process Make Regular Site Visits Manage and Monitor Each Stage of Project Math Skills Mechanical Skills Microsoft Office Suite Experience Oversee Project Manufacturing Process Perform Equipment and System Calculations Prepare Designs and Estimates Prepare Conclusion and Analysis Reports Pro-E CREO Computer Aided Design Software Proactive and Willing to Take on New Challenges Problem Solving Product Validation Experience Provide Cost Estimates for Materials, Equipment, and/or Labor Read and Interpret Drawings and Specifications Recommend Modifications for Design Improvements and Simplification Research Materials for Future Design Opportunities and Usage Sound Knowledge of Engineering Fundamentals Strong Presenter Teamwork Test Building Materials Troubleshoot Equipment to Solve Problems Understand Diagrams, Drafts, Flow-Charts, and Other Information and Documentation Use Notes, Sketches, and Verbal Instructions to Complete Project Design Use Software to Design Within Industry and Government Standards Write and Maintain Operating Procedures and Standards Work Effectively Under Pressure Work to Improve and Maintain Existing Products Location:-thane / sion / vashi / panvel / nerul / navi mumbai  / andheri / mira rd / kandiwali / vasai  Gender:- Male & Female preferred  Age :-Above 18 yrs Shift Time :-10: 00 am - 6:00 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly of :-Sunday Interview Time:- 10:00 am - 5:00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person:-Priti Contact Details:-Click To Call HR:-9152214394
Piping Layout Engineer-FPSO;Aarvi Encon Limited;Mumbai;3-10 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Piping Layout Engineer-FPSO EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS :B.E. – Mechanical/ Civil/Structural (from Recognized University) YEARS OF EXPERIENCE :3 -10 Years  JOB DESCRIPTION: Experience in FPSO topside detail engineering as Lead/ Area lead/ Module in charge is a must. Conversant with design requirements for FPSO and modularized structures, capable of handling teams, manages interfaces, attend Model Reviews, and issue construction deliverables adhering to the project quality requirements.
EXP. FRESHER FOR CIVIL ENGINEER SITE ENGINEER ELECTRICAL ENGINEER MACHINICAL ENGINEER FOR  Guwahati;Z Plus Zone;Guwahati, Dibrugarh;;Not Specified;Job Description The construction sector includes the construction of commercial, industrial, and residential buildings and engineering projects like roads, bridges, and utility systems. Construction includes both new construction and remodeling, additions, maintenance, and repairs.
Electronics Engineer,  Electrical Engineer, Electronics Design, Electrical Designer job 9152214394;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Job Description urgent opening for  electronics & electrical engineer  Electronics Engineer, Electrical Engineer, Electronics Design, Electrical Designer job 9152214394 Salary Offered:-12000 to 25000 Per month  Education :-Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) (Diploma)  /Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) in Electrical, Electronics/Design  / Telecommunication or Production/Industrial preferred  Experience:-fresher  & 6 month of experience as Electrical Engineer or Electronics Engineer in Electronics / Electrical preferred Location:-thane / dadar / andheri / mira rd / vasai / vashi / panvel / kandiwali / goregaon / malad / krula / vikhroli Gender:- Male & Female preferred  Age :-Above 18 yrs Shift Time :-10: 00 am - 6:30 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly of :-Sunday Interview Time:- 11:00 am - 4:00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person:-priyanka Contact Details:-Click To Call HR:-9152214394
mechanical Engineer;New Global Technologies;Noida, Pune;0-5 Years;Not Specified;"Job Description Mechanical engineers plan, design, organise and supervise the development of mines, mine facilities, systems and equipment; and prepare and supervise the extraction of metallic or non-metallic minerals and ores from underground or surface mines."
Hire For Mechanical Engineers;Jailaxmi Enterprises;Mumbai, Pune;0-4 Years;210000-330000;"Job Description We have urgent requirement for Mechanical Engineers. Job type: - on roll/full time Required Experience: - 0 to 4 years About company ;- core automobile sector If any other information contact us to 7264072330 (HR)"
Mechanical Engineer,  Mechanical Design,  Automobile Engineer, Petroleum job 9152214394;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Mechanical Engineer, Mechanical Design, Automobile Engineer, Petroleum job 9152214394 Salary Offered:-12000 to 25000 Per month  Qualification:- Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) / (Diploma ) Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) in Mechanical preferred  Experience :-Freshers & 6 month  as Mechanical Engineer in Manufacturing / Design Engineering or Automobile preferred  Skills:- CATIA, Autocad, Solidworks  Location:-thane / dadar / andheri / mira rd / vasai / vashi / panvel / kandiwali / goregaon / malad / krula / ghatkopar Gender:- Male & Female preferred Shift Time :-9: 00 am - 6:00 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly off :-sunday, Interview Time:- 11:00 am - 4:00 pm | Monday to Friday Contact Person:-priyanka Contact Details:-Click To Call HR:-9152214394
Required Mechanical Engineers.;Jailaxmi Enterprises;Pune, Nashik;0-3 Years;110000-440000;"Job Description  Job summary;- We have urgent requirement for Mechanical Engineers. Job type: - on roll/full time Required Experience: - 0 to 3 years About company ;- core automobile sector If any other information contact us to 7264072330 (HR)"
Mechanical engineer,Design Engineer, CAD Draftsman;Karan IT Solutions;Kolkata, Pune;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Should be Degree or Diploma Holder (Mech.) Experienced user, good knowledge of Autocad, MS Office, MS Project, MEP software and ERP (Baan, SAP or similar) will be preferred ,Preparing 2D, 3D drawings. Piping knowledge. Preparing Bill of Material. Preparing GA & fabrication drawing, general arrangment drawing, isometric drawings. Preparing Piping layouts.
Mechanical Engineering,  Mechanical Design Engineering, Automobile Engineer job 9152214394;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Mechanical Engineering, Mechanical Design Engineering, Automobile Engineer job 9152214394 Salary Offered:-10000  to 20000  + PF + Other Benefits  Education:-Diploma in Automobile, Engineering, Production/Industrial or Mechanical preferred Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech)/Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) in Production/Mechanical Design /  Industrial, Mechanical or Automobile preferred  Skills:-Solidworks, Product Design, Oil, Gas, Power, Utilities , CATIA, Autocad, Production, Quality Control  Experience:-Freshers as Production/ Quality Control/ Maintenance/ Design  preferred Location:-thane / vashi / mira rd / ghatkopar / goregaon  / sion / panvel / vashi /  belapur  / virar / vasai Gender:- Male & Female preferred Age :-Above 18 yrs Shift Time :-10: 00 am - 6:00 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly of :-Sunday Interview Time:- 11:00 am - 4:00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person:-priti Contact Details:-Click To Call HR:-9152214394
Mechanical Engineer;Career Infosolution;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Chennai;0-2 Years;340000-459999;"Job Description Assures system and product quality by designing testing methods; testing finished-product and system capabilities; and confirming fabrication, assembly, and installation processes.Prepares product reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing information and trends. Provides engineering information by answering questions and requests. Maintains product and company reputation by complying with government regulations. Keeps equipment operational by coordinating maintenance and repair services; following manufacturer’s instructions and established procedures; and requesting special services."
Opening For Fresher Mechanical  Engineer Both Candidate Can Apply 8422051372;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Opening For Fresher Mechanical Engineer Both Candidate Can Apply 8422051372  Mumbai/New Mumbai/ Head Office Mulund Interview Aaj Mulund Me Hai Call Now:-Jenni 8422051372Age 18 to 35 Salary 12k to 18k(Depended on Interview) Male/Female Candidate Can Apply Fresher Can Apply Head Office Mulund Carry CV,Passport Size Photo Walk In Interview Hurry Up Guys Urgent Vacancy For Fresher
sp3d electrical;Sigma Simulations;Pune;3-8 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Min 3 years in S3D and 5 years in layout Modelling , clash checking , 2D drawing drafting Job Location: Pune Min Qualification criteria.: DME Job Type: Contract
Urgent opening for All types of ENGINEERS in Bahrain;I Square Consultancy;Bahrain;1-7 Years;Not Specified;Job Description We are looking for all NON IT ENGINEERS  to Maldives. (Only MALE candidates) Description Job Position : Engineer Qualification : ITI / Diploma / Degree Experience : 1 to 7 years (Indian Experience or gulf experience can apply) Salary : 120BD - 400BD (23,000 - 76,000RS)  Contract Period : 2 years  AIR Ticket Free Accommodation , Transportation & Medical are company providing  (No Food )
Mechanical Engineer  civil engineer  Electrical engineer Mechanical design engineer Maintenance AutoCAD;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Mechanical Engineer civil engineer Electrical engineer Mechanical design engineer Maintenance AutoCAD MUMBAI /NAVI MUMBAI HEAD OFFICE MULUND INTERVIEW : AAJ MULUND 18  TO 35 SALARY : 10 K TO 18 K DEPENDS UPON YOUR INTERVIEW EXPERIENCE CAN APPLY FRESHERS ARE WEL COME GOOD
Draftsman for Manufacturing Industry, Draftsman Auto Cad;null;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;2-12 Years;229999-4540000;Job Description 1) Develop detailed design drawings and specifications for mechanical equipment, dies/tools, and controls, using computer-assisted drafting (CAD) equipment. 2) Coordinate with and consult other workers to design, lay out, or detail components and systems and to resolve design or other problems. 3) Review and analyze specifications, sketches, drawings, ideas, and related data to assess factors affecting component designs and the procedures and instructions to be followed. 4) Compute mathematical formulas to develop and design detailed specifications for components or machinery, using computer-assisted equipment. 5) Position instructions and comments onto drawings. 6) Modify and revise designs to correct operating deficiencies or to reduce production problems. 7) Design scale or full- blueprints of specialty items, such as furniture and automobile body or chassis components. 8) Check dimensions of materials to be used and assign numbers to the materials. 9) Draw freehand sketches of designs, trace finished drawings onto designated paper for the reproduction of blueprints, and reproduce working drawings on copy machines.
Hire Diploma Fresher;Jailaxmi Enterprises;Pune;0-3 Years;110000-220000;"Job Description  Job summary;- We have urgent requirement for Mechanical Engineers. Job type: - on roll/full time Required Experience: - 0 to 3 years About company ;- core automobile sector If any other information contact us to 7887338944 (HR)"
Urgent Requirement For Mechanical Engineers.;Jailaxmi Enterprises;Pune, Nashik;0-3 Years;210000-330000;"Job Description  Job summary;- We have urgent requirement for Mechanical Engineers. Job type: - on roll/full time Required Experience: - 0 to 3 years About company ;- core automobile sector If any other information contact us to 8956665447 (HR"
Engineers Trainee to Europe;Asha Kiran Immigration Services Private Limited;Other International;0-4 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Dear Candidate, Asha Kiran offers Golden opportunity for Engineers to Europe Golden opportunity to update and upgrade your life in European countries Fresher’s Welcome, Don’t wait for job offers and VISA from recruiters, to begin or advance your career in Engineers. Don’t worry if gulf opportunity closed. Europe calls you. Explore the opportunities in Schengen Countries. Qualification:-B.Tech/Diploma Benefits:- • IELTS not necessary • Get Visa within 2 months ratio 100% • Explore international opportunities in Schengen Countries. • Unlimited opportunities in the continent. • Fulfill your dream to job in abroad and make a career. • Europe continent offers endless job for Engineers. • Make your own future in highly paid countries in Europe. Please mail your bio data and copies of all documents immediately and contact us in our nearest center for registration. Warm Regards, ASHAKIRAN Immigration Services Pvt. Ltd B-1/507,1st Floor, District Centre, Janakpuri, New Delhi-110058 Ph: +91- 9015100500 Branch Chalakudy Thrissur & Kottayam Kerala www.ashakiranimmigration.com ashakiran.euro[AT]gmail.com Alights Your Overseas Dreams!!!!!
New Vacuncy For Mechanical Engineers;Jailaxmi Enterprises;Mumbai, Pune;0-4 Years;140000-440000;"Job Description We have urgent requirement for Mechanical Engineers. Job type: - on roll/full time Required Experience: - 0 to 4years About company ;- core automobile sector If any other information contact us to 7887338944 (HR)"
Required Design Engineers.;Jailaxmi Enterprises;Pune;0-1 Years;110000-320000;Job Description We have urgent requirement for Design Engineers. Job type :- on roll,full time Required Experience:- 0 to 1 years About company :- core sector If any other information contact us to 7264072330 ( HR)
mechanical Engineer;New Global Technologies;Noida, Pune;0-5 Years;Not Specified;"Job Description Mechanical engineers plan, design, organise and supervise the development of mines, mine facilities, systems and equipment; and prepare and supervise the extraction of metallic or non-metallic minerals and ores from underground or surface mines."
Hire For Designe Engineer;Jailaxmi Enterprises;Pune, Nashik;0-1 Years;210000-320000;"Job Description  Job summary;- We have urgent requirement for Design Engineers. Job type: - on roll/full time Required Experience: - 0 to  years About company ;- core automobile sector If any other information contact us to 7264072330 (HR)"
Industrial Maintenance Technician with advanced mechanical knowledge of industrial machinery;Keyquest Technologies Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Chennai;1-3 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Industrial Maintenance Technician Responsibilities:  • Reading and interpreting engineering blueprints. • Installing new production equipment. • Servicing and maintaining equipment including motors, conveyor systems, transmission systems, and production-related equipment. • Inspecting and assessing the functionality of production machines. • Troubleshooting mechanical breakdowns. • Adjusting mechanical parts using hand and machine tools. • Fabricating parts for repairs and machine upgrades. • Conducting routine maintenance and safety checks. • Communicating with the production team and maintaining a clean work area. • Preparing and submitting maintenance reports.  Industrial Maintenance Technician Requirements:  • Bachelor’s degree in Mechanical Engineering or similar field. • Previous work experience as an Industrial Maintenance Technician. • In-depth knowledge of mechanical and electrical systems maintenance. • Knowledge of parametric and industrial control systems. • Familiarity with Govt. safety standards and regulations. • Excellent troubleshooting skills. • Basic computer and report writing skills. • Good communication skills. • Ability to lift and manipulate heavy equipment. • Good time-management skills.
Mechanical engineer, production,Design Engineer, Quality checking/ HVAC;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-2 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Mechanical engineer, production,Design Engineer, Quality checking/ HVAC Salary Offered:-12000 to 20000 Per month Qualification:- Diploma pass & Be & B.tech Pass Only Mumbai candidate can apply for this job   Responsibilities and Duties Good in communication Sound presentation skills Quick learner Confident, energetic and has the appetite to work in a start-up and grow faster Qualifications and Skills Diploma in Mechanical and Automobile Engineering.
Mechanical Engineering,  Mechanical Design Engineering,  Automobile Engineer job 9152214394;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Mechanical Engineering, Mechanical Design Engineering, Automobile Engineer job 9152214394  Salary Offered:-12000 to 25000 Per month + PF + Other Benefits Education:- Diploma in Automobile, Engineering, Production/ Design /  Industrial or Mechanical preferred Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech)/Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) in Production/ Design / Industrial, Mechanical or Automobile preferred  Skills:-CATIA, Autocad,  Automotive Products,  Mechanical Design  Experience:-0 to 6 months of experience as Engineering in Manufacturing / Design  Engineering or Automobile preferred Location:-thane, / sion / vashi / panvel / navi Mumbai / andheri / goregaon / mira rd / vasai / kurla Gender:- Male & Female preferred  Age :-Above 18 yrs Shift Time :-10: 00 am - 6:00 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly of :-Sunday Interview Time:- 11:00 am - 4:00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person:-priti Contact Details:-Click To Call HR:-9152214394
Required Diploma Mechanical;Jailaxmi Enterprises;Pune;0-1 Years;110000-220000;"Job Description  Job summary;- We have urgent requirement for Diploma Mechanical Engineers. Job type: - on roll/full time Required Experience: - 0 to 1 years About company ;- core automobile sector If any other information contact us to 7264072330 (HR)"
Mechanical engineer,Design Engineer,CAD Draftsman;Karan IT Solutions;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Hyderabad / Secunderabad;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Should be Degree or Diploma Holder (Mech.) Experienced user, good knowledge of Autocad, MS Office, MS Project, MEP software and ERP (Baan, SAP or similar) will be preferred ,Preparing 2D, 3D drawings. Piping knowledge. Preparing Bill of Material. Preparing GA & fabrication drawing, general arrangment drawing, isometric drawings. Preparing Piping layouts.
Mechanical Engineer,  Mechanical Design Engineer,  Automobile Engineer job 9152214394;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Mechanical Engineer, Mechanical Design Engineer, Automobile Engineer job 9152214394 Salary Offered:-12000 to 20000 Per month Education :-Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) / Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) in Mechanical preferred Diploma in Mechanical preferred Experience :-Freshers  & 6 month  Experience  as Mechanical Engineer / Mechanical Design / Engineering or Automobile preferred Location:-thane / /masjid bunder / andheri / mira rd / vasai / vashi / panvel / kandiwali / goregaon / malad / krula / mulund Gender:- Male & Female preferred  Age :-Above 18 yrs Shift Time :-10: 00 am - 6:30 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly of :-Sunday Interview Time:- 11:00 am - 4:00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person:-priti Contact Details:-Click To Call HR:-9152214394
Piping Stress Engineer – FPSO;Aarvi Encon Limited;Mumbai;3-10 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Piping Stress Engineer – FPSO EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS :B.E. – Mechanical/ Civil/Structural (from Recognized University) YEARS OF EXPERIENCE :3 -10 Years  JOB DESCRIPTION: Experience in analysis of piping systems for FPSO including effects of acceleration conditions, structural deflection due to module movements /hull deflection, fatigue analysis, support loading details, analysis of non-metallic piping and cryogenic piping etc..
Mechanical Engineer, Mechanical Project Engineer;null;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;2-12 Years;229999-4540000;Job Description Major Responsibilities -  Prepare & Review of DPR. Preparations of Technical Specifications, Review of vender drawings, Bid Evaluation Report. Technical Due Diligence Report, Lender Engineering, Independent Engineering Assignment. Make site visit & prepare Construction Monitoring Report. Make site visit & prepare Operation & Maintenance Review Report. Preparation of TEV Reports for Lenders & Investors. Opine on the Technical inputs & Financial & Models.
Mechanical Engineer, Mechanical Project Engineer;null;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;2-12 Years;229999-4540000;Job Description Major Responsibilities -  Prepare & Review of DPR. Preparations of Technical Specifications, Review of vender drawings, Bid Evaluation Report. Technical Due Diligence Report, Lender Engineering, Independent Engineering Assignment. Make site visit & prepare Construction Monitoring Report. Make site visit & prepare Operation & Maintenance Review Report. Preparation of TEV Reports for Lenders & Investors. Opine on the Technical inputs & Financial & Models.
Mechanical Engineering,  Mechanical Design Engineer ,  Automobile Engineer;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Mechanical Engineering, Mechanical Design Engineer , Automobile Engineer  Salary Offered:-12000 to 25000 Per month  Education:-Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech)/ ( Iti ) (Diploma) Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) mandatory Skill:- production, maintenance, quality, Design, autocad,  solidworks Experience :- Freshers & 6 month  Experience  as Production/ Quality Control/ Mechanical Design / in Mechanical  mandatory Manufacturing  Location:- thane / dadar / andheri / mira rd / vasai / vashi / panvel / kandiwali / goregaon / malad / krula / vikhroli  Gender:- Male & Female preferred Age :-Above 18 yrs Shift Time :-10: 00 am - 6:30 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days 
Mechanical Engineer, Mechanical Design Engineer,  Automobile Engineer job 9152214394;null;Mumbai, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Mechanical Engineer, Mechanical Design Engineer, Automobile Engineer job 9152214394 Salary Offered:-12000 to 25000 Per month + PF + Other Benefits  Education:-Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech)/ (Diploma) Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) in Production/Industrial, Mechanical Design or Automobile preferred Skills:-CATIA, Autocad, Solidworks, engineer skills, Production, quality control  Experience:-Freshers as Mechanical Engineer in Manufacturing / Mechanical Design or Automobile preferred  Location:-thane / sion / panvel /  nerul / vashi / andheri / goregaon /  kandiwali / virar  / mumbai central Gender:- Male & Female preferred  Age :-Above 18 yrs Shift Time :-10: 00 am - 6:00 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly of :-Sunday Interview Time:- 11:00 am - 4:00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person:-priti Contact Details:-Click To Call HR:-9152214394
Mechanical Engineers - Australia/Canada BarPr;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia, Canada;3-12 Years;1600000-3000000;Job Description Mechanical engineers perform some or all of the following duties: Conduct research into the feasibility, design, operation and performance of mechanisms, components and systems  Plan and manage projects, and prepare material, cost and timing estimates, reports and design specifications for machinery and systems  Design power plants, machines, components, tools, fixtures and equipment  Analyze dynamics and vibrations of mechanical systems and structures  Supervise and inspect the installation, modification and commissioning of mechanical systems at construction sites or in industrial facilities  Develop maintenance standards, schedules and programs and provide guidance to industrial maintenance crews  Investigate mechanical failures or unexpected maintenance problems  Prepare contract documents and evaluate tenders for industrial construction or maintenance  Supervise technicians, technologists and other engineers and review and approve designs, calculations and cost estimates
Production Engineer CAD Industrial Engineer. Supervisor Equipment Maintenance Technician;Keyquest Technologies Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Gurgaon / Gurugram;2-5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Production Engineer Responsibilities:  • Supervising the manufacturing processes, ensuring quality work is done in a safe, efficient manner. • Liaising with other engineers to develop plans that improve production, costs, and labor required. • Diagnosing problems in the production line and providing recommendations and training. • Establishing safety procedures and protocols that take the workers well-being into account, and that also minimize the carbon footprint. • Keeping abreast of advancements in engineering and production, and sharing knowledge with co-workers. • Identifying, documenting, and reporting unsafe practices. • Drawing up production schedules and budgets for projects. • Scheduling meetings with relevant departments and stakeholders. • Analysing all facets of production and making recommendations for improvement. • Obtaining any materials and equipment required.  Production Engineer Requirements:  • Degree in Industrial Engineering • Prior 3-5 years of experience in similar role • Can handle trainee engineers and mentor them on need basis • Experience with CAD software & MS Office • Can work under pressure by adhering to timelines & deadlines • Superb analytical, problem-solving, and critical thinking skills. • Strong leadership abilities • Superb written and verbal communication skills. • Ability to make decisions under pressure. • Great attention to detail and organizational skills
Mechanical Engineer,  Mechanical Design,  Automobile Engineer,  Oil & Gas job 9152214394;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Mechanical Engineer, Mechanical Design, Automobile Engineer, Oil & Gas, Piping job 9152214394  Salary Offered:-12000 to 25000 Per month  Education :-Diploma in Mechanical preferred Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) / Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) in Mechanical preferred Skills:- CATIA, Autocad, Solidworks Experience:-0 to 6 month Experience  Mechanical Engineer in Manufacturing / Engineering or Automobile preferred Location:-thane / sion / andheri / virar / mira rd/ vashi / panvel / kandiwali / goregaon / malad / krula  Gender:- Male & Female preferred Age :-Above 18 yrs Shift Time :-10: 00 am - 6:00 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly of :-Sunday Interview Time:- 11:00 am - 4:00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person:-priti Contact Details:-Click To Call HR:-9152214394
Production Engineer, Production Manager, Production Supervisor;null;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;2-12 Years;229999-4540000;Job Description He must have an in depth knowledge of process and manufacturing operations. Experience in continuous improvement, engineering, operations and quality and management would be an added advantage. He should possess excellent verbal and written communications skills with ability to demonstrate strong managerial, interpersonal and analytical skills. Knowledge of manufacturing process and understanding of drawings are prime requirements. Awareness of Computer is a must.
Design Engineer;null;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Delhi;0-5 Years;350000-650000;Job Description Job Description:Fresher Design Engineer, Design Engineer Mechanical, Electrical  Very Urgent Requirement If Your Profile Matches The Above Requirement And If Youre Interested In The Above Opening Kindly Email Your Resume At The Earliest As Word Doc Attachment Without Changing The Subject Line. AryanTech India Pvt Ltd 204, 2nd Flr, Pinnacle Pride, Sadashiv Peth, Above Maharashtra Electronics, Nr Durvankur Dining Hall, Tilak Road, Pune - 411 030. Visit and Register for Interview Appointment www.aryantech.org
EXP. FRESHER FOR CIVIL ENGINEER SITE ENGINEER ELECTRICAL ENGINEER MACHINICAL ENGINEER FOR Rajasthan;null;Jaipur, Alwar;;Not Specified;Job Description The construction sector includes the construction of commercial, industrial, and residential buildings and engineering projects like roads, bridges, and utility systems. Construction includes both new construction and remodeling, additions, maintenance, and repairs.
Opening For Fresher Civil Engineer Site Engineer  Site Supervisor Candidate Can Apply  8657560883;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Opening For Fresher Civil Engineer Site Engineer Site Supervisor Candidate Can Apply 8657560883  Mumbai/New Mumbai/ Head Office Mulund Interview Aaj Mulund Me Hai Call Now :-8657560883   Age 18 to 35 Salary 12k to 18k (Depended on Interview) Male Candidate Can Apply Fresher Can Apply Head Office Mulund Carry CV, Passport Size Photo Walk in Interview
Mechanical Engineer;Rockford Management Services;Ahmedabad, Bengaluru / Bangalore;0-5 Years;350000-550000;Job Description Using research, analytical, conceptual and planning skills, particularly mathematical modelling and computer-aided design. Considering the implications of issues such as cost, safety and time constraints.  Repairing equipment. Supervising engineering and technical staff. Obtaining specialist components, fixtures or fittings. Managing budgets. Maintaining statistical and financial records. Ensuring compliance with health and safety legislation.
Production Engineer, Production Manager, Production Supervisor;null;Ahmedabad, Gurgaon / Gurugram;2-12 Years;229999-4540000;Job Description He must have an in depth knowledge of process and manufacturing operations. Experience in continuous improvement, engineering, operations and quality and management would be an added advantage. He should possess excellent verbal and written communications skills with ability to demonstrate strong managerial, interpersonal and analytical skills. Knowledge of manufacturing process and understanding of drawings are prime requirements. Awareness of Computer is a must.
Mechanical Engineers - Australia/Canada VNRh;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia, Canada;8-18 Years;1600000-3000000;Job Description Mechanical engineers perform some or all of the following duties: Conduct research into the feasibility, design, operation and performance of mechanisms, components and systems  Plan and manage projects, and prepare material, cost and timing estimates, reports and design specifications for machinery and systems  Design power plants, machines, components, tools, fixtures and equipment  Analyze dynamics and vibrations of mechanical systems and structures  Supervise and inspect the installation, modification and commissioning of mechanical systems at construction sites or in industrial facilities  Develop maintenance standards, schedules and programs and provide guidance to industrial maintenance crews  Investigate mechanical failures or unexpected maintenance problems  Prepare contract documents and evaluate tenders for industrial construction or maintenance  Supervise technicians, technologists and other engineers and review and approve designs, calculations and cost estimates
Mechanical Engineers - Australia/Canada AhBh;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia, Canada;3-8 Years;1600000-3000000;Job Description Mechanical engineers perform some or all of the following duties: Conduct research into the feasibility, design, operation and performance of mechanisms, components and systems  Plan and manage projects, and prepare material, cost and timing estimates, reports and design specifications for machinery and systems  Design power plants, machines, components, tools, fixtures and equipment  Analyze dynamics and vibrations of mechanical systems and structures  Supervise and inspect the installation, modification and commissioning of mechanical systems at construction sites or in industrial facilities  Develop maintenance standards, schedules and programs and provide guidance to industrial maintenance crews  Investigate mechanical failures or unexpected maintenance problems  Prepare contract documents and evaluate tenders for industrial construction or maintenance  Supervise technicians, technologists and other engineers and review and approve designs, calculations and cost estimates
OPENING B.TECH ( MECHANICAL ) FRESHERS IN MNCS IN ANANTHAPUR;Donavalli Infra;Hyderabad / Secunderabad, Vijayawada;;140000-180000;Job Description OPENING B.TECH ( MECHANICAL ) FRESHERS IN MNCS IN Anantapur YEAR OF PASSOUTS : 2014 TO 2019 JOB ROLE : QUALITY CHECKING ................ JOB LOCATIONS : Anantapur CONTACT NO:9133500482
Hire Diploma Engineers.;Jailaxmi Enterprises;Pune;0-2 Years;110000-220000;"Job Description  Job summary;- We have urgent requirement for Mechanical Diploma Engineers. Job type: - on roll/full time Required Experience: - 0 to 2 years About company ;- core automobile sector If any other information contact us to 7887338944(HR)"
Mechanical Engineer, Mechanical Design, Automobile Engineer, Piping Engineer, job 9152214394;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Mechanical Engineer, Mechanical Design, Automobile Engineer, Piping Engineer, job 9152214394 Salary Offered:-12000 to 25000 Per month Qualification:- Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) / (Diploma ) Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) in Mechanical preferred Experience :-Fresher & Experience  as Mechanical Engineer  / Design Engineering or Automobile preferred  Location:-thane / dadar / andheri / mira rd / vasai / vashi / panvel / kandiwali / goregaon / malad / krula / dadar Gender:- Male & Female preferred Age :-Above 18 yrs Shift Time :-10: 00 am - 6:30 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly of :-Sunday Interview Time:- 11:00 am - 4:00 pm | Monday to Friday Contact Person:-priya Contact Details:-Click To Call HR:-9152214394
Mechanical Engineer  / Diploma in Mechanical;Pune Instrumentation Private Limited;Pune;3-4 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Roles and Responsibilities Development, Manufacturing, Assembly and testing of prototype and production. Minimum 3 years of experience in development and manufacturing in hydraulics and pneumatic systems. Design Reports and production support activities. Design and Development of New and Existing Products for better performance and Quality improvements as per customer requirements. Ready to travel for commissioning and rectification of the equipment.
Mechanical Engineer;Rockford Management Services;Chennai, Hyderabad / Secunderabad;0-5 Years;350000-550000;Job Description Using research, analytical, conceptual and planning skills, particularly mathematical modelling and computer-aided design. Considering the implications of issues such as cost, safety and time constraints.  Repairing equipment. Supervising engineering and technical staff. Obtaining specialist components, fixtures or fittings. Managing budgets. Maintaining statistical and financial records. Ensuring compliance with health and safety legislation.
Required For Mechanical Engineers;Jailaxmi Enterprises;Pune;0-2 Years;110000-330000;"Job Description  Job summary;- Job Type: - on roll/full time Required We have urgent requirement for Mechanical Engineers. Job type Experience: - 0 to 2 years About company ;- core automobile sector If any other information contact us to 7887338944 (HR)"
Mechanical Engineer,   Mechanical Design Engineer, Automobile Engineer;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Mechanical Engineer, Mechanical Design Engineer, Automobile Engineer job  Salary:-12000 To 18000 Per Month  Education :-be, B.Tech & Diploma both can apply skill:-Mechanical Engineer,  fresher & Experience Location:-thane, kalyan, dadar / bhandup / sion / vashi, / panvel, new Mumbai / belapur /andheri/ mira rd / vasai kandiwali Gender:- Male & Female preferred Shift Time :-10: 00 am - 6:30 pm (day shift)  contact : anjali contact numbur : 9152076966
Mechanical Engineers - Australia/Canada CHKa;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia, Canada;5-15 Years;1800000-3400000;Job Description Mechanical engineers perform some or all of the following duties: Conduct research into the feasibility, design, operation and performance of mechanisms, components and systems  Plan and manage projects, and prepare material, cost and timing estimates, reports and design specifications for machinery and systems  Design power plants, machines, components, tools, fixtures and equipment  Analyze dynamics and vibrations of mechanical systems and structures  Supervise and inspect the installation, modification and commissioning of mechanical systems at construction sites or in industrial facilities  Develop maintenance standards, schedules and programs and provide guidance to industrial maintenance crews  Investigate mechanical failures or unexpected maintenance problems  Prepare contract documents and evaluate tenders for industrial construction or maintenance  Supervise technicians, technologists and other engineers and review and approve designs, calculations and cost estimates
Mechanical Engineering,  Maintenance, Mechanical Design, Automobile Engineer job 9152214394;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Mechanical Engineering, Maintenance, Mechanical Design, Automobile Engineer job 9152214394 Salary Offered:-12000 to 25000 Per month Education:-Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech)/ ( Iti ) (Diploma) Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) mandatory  Experience:- Fresher to 6 month of experience as Mechanical Engineering in  preferred Location:-thane / dadar / bhadup / andheri / mira rd / vasai / vashi / panvel / kandiwali / goregaon / malad / kalyan  Age :-Above 18 yrs Gender:- Male & Female preferred Shift Time :-9: 30 am - 6:30 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly off :-sunday, Interview Time:- 11:00 am - 4:00 pm | Monday to Friday email id :- [HIDDEN TEXT]  Contact Person:-priyanka Contact Details:-Click To Call HR:-9152214394
Mechanical Engineers - Australia/Canada DPShw;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia, Canada;9-13 Years;1600000-3000000;Job Description Mechanical engineers perform some or all of the following duties: Conduct research into the feasibility, design, operation and performance of mechanisms, components and systems  Plan and manage projects, and prepare material, cost and timing estimates, reports and design specifications for machinery and systems  Design power plants, machines, components, tools, fixtures and equipment  Analyze dynamics and vibrations of mechanical systems and structures  Supervise and inspect the installation, modification and commissioning of mechanical systems at construction sites or in industrial facilities  Develop maintenance standards, schedules and programs and provide guidance to industrial maintenance crews  Investigate mechanical failures or unexpected maintenance problems  Prepare contract documents and evaluate tenders for industrial construction or maintenance  Supervise technicians, technologists and other engineers and review and approve designs, calculations and cost estimates
Mechanical Engineer Medical Representative Mechanical Engineering;HR Recruiter management services;Patan - Gujarat;0-4 Years;Not Specified;Job Description We are Looking for Mechanical Engineer. Company Name – A - ONE Roll & Responsibilities presenting designs to managers and clients testing, evaluating, modifying and re-testing products writing reports and documentation assessing project requirements measuring the performance of mechanical components, devices and engines agreeing budgets, timescales and specifications with clients and managersmaintainingand modifying equipment to ensure that it is safe, reliable and efficient using computer-aided design/modelling software liaising with suppliers undertaking relevant research producing and implementing designs and test procedures providing technical advice Salary – 15,000 /- To 35,000 per month. Location –BhavNagar , Gujrat.
Mechanical Engineer, Mechanical Project Engineer;null;Chennai, Hyderabad / Secunderabad;2-12 Years;229999-4540000;Job Description Major Responsibilities -  Prepare & Review of DPR. Preparations of Technical Specifications, Review of vender drawings, Bid Evaluation Report. Technical Due Diligence Report, Lender Engineering, Independent Engineering Assignment. Make site visit & prepare Construction Monitoring Report. Make site visit & prepare Operation & Maintenance Review Report. Preparation of TEV Reports for Lenders & Investors. Opine on the Technical inputs & Financial & Models.
Mechanical Engineering,  Mechanical Design Engineer, Automobile Engineer job 9152214394;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Job Description urgent job hiring for mechanical engineer  Mechanical Engineering, Mechanical Design Engineer, Automobile Engineer job 9152214394 Salary Offered:-12000 to 25000 Per month  Education:-Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) / Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) in Mechanical preferred Diploma in Mechanical preferred Skills:- CATIA, Autocad, Solidworks  Location:-thane / dadar / andheri / mira rd / vasai / vashi / panvel / kandiwali / goregaon / malad / kalyan / ghatkopar Gender:- Male & Female preferred  Age :-Above 18 yrs Shift Time :-10: 00 am - 6:00 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly of :-Sunday Interview Time:- 11:00 am - 4:00 pm | Monday to Friday Contact Person:-priti Contact Details:-Click To Call HR:-9152214394
EXP&FRSH FOR CIVIL ENGINEER SITE ENGINEER ELECTRICAL ENGINEER MACHINICAL ENGINEER FOR Gujarat;null;Ahmedabad, Vadodara;;Not Specified;Job Description The construction sector includes the construction of commercial, industrial, and residential buildings and engineering projects like roads, bridges, and utility systems. Construction includes both new construction and remodeling, additions, maintenance, and repairs.
Production Engineer, Production Manager, Production Supervisor;null;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;2-12 Years;229999-4540000;Job Description He must have an in depth knowledge of process and manufacturing operations. Experience in continuous improvement, engineering, operations and quality and management would be an added advantage. He should possess excellent verbal and written communications skills with ability to demonstrate strong managerial, interpersonal and analytical skills. Knowledge of manufacturing process and understanding of drawings are prime requirements. Awareness of Computer is a must.
Design Engineer;null;Mumbai, Pune;0-5 Years;350000-650000;Job Description Job Description:Fresher Design Engineer, Design Engineer Mechanical, Electrical  Very Urgent Requirement If Your Profile Matches The Above Requirement And If Youre Interested In The Above Opening Kindly Email Your Resume At The Earliest As Word Doc Attachment Without Changing The Subject Line. AryanTech India Pvt Ltd 204, 2nd Flr, Pinnacle Pride, Sadashiv Peth, Above Maharashtra Electronics, Nr Durvankur Dining Hall, Tilak Road, Pune - 411 030. Visit and Register for Interview Appointment www.aryantech.org
Mechanical Engineers - Australia/Canada NPGa;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia, Canada;3-10 Years;1600000-3000000;Job Description Mechanical engineers perform some or all of the following duties: Conduct research into the feasibility, design, operation and performance of mechanisms, components and systems  Plan and manage projects, and prepare material, cost and timing estimates, reports and design specifications for machinery and systems  Design power plants, machines, components, tools, fixtures and equipment  Analyze dynamics and vibrations of mechanical systems and structures  Supervise and inspect the installation, modification and commissioning of mechanical systems at construction sites or in industrial facilities  Develop maintenance standards, schedules and programs and provide guidance to industrial maintenance crews  Investigate mechanical failures or unexpected maintenance problems  Prepare contract documents and evaluate tenders for industrial construction or maintenance  Supervise technicians, technologists and other engineers and review and approve designs, calculations and cost estimates
Mechanical engineer,Design Engineer,CAD Draftsman;Karan IT Solutions;Delhi, Pune;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Should be Degree or Diploma Holder (Mech.) Experienced user, good knowledge of Autocad, MS Office, MS Project, MEP software and ERP (Baan, SAP or similar) will be preferred ,Preparing 2D, 3D drawings. Piping knowledge. Preparing Bill of Material. Preparing GA & fabrication drawing, general arrangment drawing, isometric drawings. Preparing Piping layouts.
Mechanical Engineers - Australia/Canada VaPr;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia, Canada;4-8 Years;1600000-3000000;Job Description Mechanical engineers perform some or all of the following duties: Conduct research into the feasibility, design, operation and performance of mechanisms, components and systems  Plan and manage projects, and prepare material, cost and timing estimates, reports and design specifications for machinery and systems  Design power plants, machines, components, tools, fixtures and equipment  Analyze dynamics and vibrations of mechanical systems and structures  Supervise and inspect the installation, modification and commissioning of mechanical systems at construction sites or in industrial facilities  Develop maintenance standards, schedules and programs and provide guidance to industrial maintenance crews  Investigate mechanical failures or unexpected maintenance problems  Prepare contract documents and evaluate tenders for industrial construction or maintenance  Supervise technicians, technologists and other engineers and review and approve designs, calculations and cost estimates
Mechanical Engineering,  Mechanical Design Engineer,  Automobile Engineer job 9152214394;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Mechanical Engineering, Mechanical Design Engineer, Automobile Engineer, Oil & Gas, HVAC Engineer job 9152214394  Salary Offered:-12000 to 25000 Per month + FACILITY - PF  + MEDICAL FACILITY  Qualification:- Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) / (Diploma ) Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) in Mechanical preferred Experience :-Fresher & Experience as Mechanical Engineer / Design Engineering or Automobile preferred  Key skills for mechanical engineers :- effective technical skills the ability to work under pressure problem-solving skills creativity interpersonal skills verbal and written communication skills commercial awareness teamworking skills. Read our article on the skills engineering employers look for for more information and then find out how you can prove you possess these competencies at engineering assessment centres.  Location:-thane / vashi / dadar / andheri / mira rd / virar / vasai / belapur / goregaon / krula / kandiwali / panvel / belapur  Gender:- Male & Female preferred Age :-Above 18 yrs Shift Time :-10: 00 am - 6:00 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly of :-Sunday Interview Time:- 11:00 am - 4:00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person:-priyanka Contact Details:-Click To Call HR:-9152214394
Mechanical Engineering,  Mechanical Design Engineering  , Automobile Engineering job 9152214394;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Mechanical Engineering, Mechanical Design Engineering , Automobile Engineering job 9152214394 Salary Offered:-12000 to 25000 Per month  Education :-Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech)  / Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) (Diploma ) in Mechanical preferred  Experience:-6 months to 10 yrs of experience as Mechanical Engineer /  Mechanical Design / in Oil & Gas / Power / Utilities preferred  Location:-thane / dadar / andheri / mira rd / vasai / vashi / panvel / kandiwali / goregaon / malad / krula / vikhroli Gender:- Male & Female preferred  Age :-Above 18 yrs Shift Time :-9: 00 am - 6:00 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly of :-Sunday Interview Time:- 11:00 am - 4:00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person:-priti Contact Details:-Click To Call HR:-9152214394
Mechanical Design Engineer, Mechanical Engineer, Automobile Engineer, Oil & Gas;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Mechanical Design Engineer, Mechanical Engineer, Automobile Engineer, Oil & Gas job 9152214394 Salary: -12000 to 25000 + PF + Other Benefits  Education:-Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.)/ (Diploma) in Mechanical preferred  skill:-CATIA, Autocad, Solidworks, Production/ Quality Control/ Maintenance Experience :-Freshers & 6 month Experience as Mechanical Engineer in Manufacturing /Mechanical Design preferred  Location:-thane / masjid bunder / andheri / mira rd / vasai / vashi / panvel / kandiwali / goregaon / malad / krula Gender:- Male & Female preferred  Age :-Above 18 yrs Shift Time :-10: 00 am - 6:00 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly of :-Sunday Interview Time:- 11:00 am - 4:00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person:-pari Contact Details:-Click To Call HR:-9152214394
Production Engineer, Production Manager, Production Supervisor;null;Ahmedabad, Gurgaon / Gurugram;2-12 Years;229999-4540000;Job Description He must have an in depth knowledge of process and manufacturing operations. Experience in continuous improvement, engineering, operations and quality and management would be an added advantage. He should possess excellent verbal and written communications skills with ability to demonstrate strong managerial, interpersonal and analytical skills. Knowledge of manufacturing process and understanding of drawings are prime requirements. Awareness of Computer is a must.
mechanical Engineer;New Global Technologies;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Hyderabad / Secunderabad;0-5 Years;Not Specified;"Job Description Mechanical engineers plan, design, organise and supervise the development of mines, mine facilities, systems and equipment; and prepare and supervise the extraction of metallic or non-metallic minerals and ores from underground or surface mines."
Calibration Engineer;Rajanish Balmukund Vagal (Proprietor Trio Metrological Laboratory);Mumbai;1-3 Years;210000-240000;Job Description Perform day to day calibration of instruments. ? Preparation of calibration reports and certificates. ? Assist the QM manager in daily works and report day- to-day activities to TM/QM. ? Responsible for carrying out calibration lab documentation in regards to ISO/IEC 17025 Quality Management System. ? Should manage entire lab (dimension/thermal/electrical) as assigned under his responsibility.
Mechanical Engineer, Mechanical Project Engineer;null;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;2-12 Years;229999-4540000;Job Description Major Responsibilities -  Prepare & Review of DPR. Preparations of Technical Specifications, Review of vender drawings, Bid Evaluation Report. Technical Due Diligence Report, Lender Engineering, Independent Engineering Assignment. Make site visit & prepare Construction Monitoring Report. Make site visit & prepare Operation & Maintenance Review Report. Preparation of TEV Reports for Lenders & Investors. Opine on the Technical inputs & Financial & Models.
Mechanical Design Engineer;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-2 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Mechanical Design Engineer Required For Reputed CNC at Crb Tech Solutions Pvt Ltd......8657846593   Job Requirements  Education Graduation degree preferred Diploma in Mechanical preferred Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech)/Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) in Mechanical preferred Experience Experience as Mechanical Engineer in Automobile or Electronics / Electrical mandatory Compulsory Freshers preferred Age 18 - 27 yrs Skills CATIAAutocadSolidworks Compulsory Call Me Ruby : 8657846593Email Id : [HIDDEN TEXT]
Mechanical Engineer;Rockford Management Services;Kolkata, Mumbai;0-5 Years;350000-550000;Job Description Using research, analytical, conceptual and planning skills, particularly mathematical modelling and computer-aided design. Considering the implications of issues such as cost, safety and time constraints.  Repairing equipment. Supervising engineering and technical staff. Obtaining specialist components, fixtures or fittings. Managing budgets. Maintaining statistical and financial records. Ensuring compliance with health and safety legislation.
Mechanical Engineers - Australia/Canada  DPVSh;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia, Canada;9-14 Years;1600000-3000000;Job Description Mechanical engineers perform some or all of the following duties: Conduct research into the feasibility, design, operation and performance of mechanisms, components and systems  Plan and manage projects, and prepare material, cost and timing estimates, reports and design specifications for machinery and systems  Design power plants, machines, components, tools, fixtures and equipment  Analyze dynamics and vibrations of mechanical systems and structures  Supervise and inspect the installation, modification and commissioning of mechanical systems at construction sites or in industrial facilities  Develop maintenance standards, schedules and programs and provide guidance to industrial maintenance crews  Investigate mechanical failures or unexpected maintenance problems  Prepare contract documents and evaluate tenders for industrial construction or maintenance  Supervise technicians, technologists and other engineers and review and approve designs, calculations and cost estimates
mechanical Engineer;New Global Technologies;Chennai, Mumbai;0-5 Years;Not Specified;"Job Description Mechanical engineers plan, design, organise and supervise the development of mines, mine facilities, systems and equipment; and prepare and supervise the extraction of metallic or non-metallic minerals and ores from underground or surface mines."
Hire Engineers (FRESHERS);Jailaxmi Enterprises;Pune, Ahmednagar;0-1 Years;210000-330000;"Job Description  Job summary;- We have urgent requirement  Engineers. Job type: - on roll/full time Required Experience: - 0 to 1 years About company ;- core automobile sector If any other information contact us to 7887338944 (HR)"
URGENT REQUIREMENT FOR SAUDI ARABIA;Tarmac Talent Management Services Private Limited;Saudi Arabia;5-10 Years;Not Specified;Job Description URGENT REQUIREMENT FOR CONCRETE BLOCK FACTORY - JEDDAH  1. MECHANICAL ENGINEER - DEGREE/ DIPLOMA HOLDER  SALARY 2500 - 3000 SR  ACCOMMODATION + TRANSPORTATION+ MEDICAL FREE  DUTY 8 HRS + OT  IQAMA FREE *  2 YEARS RENEWAL CONTRACT*  HEIGHT SHOULD NOT BE LESS THAN 5.6 *  EXPERIENCE IN CONCRETE BLOCK MACHINE OPERATING DOCUMENTS REQUIRED :-1.  UPDATED CV2.  EXPERIENCE CERTIFICATE3.  DIPLOMA/ DEGREE HOLDER4.  PASSPORT COPIES5.  PHOTOS
Mechanical Engineer, Mechanical Design, Production Engineer, Automobile Engineering 9769523893;null;Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-2 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Mechanicferred Gender:- Male / female preferred Shift Time :-10:30 am - 6:30 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly of :-Sunday Contact Person:tejal Contact Details:-Click To Call HR:-8425014502
Mechanical Engineer to design systems, customer applications and product development processes;Keyquest Technologies Private Limited;Ahmedabad, Chennai;0-3 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Mechanical Engineer Responsibilities:  • Analyzing problems and coming up with designs to solve them. • Networking and collaborating with other engineers and professionals. • Working within the budget to deliver safe and efficient products on time. • Allocating resources and time effectively. • Developing design prototypes within agreed budget & timeline. • Liaising with internal and external stakeholders. • Attending meetings and providing input and updates. • Analyzing data to write up detailed analysis reports. • Communicating with staff, directors, and clients.  Mechanical Engineer Requirements:  • Bachelors degree in Mechanical Engineering. • upto 2  years of experience in similar role • Relevant certifications, registrations, and licenses may be required. • Superb creativity, vision, and problem-solving skills. • Excellent interpersonal skills and self-confidence. • Extensive experience working on engineering projects. • Ability to make decisions in high-stress situations. • Great written and verbal communication skills. • Enterprising and a growth mindset.
Mechanical Engineer;null;null;1-10 Years;Not Specified;"Job Description Assures system and product quality by designing testing methods; testing finished- product and system capabilities; confirming fabrication, assembly, and installation processes., Develops mechanical and electromechanical products by studying customer requirements; researching and testing manufacturing and assembly methods and materials; soliciting observations from operators"
Mechanical Engineer,  Mechanical Design Engineer, Automobile Engineer job 9152214394;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Mechanical Engineer, Mechanical Design Engineer, Automobile Engineer job 9152214394 Salary Offered:-12000 to 25000 Per month Education :-Diploma in Automobile, Engineering, Production/Industrial or Mechanical preferred Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech)/Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) in Production/Industrial, Mechanical or Mechanical Design preferred  Skills:-Solidworks, CATIA, Autocad,  Product Design, engineer skills  Experience :-Fresher to 6 month Experience  as Mechanical Engineer in mandatory  Location:-thane / goregaon / andheri  / vashi / koparkhairane / bhandup / virar  / panvel / mumbai central Gender:- Male & Female preferred Age :-Above 18 yrs  Shift Timings :-9:30 am - 6:30 pm (day shift) Weekly Working Days :-6 Days  Weekly  off:-sunday  Interview Time:- 10:00 am - 4:30 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person:-priti Contact Details:-Click To Call HR:-9152214394
Immediate openings for production/qc/Design& maintanence;Diraa HR Services;Coimbatore;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description We are looking for a Mechanical Engineer who can deliver detailed analytical concepts and then back up those concepts with written justification. The Mechanical Engineer will act as a mentor to the Junior Engineers on staff and create a work environment that is conducive to teamwork and strong professional development. The successful candidate for this position will be able to take a project from the conceptual stage through to completion, taking into account budgeting and operational considerations.  Qualification:BE/Dip(mechanical)Experience: 0-5 years Thanks®ardsDiraa hr servicesjeevitha-Hr8220924477
Senior Mechanical Engineer;Keyquest Technologies Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Hyderabad / Secunderabad;4-6 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Senior Mechanical Engineer Responsibilities:  • Analyzing problems and coming up with designs to solve them. • Networking and collaborating with other engineers and professionals. • Working within the budget to deliver safe and efficient products on time. • Allocating resources and time effectively. • Developing design prototypes within agreed budget & timeline. • Liaising with internal and external stakeholders. • Attending meetings and providing input and updates. • Analyzing data to write up detailed analysis reports. • Communicating with staff, directors, and clients.  Senior Mechanical Engineer Requirements:  • Bachelors degree in Mechanical Engineering. • Prior 4-6 years of experience in similar role • Relevant certifications, registrations, and licenses may be required. • Superb creativity, vision, and problem-solving skills. • Excellent interpersonal skills and self-confidence. • Extensive experience working on engineering projects. • Ability to make decisions in high-stress situations. • Great written and verbal communication skills. • Enterprising and a growth mindset.
Mechanical Engineer Req. for CANADA & AUSTRALIA;Pear Visa Immigration Services Private Limited;Australia, Canada;1-9 Years;7530000-8530000;Job Description improve production processes - such as those in large oil refineries, or services within buildings design and implement cost-effective equipment modifications to help improve safety and reliability develop a project specification with colleagues, often including those from other engineering disciplines develop and use new materials and technologies manage people, projects and resources - this will depend on your role develop, test and evaluate theoretical designs discuss and solve complex problems with manufacturing departments, sub-contractors, suppliers and customers make sure a product can be made reliably and will perform consistently in specified operating environments
Mechanical Engineer,  Hvac , Production Engineer, Automobile . fresher internship 9769523893;null;Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-3 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Mechanical Engineer, Design, Production Engineer, Automobile . fresher internship 9769523893 salary Offered:-12000 to 18000 Per month Education:-Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech)/ (ITI ) (Diploma) Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) mandatory   skill-production/ QUALITY CONTROL .HVAC, PRODUCTION Gender:- Male & Female preferred Shift Time :-10: 00 am - 6:30 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly of :-Sunday Interview Time:- 11:00 am - 4:00 pm | Monday to Friday
Electronic Engineer, IT Hardware, Software, Automation Job For Freshers 8657560883;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Electronic Engineer, IT Hardware, Software, Automation Job For Freshers 8657560883 Mumbai/Navi Mumbai Head Office Mulund Interview Aaj Mulund Me Hai... Call Now : Shreya 8657560883 Age 18 to 35 Salary 12k to 18k (Depended on Interview) Male Candidate Can Apply Fresher Can Apply Head Office Mulund Carry CV, Passport Size Photo Walk in Interview
Mechanical Engineering,  Mechanical Design Engineer, Automobile Engineer job 9152214394;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Job Description urgent job hiring for mechanical engineer Mechanical Engineering, Mechanical Design Engineer, Automobile Engineer job 9152214394 Salary Offered:-12000 to 20000 + PF + Other Benefits. Education:-Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) / Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) in Mechanical preferred Diploma in Mechanical preferred Skills:- CATIA, Autocad, Solidworks Location:-thane / dadar / andheri / mira rd / vasai / vashi / panvel / kandiwali / goregaon / malad /  kopar khairane Gender:- Male & Female preferred Age :-Above 18 yrs Shift Time :-10: 00 am - 6:00 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly of :-Sunday Interview Time:- 11:00 am - 4:00 pm | Monday to Friday Contact Person:-Pari Contact Details:-Click To Call HR:-9152214394
Mechanical Engineer, Mechanical Project Engineer;null;Chennai, Hyderabad / Secunderabad;2-12 Years;229999-4540000;Job Description Major Responsibilities -  Prepare & Review of DPR. Preparations of Technical Specifications, Review of vender drawings, Bid Evaluation Report. Technical Due Diligence Report, Lender Engineering, Independent Engineering Assignment. Make site visit & prepare Construction Monitoring Report. Make site visit & prepare Operation & Maintenance Review Report. Preparation of TEV Reports for Lenders & Investors. Opine on the Technical inputs & Financial & Models.
Required For Design Engineers;Jailaxmi Enterprises;Pune;0-2 Years;110000-220000;"Job Description  We have urgent requirement for Design Engineers Job Type: - on roll/full time Required Experience: - 0 to 2 years About company ;- core automobile sector If any other information contact us to 8956665447 (HR)"
Draftsman for Manufacturing Industry, Draftsman Auto Cad;null;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;2-12 Years;229999-4540000;Job Description 1) Develop detailed design drawings and specifications for mechanical equipment, dies/ tools, and controls, using computer-assisted drafting (CAD) equipment. 2) Coordinate with and consult other workers to design, lay out, or detail components and systems and to resolve design or other problems. 3) Review and analyze specifications, sketches, drawings, ideas, and related data to assess factors affecting component designs and the procedures and instructions to be followed. 4) Compute mathematical formulas to develop and design detailed specifications for components or machinery, using computer-assisted equipment. 5) Position instructions and comments onto drawings. 6) Modify and revise designs to correct operating deficiencies or to reduce production problems. 7) Design scale or full- blueprints of specialty items, such as furniture and automobile body or chassis components. 8) Check dimensions of materials to be used and assign numbers to the materials. 9) Draw freehand sketches of designs, trace finished drawings onto designated paper for the reproduction of blueprints, and reproduce working drawings on copy machines.
mechanical Engineer;New Global Technologies;Noida, Pune;0-5 Years;Not Specified;"Job Description     Mechanical engineers plan, design, organise and supervise the development of mines, mine facilities, systems and equipment; and prepare and supervise the extraction of metallic or non-metallic minerals and ores from underground or surface mines."
Mechanical Engineering,  Mechanical Design Engineer, Automobile Engineer job 9152214394;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Mechanical Engineering, Mechanical Design Engineer, Automobile Engineer job 9152214394 Salary Offered:-10000 to 25000 + PF + Other Benefits  Education:-Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech)/ ( Iti ) (Diploma) Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) mandatory  Experience :-fresher & 6 month  of experience as Mechanical Engineer in Manufacturing / Design  Engineering preferred Location:-thane,  sion , vashi, kopar khairane, panvel, andheri, virar, masjid bunder, goregaon , mumbai central Gender:- Male & Female preferred   Age :-Above 18 yrs Shift Time :-10: 00 am - 6:00 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly of :-Sunday Interview Time:- 11:00 am - 4:00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person:-priyanka Contact Details:-Click To Call HR:-9152214394
Mechanical Engineer,  Mechanical Design, Automobile Engineer, Oil & Gas, Piping;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Mechanical Engineer, Mechanical Design, Automobile Engineer, Oil & Gas, Piping j Salary: 12000 to 20000 + PF + Other Benefits. Education:-Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech)  ( Iti ) (Diploma) Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) mandatory  Skill:-production, maintenance, quality, Design, autocad, solidworks  Location:-thane / sion / vashi / dadar / andheri / mira rd / virar / vasai / belapur / kalyan / goregaon / krula / mulund / kandiwali Gender:- Male & Female preferred  Age :-Above 18 yrs Shift Time :-10: 00 am - 6:00 pm (day shift)
pdms modeller- piping;Sigma Simulations;Pune;3-8 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Require candidates with min 3 years of exp. In Static Equipment modelling, Piping modelling and exposure to layout and supports are preferred. Job location is Pune Job Type: Contract of 6 months
Openings for Mechanical Engineering;Diraa HR Services;Coimbatore;0-4 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Analyze problems to see how mechanical and thermal devices might help solve the problem Design or redesign mechanical and thermal devices using analysis and computer-aided design Develop and test prototypes of devices they design Analyze the test results and change the design as needed Oversee the manufacturing process for the device  Thanks and Regards Diraa HR Services M.Kiruba  (Glory) 9566702053
Mechanical Engineer, Mechanical Project Engineer;null;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;2-12 Years;229999-4540000;Job Description Major Responsibilities -  Prepare & Review of DPR. Preparations of Technical Specifications, Review of vender drawings, Bid Evaluation Report. Technical Due Diligence Report, Lender Engineering, Independent Engineering Assignment. Make site visit & prepare Construction Monitoring Report. Make site visit & prepare Operation & Maintenance Review Report. Preparation of TEV Reports for Lenders & Investors. Opine on the Technical inputs & Financial & Models.
Mechanical Design Engineer;Diraa HR Services;Coimbatore;0-2 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Our technology-driven firm’s engineering department currently has an immediate opening for a Design Engineer. The Design Engineer will be responsible for carrying out the duties of the Engineering department, including design, research, prototyping, engineering documentation, estimating and process improvement. The successful candidate will report directly to the Lead Designer, and collaborate with design/purchasing and shop/ assembly teams on design projects. This an excellent opportunity to work in a friendly work environment with a team that is dedicated and passionate about crafts manship and innovation
Mechanical / Automobile Engineer-  Walk In Interview;null;Mumbai, Pune;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Provide lead design services for mechanical and mechatronic systems Robotics knowledge is desirable Schedule and manage the work of engineers in mechanical design and engineering Have knowledge of Motors and actuators including designing and manufacturing engineering for Mechatronics Products PLM and configuration management knowledge Develop and maintain engineering standards and practices within the department. Interface and coordinate with all departments for proper allocation of mechanical engineering resources to projects and tasks Interview and evaluate prospective mechanical design employees Develop programs to enhance the knowledge base of the department Verification of client specifications in order to lead the design of mechatronic systems that meet or exceed client specifications Form relationships with outside manufacturers and vendors in order to facilitate mechanical design processes Vacancy:02 Venue: Greenland Automation India. HR Preeti 9175018154 7057495596 www.greenlandautomation.com Note : Upload resume website.
Mechanical / Automobile Engineer -  Walk In Interview;null;Ahmedabad, Gandhinagar;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Designing and implementing cost-effective equipment modifications to help improve safety and reliability. Developing, testing and evaluating theoretical designs. Making sure a product can be made reliably and will perform consistently in specified operating environments. Planning and designing new production processes. Considering the implications of issues such as cost, safety and time constraints. Vacancy:02 Venue: Royal Group India. HR Preeti 9607856847 7249866047 www.grouproyal.co.in Note : Upload resume website.
opening for China-( Singapore Based company);SP Staffing Services Private Limited;China;4-9 Years;450000-650000;Warm Greetings... We have an opportunity for Bachelor of Engineering Location:- China Experience :-6-15yrs Industry:- Automation Industry Location:- China Education:- B.E/ B.tech Description of Role:- 1. Mechanical Engineer 2. Electrical Engineer 3. Product Engineer 4. Injection molding Operator 5. Customer service Engineer 6. Stamping Die Assembly 7. Electrical Switchgear Assemblies 8. Pining Interested candidates please update your resume everwinhr100@ gmail.com, If you have any queries please contact : 8939853067 contact person : Rajesh
Mechanical Engineers;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia, Canada;9-13 Years;1600000-3000000;Mechanical engineers perform some or all of the following duties: Conduct research into the feasibility, design, operation and performance of mechanisms, components and systems  Plan and manage projects, and prepare material, cost and timing estimates, reports and design specifications for machinery and systems  Design power plants, machines, components, tools, fixtures and equipment  Analyze dynamics and vibrations of mechanical systems and structures  Supervise and inspect the installation, modification and commissioning of mechanical systems at construction sites or in industrial facilities  Develop maintenance standards, schedules and programs and provide guidance to industrial maintenance crews  Investigate mechanical failures or unexpected maintenance problems  Prepare contract documents and evaluate tenders for industrial construction or maintenance  Supervise technicians, technologists and other engineers and review and approve designs, calculations and cost estimates
All Engineer- Australia/Canada PSKOMo;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia, Canada;5-15 Years;1800000-3900000;"All Engineer Job Duties :   • Engineers apply the principles of science and mathematics to develop economical solutions to technical problems. Their work is the link between scientific discoveries and the commercial applications that meet societal and consumer needs. • Many engineers develop new products. During the process, they consider several factors. For example, in developing an industrial robot, engineers specify the functional requirements precisely; design and test the robots components; integrate the components to produce the final design; and evaluate the designs overall effectiveness, cost, reliability, and safety. This process applies to the development of many different products, such as chemicals, computers, powerplants, helicopters, and toys. • In addition to their involvement in design and development, many engineers work in testing, production, or maintenance. These engineers supervise production in factories, determine the causes of a component’s failure, and test manufactured products to maintain quality. They also estimate the time and cost required to complete projects. Supervisory engineers are responsible for major components or entire projects. • Engineers use computers extensively to produce and analyze designs; to simulate and test how a machine, structure, or system operates; to generate specifications for parts; to monitor the quality of products; and to control the efficiency of processes. Nanotechnology, which involves the creation of high-performance materials and components by integrating atoms and molecules, also is introducing entirely new principles to the design process."
Mechanical Engineer -Quality Control;Vishal Agarwal (Proprietor of E-Friend Solutions India);Indore;0-2 Years;100000-200000;Designation : Graduate Engineering Trainee (Mechanical) Nature of job : Automotive parts Quality Inspection, Documentation, Quality Assurance, AutoCAD 2D Work location : Indore  Salary : As per Industrial Norms Joining immediate Interested candidate visit our office with all original certificates Feel free to call us for any clarification 9300501808  Role Fresher Industry Type Automobile / Auto Ancillary / Auto Components Functional Area Production, Manufacturing, Maintenance Employment Type Full Time, Permanent Role Category Other Education UG :Diploma in Mechanical, B.Tech/B.E. in Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. in Automobile, B.Tech/B.E. in Mechanical PG :Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate :Doctorate Not Required, Any Doctorate in Any Specialization Preferred :Autocad 2D/ 3D
Mechanical Engineer,  Mechanical Design Engineer,  Automobile Engineering job 9152214394;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineer, Mechanical Design Engineer, Automobile Engineering job 9152214394 Maintenance & Design Engineer job Salary Offered:-12000 to 25000 Per month  Education :-B.Tech, Be & Diploma pass in  Mechanical Engineer  preferred Experience :-Fresher & 6 month Experience as  Mechanical Engineer  preferred Location:-thane / titwala / vashi / panvel / andheri / krula / mira rd / goregaon Gender:- Male & Female preferred  Shift Time :-9: 30 am - 6:30 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly off :-sunday, Interview Time:- 11:00 am - 4:00 pm | Monday to Friday Contact Person:-priyanka Contact Details:-Click To Call HR:-9152214394
Production Engineers;Jailaxmi Enterprises;Mumbai, Pune;0-3 Years;110000-330000;"We have urgent requirement for Production Engineers. Job type: - on roll/full time Required Experience: - 0 to 3 years About company ;- core automobile sector If any other information contact us to 7264072330 (HR)"
Sr. Maintainance Engg;Vimal Group Facilities Management;Pune;5-8 Years;320000-430000;Urgent requirement for post: Sr. Maintenance Engineer Education: DME, BE Experience: 5 to 7 years Profile: CNC, VMC Machine Shop Maintenance. Salary: 30 to 35 k working time: 9 am to 6 pm Location: Talwade Pune. Contact No.: 9545421088, 7304990505
Graduate Engineer Trainee Recruitment- Mechanical/ Automobile/ Mechatronics;Quad-I Solutions Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;;Not Specified;Selection Process - Have to Appear for Written Test on 10th November or 17th November. - Short Listed Candidates will be called for Technical Interviews on 24th November of 1st December - Tool Test for shortlisted candidates on 8th December and HR Interviews on the same day.   Eligibility Criteria - Candidates completed B Tech/ M Tech( Any Specialization) in 2018/2019 in Mechanical, Automobile and mechatronics only should apply. - Min of 65% or 6.5 CGPA - Knowledge in CREO will be an added advantage  Selected Candidate will participate in  Vehicle Development and other product development tasks
Mechanical Engineering,  Maintenance,  Design Engineer, Automobile Engineer job 9152076966;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineering, Maintenance, Design Engineer, Automobile Engineer job 9152076966 Salary:-12000 To 25000 Per Month   Qualification:-Diploma & Be ,B.tech Pass Candidate Can Apply For This job Experience:-Fresher & 6 Month Experience As Mechanical Engineering As preferred Location:-thane / vashi / andheri / new mumbai / dadar / mira rd / vasai Gender:- Male & Female preferred Shift Time :-9: 30 am - 6:30 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly of :-Sunday Interview Time:- 11:00 am - 4:00 pm | Monday to Friday Contact Person:- anjali Contact Details:-Click To Call HR:-9152076966
Project Engineer;International Experts Hub;Kuwait;7-10 Years;Not Specified;·  Should have BE/ B.Tech. in Mechanical Engineering or above. ·  Should have a minimum of 10 years’ experience with operation & Maintenance of Electromechanical Equipment. ·  Shall have good knowledge in maintenance of HVAC Systems, Mechanical, Plumbing, Fire Alarm, Fire Fighting, BMS & LV System. ·  Previous experience in Private Multi Speciality Hospital is HIGHLY preferred. ·  Strong personality and can manage staff with different categories . ·  Should be proficient in MS office and in preparing reports. ·  Should be proficient in English.
Vacancies for mechanical Production, Quality, maintanence and Design Engineers;Diraa HR Services;Coimbatore;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical engineers need to be technically minded, able to demonstrate numerical and scientific ability and have problem-solving skills. Duties typically include: assessing project requirements measuring the performance of mechanical components, devices and engines agreeing budgets, timescales and specifications with clients and managers maintaining and modifying equipment to ensure that it is safe, reliable and efficient using computer-aided design/ modelling software liaising with suppliers undertaking relevant research producing and implementing designs and test procedures presenting designs to managers and clients testing, evaluating, modifying and re-testing products writing reports and documentation providing technical advice analysing and interpreting data. Qualification: BE/Dip(mechanical)Experience : 0-5 yearsSalary: Negotiable
Design Engineer (Mechanical);Vishal Agarwal (Proprietor of E-Friend Solutions India);Indore;0-2 Years;100000-240000;Job description Location: Indore Job description : - Should be able to work for developing concepts using advanced techniques - Should have good knowledge of manufacturing processes - Experience in Design Calculations, Material analyses, Machining knowledge. - Candidate should take up complete responsibility for design to manufacturing. - To coordinate with machine assembler during assembly of machines - Good communications and Presentations skills preferred - Should have good knowledge and Familiar with GD & T, machining & welding symbols. - The candidate must have knowledge in Solidworks - The candidate must have a fair knowledge in working with AUTO CAD Qualification : B.E/Diploma - Mechanical Experience : 0 To 2 year
Hiring for PCB Design Engineer 6-10 year Bangalore;Expro Informatics India Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;6-10 Years;Not Specified;Hands on experience in Cadence Allegro Library and Layout Tool [Version 16.6 and 17.2] with relevant expertise in the domain is a must. Hands on experience in developing and validating Logical Symbol and Physical Footprint creation using Allegro PCB Design Editor HDL/ EDM/ Librarian including Allegro Design Workbench and CES. Added knowledge of mechanical tools like Creo /Solidworks /AutoCad is preferable Knowledge of Parts and Components Microsoft Word and Excel expertise Intense knowledge of CES, Stackup, board cross section, impedance details, Components and specifications Capabilities of delivering PCB CAD Layout of High Density-High Speed, Mixed, Analog, Digital, RF Designs, Flex Designs etc. Must have hands on experience in HDI micro via technology in Allegro Basic knowledge of Signal integrity, Power Integrity, EMI/ EMC, Mechanical and Thermal analysis with respect to PCB board layout DFA, DFM and DFT knowledge to adhere to Quality assurance Valor experience along with other Gerber viewer tool knowledge Automation and Skill scripting knowledge Additional knowledge of IPC standards, guidelines, methodologies, Mechanical specifications and processes
Mechanical / Automobile Engineer Walk In Interview;null;Jaipur, Surat;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Provide lead design services for mechanical and mechatronic systems Robotics knowledge is desirable Schedule and manage the work of engineers in mechanical design and engineering Have knowledge of Motors and actuators including designing and manufacturing engineering for Mechatronics Products PLM and configuration management knowledge Develop and maintain engineering standards and practices within the department. Interface and coordinate with all departments for proper allocation of mechanical engineering resources to projects and tasks Interview and evaluate prospective mechanical design employees Develop programs to enhance the knowledge base of the department Verification of client specifications in order to lead the design of mechatronic systems that meet or exceed client specifications Form relationships with outside manufacturers and vendors in order to facilitate mechanical design processes 
Mechanical Engineers - Australia/Canada D3;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia, Canada;5-15 Years;1800000-3600000;Mechanical engineers perform some or all of the following duties: Conduct research into the feasibility, design, operation and performance of mechanisms, components and systems  Plan and manage projects, and prepare material, cost and timing estimates, reports and design specifications for machinery and systems  Design power plants, machines, components, tools, fixtures and equipment  Analyze dynamics and vibrations of mechanical systems and structures  Supervise and inspect the installation, modification and commissioning of mechanical systems at construction sites or in industrial facilities  Develop maintenance standards, schedules and programs and provide guidance to industrial maintenance crews  Investigate mechanical failures or unexpected maintenance problems  Prepare contract documents and evaluate tenders for industrial construction or maintenance  Supervise technicians, technologists and other engineers and review and approve designs, calculations and cost estimates
Autocad Draughtsman Mechanical;Karan IT Solutions;Chennai, Kolkata;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Should have Good knowledge of Auto Cad 2D and 3D. Proficiency in reading mechanical drawings. need to create innovative design based on product innovations and client requirements. Autodesk Powershape knowledge is an added advantage. ITI Mechanical ,Diploma Mechanical or B.Tech Mechanical Should have excellent technical acumen for understanding mechanical drawings and parts for machines. Innovative and Creative mind for designing is an added advantage.
Maintenance Engineer, Qulaity Control, Production Engineering, Design Engineering job 9152076965;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;"Maintenance Engineer, Qulaity Control, Production Engineering, Design Engineering job 9152076965 Salary:-12000 To 18000 Per Month Education :-be, B.Tech & Diploma  both can apply skill:-Mechanical Engineer, Location:-thane, kalyan, dadar / bhandup / sion vashi, panvel, new Mumbai / belapur andheri/ mira rd / vasai kandiwali Gender:- Male & Female preferred  Shift Time :-10: 00 am - 6:30 pm (day shift)   meet;-neha 9152076965"
Production Supervisor for Electroplating Industry - Chakan;Jupiter Consulting;Pune;3-5 Years;Not Specified;Hiring for Production Engineer for Electroplating industry located in Chakan, Pune . About Company:  Job details: To organize and oversee the manufacturing of goods. - Responsible for the smooth running of all production lines and the quality of output. - To ensure an efficient and productive manufacturing process that meets customer requirements. - To supervise and evaluate performance of production personnel (quality inspectors, workers etc.) - To determine amount of necessary resources (workforce, raw materials etc. - To approve maintenance work, purchase of equipment etc. - To ensure that output meets quality standards  Work Location: Chakan
Graduate Automotive Technicians Calls For Europe - 9891090685;Meteors Immigration Consultancy Services LLP;France, Germany;1-3 Years;Not Specified;Govt visa with family status degree/masters candidates Transportation provided by company working days- 6 days/week With Family food Accommodation duty Hours 10 hours (8+2 Fixed overtime) call/whatsapp Anuj Soni 9891090685Job duties Perform routine automotive maintenance tasks, including oil changes, tire rotations, transmission flushes, air conditioner re-charges, front-end alignments, battery installations and headlight/taillight installations Maintain a working knowledge of current industry best practices in automotive repair Conduct extensive diagnostic procedures to determine the sources of customers’ problems and provide accurate repair recommendations Inspect vehicles according to the state’s requirements for emissions and safety Conduct necessary repairs and take vehicles for test drives to verify soundness Maintain legible and accurate paperwork for both the customer and for our records Clean and maintain the work environment to ensure equipment longevity and workplace safety
Mechanical Engineering Mechanical Design Engineer Automobile Engineer, Oil / Gas job 9152214394;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Workers Are Needed Urgently  Mechanical Engineering Mechanical Design Engineer Automobile Engineer, Oil / Gas Salary Offered:-12000 to 25000 Per month  Education :- B.Tech, B.E & Diploma as Mechanical Engineer in preferred Experience :-Freshers as Mechanical Engineer in  Design / Engineering or Automobile preferred  Location:-thane / dadar / bhadup / andheri / mira rd / vasai / vashi / panvel / kandiwali / goregaon / malad Gender:- Male & Female preferred  Shift Time :-10: 30 am - 6:30 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly of :-Sunday 
Mechanical Engineering, Mechanical Design Engineer, Automobile Engineering job 9152214394;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineering, Mechanical Design Engineer, Automobile Engineering Salary Offered:-12000 to 25000 Per month  Education:-Diploma in Mechanical preferred Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech)/Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) in Mechanical preferred  Experience:-Freshers & 6 month Experience as Production/ Quality Control/  Design Engineer / Maintenance in Manufacturing / Engineering preferred  Location:-thane / krula / ghatkopar / andheri / dadar / new Mumbai / vashi / panvel / sion / goregaon Gender:- Male & Female preferred  Age :-Above 18 yrs 
Mechanical Engineers - Australia/Canada VNI;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia, Canada;5-15 Years;1600000-3000000;Mechanical engineers perform some or all of the following duties: Conduct research into the feasibility, design, operation and performance of mechanisms, components and systems  Plan and manage projects, and prepare material, cost and timing estimates, reports and design specifications for machinery and systems  Design power plants, machines, components, tools, fixtures and equipment  Analyze dynamics and vibrations of mechanical systems and structures  Supervise and inspect the installation, modification and commissioning of mechanical systems at construction sites or in industrial facilities  Develop maintenance standards, schedules and programs and provide guidance to industrial maintenance crews  Investigate mechanical failures or unexpected maintenance problems  Prepare contract documents and evaluate tenders for industrial construction or maintenance  Supervise technicians, technologists and other engineers and review and approve designs, calculations and cost estimates
Mechanical Draftsmen civil draftsman Electrical Draftsman  AUTO CAD FRESHER 8425014502;null;Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-2 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Draftsmen civil draftsman Electrical Draftsman AUTO CAD FRESHER 8425014502 Salary Offered:-12000 to 20000 Per month Experience :-Freshers as EXP  BOTH CAN APPLYCALL  H TEJAL-8425014502 Shift Time :-10:30 am - 6:30 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly of :-Sunday Interview Time 10:00 Am - 4:00Pm | Monday To Saturday Job Openings :-30 Contact Details To Call HR:- tejal-8425014502
Golden Opportunities For Fresher Core Industry Mechanical Design Engineering Job Opening at Chennai;Shine Management Services;Chennai;;Not Specified;Dear Candidates, Greetings from Shine Management Services … We are recruiting Mechanical candidates to our leading clients in Chennai Qualification : DIP / BE / B.Tech Mechanical / Automobile / Aeronautical Designation : Graduate Engineering Trainee Skill : Production / Quality / Maintenance / Design Experience : Fresher’s only (2017,18 , 19 Pass outs) Salary : 15 k Benefits : Food and Cab and Accommodation and 8 hrs Working Location : Chennai – Irungattukottai, Oragadam, Sriperambadur, Maraimalai Nagar, Ambattur. Job Description : Mechanical engineers need to be technically minded, able to demonstrate numerical and scientific ability and have problem-solving skills. Job Responsibilities : • Assessing project requirements • Measuring the performance of mechanical components, devices and engines • Agreeing budgets, timescales and specifications with clients and managers • Maintaining and modifying equipment to ensure that it is safe, reliable and efficient • Undertaking relevant research • Producing and implementing designs and test procedures • Presenting designs to managers and clients • Quality testing, evaluating, modifying and re-testing products • Writing reports and documentation • Analyzing and interpreting data. Interested candidates can walk in to our office directly. Regards, Ms. Pooja, Shine Management Services, No.22, Vembuliyamman Kovil Street, Kulathuma Nagar, Pallavaram, Chennai-600043 Landmark : Vembuliyamman Kovil Contact Number: 9962637631 / 8939303558.
Design Engineer/ Mechanical Design Engineer / Draughtsman Mechanical;Universal Solutions;Pune;1-5 Years;Not Specified;We are in requirement of   Solidedge our Client with minimum 1 - 5 years of experience. Location :- Kasarwadi (PUNE) Qualification-ITI /DME / BE candidate with experience of 2D detailing, welding symbols & 3D extraction on Boiler/ pressure parts /piping /similar models will be preferred(Jobless candidate will be more preferable)
URGENT REQUIREMENT FOR QC MECHANICAL INSPECTOR FOR A REPUTED ENGINEERING & INDUSTRIAL COMPANY, KSA;International Trade Links;Saudi Arabia;5-12 Years;Not Specified;FOR A REPUTED ENGINEERING & INDUSTRIAL COMPANY, KSA  CLIENT INTERVIEW AT TRIVANDRUM ON 18TH OCTOBER 2019 FROM 4:00 PM ONWARDS QC MECHANICAL INSPECTORDIPLOMA WITH MIN 5 YEARS EXPERIENCE IN RELEVANT FIELD SHOULD HAVE NDT II CSWP 3.1 FOR DETAILS & REGISTRATION FOR ATTENDING INTERVIEW CONTACT: 7907699904, 6282273491,   INTERVIEW VENUE ADDRESSITL TOURS AND TRAVELS1st Floor, Heera Chambers, East Fort, Nalumukku, Pazhavangadi, Thiruvananthapuram, Kerala 695023
Urgent Job Opening  DIP/BE/B.Tech(MECH/Automobile/Aeronautical) at Chennai&Coimbatore Salary 15 k;Shine Management Services;Chennai;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Dear Candidates, Greetings from Shine Management Services … We are recruiting Mechanical candidates to our leading clients in Chennai Qualification : DIP / BE / B.Tech Mechanical / Automobile / Aeronautical Designation : Graduate Engineering Trainee Skill : Production / Quality / Maintenance / Design Experience : Fresher’s only (2017,18 , 19 Pass outs) Salary : 15 k Benefits : Food and Accommodation and 8 hrs Working  and Cab Location : Chennai – Irungattukottai, Oragadam, Sriperambadur, Maraimalai Nagar, Ambattur. Job Description : Mechanical engineers need to be technically minded, able to demonstrate numerical and scientific ability and have problem-solving skills. Job Responsibilities : • Assessing project requirements • Measuring the performance of mechanical components, devices and engines • Agreeing budgets, timescales and specifications with clients and managers • Maintaining and modifying equipment to ensure that it is safe, reliable and efficient • Undertaking relevant research • Producing and implementing designs and test procedures • Presenting designs to managers and clients • Quality testing, evaluating, modifying and re-testing products • Writing reports and documentation • Analyzing and interpreting data.
Mechanical Engineer, Mechanical Design, Automobile Engineering, Maintenance Engineer jobs 9152214394;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Urgently Looking for Engineering Mechanical Engineer, Mechanical Design, Automobile Engineering, Maintenance Engineer jobs 9152214394 Salary Offered:-12000 to 25000 Per month Education :-Bachelor of Technology B.Tech,  Diploma pass & Bachelor of Engineering  Be  both can apply Experience :-Fresher & 6 month Experience  in preferred skill:-CATIA, Autocad, Solidworks, Production/ Quality Control/ Maintenance Location:-thane / bhandup / sion / vashi / panvel / new Mumbai / belapur / andheri/ mira rd / vasai / kandiwali  Gender:- Male & Female preferred Shift Time :-9: 30 am - 6:30 pm (day shift) Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly off :-sunday, Interview Time:- 11:00 am - 4:00 pm | Monday to Friday Contact Person:-priti Contact Details:-Click To Call HR:-9152214394
Production and Manufacturing Engineer , Quality Engineer, Quality Control Engineer;Sumeet Facilities Limited;Pune;4-7 Years;400000-500000;Candidates having Experience in Design Development, Production, Manufacturing, Testing, Quality in Optic Fiber / OFC  / Optical Fiber Production or Manufacturing Industry.
Mechanical Engineers - Australia/Canada  DPRBha;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia, Canada;4-8 Years;1600000-3000000;Mechanical engineers perform some or all of the following duties: Conduct research into the feasibility, design, operation and performance of mechanisms, components and systems  Plan and manage projects, and prepare material, cost and timing estimates, reports and design specifications for machinery and systems  Design power plants, machines, components, tools, fixtures and equipment  Analyze dynamics and vibrations of mechanical systems and structures  Supervise and inspect the installation, modification and commissioning of mechanical systems at construction sites or in industrial facilities  Develop maintenance standards, schedules and programs and provide guidance to industrial maintenance crews  Investigate mechanical failures or unexpected maintenance problems  Prepare contract documents and evaluate tenders for industrial construction or maintenance  Supervise technicians, technologists and other engineers and review and approve designs, calculations and cost estimates
Opening for Technician in top Automobile Co at Pune;PARC Kalite Consultant;Pune;2-5 Years;150000-240000;Greetings from PARC Kalite Consultant !!! Hope you are doing fine!!! PARC Kalite Consultant is an established organization providing quality manpower services to the corporate world and emerges as an integrated HR service provider in Worldwide. It is the fastest growing executive search firm, offering multiple opportunities to businesses seeking recruitment and flexible staffing solutions and to career aspirants seeking full-time employment. NOTE: We apologize, if any inconvenience is caused or this job opening is irrelevant / not of interest to you and request you to ignore this mail. Designation : Technician Job Description : ITI, NCTVT, DME / DAE with minimum 2-3 years experience. Should maximize revenue through quantity & quality production, should take efforts to get updated knowledge through training, maintain tidy and safe working environment, perform maintenance services according to Volkswagen instructions and according to maintenance schedule with strict adherence to management policies. Should improve CSI and possess basic computer knowledge Job Location : Pune (Wakad) Experience : min 2 to 3 years Salary : 15k to 20k  
Mechanical Engineer,  Automobile Engineer,  Mechanical Design Engineer job 9152214394;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineer, Automobile Engineer, Mechanical Design Engineer job 9152214394 Salary Offered:-12000 to 25000 Per month  Education:-Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.)/  (Diploma) in Mechanical preferred skill:-CATIA, Autocad, Solidworks, Production/ Quality Control/ Maintenance Experience :-Freshers & 6 month Experience as Mechanical Engineer in Manufacturing /Mechanical Design preferred  Location:-thane, / bhandup / sion / vashi / panvel / navi Mumbai / andheri / goregaon / mira rd Age :-Above 18 yrs  Gender:- Male & Female preferred Shift Time :-9: 30 am - 6:30 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly off :-sunday,  Interview Time:- 11:00 am - 4:00 pm | Monday to Friday Contact Person:-priti Contact Details:-Click To Call HR:-9152214394
Mechanical / Automobile;null;Chennai, Hyderabad / Secunderabad;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Provide lead design services for mechanical and mechatronic systems Robotics knowledge is desirable Schedule and manage the work of engineers in mechanical design and engineering Have knowledge of Motors and actuators including designing and manufacturing engineering for Mechatronics Products PLM and configuration management knowledge Develop and maintain engineering standards and practices within the department. Interface and coordinate with all departments for proper allocation of mechanical engineering resources to projects and tasks Interview and evaluate prospective mechanical design employees Develop programs to enhance the knowledge base of the department Verification of client specifications in order to lead the design of mechatronic systems that meet or exceed client specifications Form relationships with outside manufacturers and vendors in order to facilitate mechanical design processes Vacancy:02 Venue: Greenland Automation India. HR Preeti 9175018154 7057495596 www.greenlandautomation.com Note : Upload resume website.
Mechanical Engineers - Australia/Canada  DPR;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia, Canada;6-12 Years;1600000-3000000;Mechanical engineers perform some or all of the following duties: Conduct research into the feasibility, design, operation and performance of mechanisms, components and systems  Plan and manage projects, and prepare material, cost and timing estimates, reports and design specifications for machinery and systems  Design power plants, machines, components, tools, fixtures and equipment  Analyze dynamics and vibrations of mechanical systems and structures  Supervise and inspect the installation, modification and commissioning of mechanical systems at construction sites or in industrial facilities  Develop maintenance standards, schedules and programs and provide guidance to industrial maintenance crews  Investigate mechanical failures or unexpected maintenance problems  Prepare contract documents and evaluate tenders for industrial construction or maintenance  Supervise technicians, technologists and other engineers and review and approve designs, calculations and cost estimates
Golden opportunity  For Freshers Core Job DIP/BE/B.Tech(MECH/Automobile) at Chennai & Coimbatore;Shine Management Services;Chennai;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Dear Candidates, Greetings from Shine Management Services … We are recruiting Mechanical candidates to our leading clients in Chennai Qualification : DIP / BE / B.Tech Mechanical / Automobile / Aeronautical Designation : Graduate Engineering Trainee / Graduate Apprentice Training Skill : Production / Quality / Maintenance / Design / Auto cad / Solid Works / CATIA / CREO Experience : 0 to 1 Years Salary : 15 k Benefits : Food and Accommodation and 8 hrs Working and Cab Location : Chennai – Irungattukottai, Oragadam, Sriperambadur, Maraimalai Nagar, Ambattur. Job Description : Mechanical engineers need to be technically minded, able to demonstrate numerical and scientific ability and have problem-solving skills. Job Responsibilities : • Assessing project requirements • Measuring the performance of mechanical components, devices and engines • Agreeing budgets, timescales and specifications with clients and managers • Maintaining and modifying equipment to ensure that it is safe, reliable and efficient • Undertaking relevant research • Producing and implementing designs and test procedures • Presenting designs to managers and clients • Quality testing, evaluating, modifying and re-testing products • Writing reports and documentation • Analyzing and interpreting data. Interested candidates can walk in to our office directly. Regards, Ms. Pooja, Shine Management Services, No.22, Vembuliyamman Kovil Street, Kulathuma Nagar, Pallavaram, Chennai-600043 Landmark : Vembuliyamman Kovil Contact Number: 8939303558 / 9962637631
Autocad ,Draughtsman ,Mechanical;Karan IT Solutions;Hyderabad / Secunderabad, Mumbai;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Should have Good knowledge of Auto Cad 2D and 3D. Proficiency in reading mechanical drawings. need to create innovative design based on product innovations and client requirements. Autodesk Powershape knowledge is an added advantage. ITI Mechanical ,Diploma Mechanical or B.Tech Mechanical Should have excellent technical acumen for understanding mechanical drawings and parts for machines. Innovative and Creative mind for designing is an added advantage.
All Engineer- Australia/Canada BGJa;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia, Canada;5-15 Years;1800000-3900000;"All Engineer Job Duties :   • Engineers apply the principles of science and mathematics to develop economical solutions to technical problems. Their work is the link between scientific discoveries and the commercial applications that meet societal and consumer needs. • Many engineers develop new products. During the process, they consider several factors. For example, in developing an industrial robot, engineers specify the functional requirements precisely; design and test the robots components; integrate the components to produce the final design; and evaluate the designs overall effectiveness, cost, reliability, and safety. This process applies to the development of many different products, such as chemicals, computers, powerplants, helicopters, and toys. • In addition to their involvement in design and development, many engineers work in testing, production, or maintenance. These engineers supervise production in factories, determine the causes of a component’s failure, and test manufactured products to maintain quality. They also estimate the time and cost required to complete projects. Supervisory engineers are responsible for major components or entire projects. • Engineers use computers extensively to produce and analyze designs; to simulate and test how a machine, structure, or system operates; to generate specifications for parts; to monitor the quality of products; and to control the efficiency of processes. Nanotechnology, which involves the creation of high-performance materials and components by integrating atoms and molecules, also is introducing entirely new principles to the design process."
Mechanical / Automobile Engineer;null;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Mysore;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Provide lead design services for mechanical and mechatronic systems Robotics knowledge is desirable Schedule and manage the work of engineers in mechanical design and engineering Have knowledge of Motors and actuators including designing and manufacturing engineering for Mechatronics Products PLM and configuration management knowledge Develop and maintain engineering standards and practices within the department. Interface and coordinate with all departments for proper allocation of mechanical engineering resources to projects and tasks Interview and evaluate prospective mechanical design employees Develop programs to enhance the knowledge base of the department Verification of client specifications in order to lead the design of mechatronic systems that meet or exceed client specifications Form relationships with outside manufacturers and vendors in order to facilitate mechanical design processes Vacancy:02 Venue: Greenland Automation India. HR Preeti 9175018154 7057495596 www.greenlandautomation.com Note : Upload resume website.
urgent  job opening for civil  draftsman/ AUTOCAD 2D/3D /  MECHANICAL DRAFTSMAN 8425014502;null;Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-2 Years;Not Specified;urgent job opening for civil draftsman/ AUTOCAD 2D/3D / MECHANICAL DRAFTSMAN 8425014502Qualification:-10 th & 12th pass/Diploma Candidate Can Apply For This Job Salary-12000-20000 Experience:-Fresher & 6 month Experience Candidate Can Apply For This Job Location:-thane / new mumbai / dadar / andheri / kalyan Job Timing:-9:30 am - 6:30pm | Monday to Saturday Contact Person:-8425014502 Job Opening:-80
Mechanical / Automobile Engineer Walk In Interview;null;Mumbai, Pune;2-8 Years;Not Specified;Designing and implementing cost-effective equipment modifications to help improve safety and reliability. Developing, testing and evaluating theoretical designs. Making sure a product can be made reliably and will perform consistently in specified operating environments. Planning and designing new production processes. Considering the implications of issues such as cost, safety and time constraints. Vacancy:02 Venue: Royal Group India. HR Preeti 7887343945 7219527548 www.grouproyal.co.in Note : Upload resume website.
All Engineer - Australia/Canada BK;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia, Canada;5-15 Years;1800000-3900000;"All Engineer Job Duties :   • Engineers apply the principles of science and mathematics to develop economical solutions to technical problems. Their work is the link between scientific discoveries and the commercial applications that meet societal and consumer needs. • Many engineers develop new products. During the process, they consider several factors. For example, in developing an industrial robot, engineers specify the functional requirements precisely; design and test the robots components; integrate the components to produce the final design; and evaluate the designs overall effectiveness, cost, reliability, and safety. This process applies to the development of many different products, such as chemicals, computers, powerplants, helicopters, and toys. • In addition to their involvement in design and development, many engineers work in testing, production, or maintenance. These engineers supervise production in factories, determine the causes of a component’s failure, and test manufactured products to maintain quality. They also estimate the time and cost required to complete projects. Supervisory engineers are responsible for major components or entire projects. • Engineers use computers extensively to produce and analyze designs; to simulate and test how a machine, structure, or system operates; to generate specifications for parts; to monitor the quality of products; and to control the efficiency of processes. Nanotechnology, which involves the creation of high-performance materials and components by integrating atoms and molecules, also is introducing entirely new principles to the design process."
Draftsman for Manufacturing Industry, Draftsman Auto Cad;null;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;2-12 Years;229999-4540000;1) Develop detailed design drawings and specifications for mechanical equipment, dies/tools, and controls, using computer-assisted drafting (CAD) equipment. 2) Coordinate with and consult other workers to design, lay out, or detail components and systems and to resolve design or other problems. 3) Review and analyze specifications, sketches, drawings, ideas, and related data to assess factors affecting component designs and the procedures and instructions to be followed. 4) Compute mathematical formulas to develop and design detailed specifications for components or machinery, using computer-assisted equipment. 5) Position instructions and comments onto drawings. 6) Modify and revise designs to correct operating deficiencies or to reduce production problems. 7) Design scale or full- blueprints of specialty items, such as furniture and automobile body or chassis components. 8) Check dimensions of materials to be used and assign numbers to the materials. 9) Draw freehand sketches of designs, trace finished drawings onto designated paper for the reproduction of blueprints, and reproduce working drawings on copy machines.
Project Manager - robotics and automation - Navi Mumbai;Zetta Women;Navi Mumbai;8-12 Years;800000-1100000;PROJECT MANAGER  BASIC QUALIFICATION: BE / DIPLOMA – MECHANICAL EXPERIENCE : 8 -12 yrs LOCATION : NAVI MUMBAI Roles & Responsibilities: · A project manager is a person who has the overall responsibility for the successful initiation, planning, design, execution, monitoring, controlling and closure of a project. Typical responsibilities of a project manager include: Planning, Executing, and Closing Projects — defining the project, building its comprehensive work plan, and managing to the budget. Managing Teams — facilitating commitment and productivity, removing obstacles, and motivating team members. CTC: 10 lacs per annum Immediate joining.
All Engineer -Australia/Canada D3;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia, Canada;5-15 Years;1800000-3900000;"All Engineer Job Duties :   • Engineers apply the principles of science and mathematics to develop economical solutions to technical problems. Their work is the link between scientific discoveries and the commercial applications that meet societal and consumer needs. • Many engineers develop new products. During the process, they consider several factors. For example, in developing an industrial robot, engineers specify the functional requirements precisely; design and test the robots components; integrate the components to produce the final design; and evaluate the designs overall effectiveness, cost, reliability, and safety. This process applies to the development of many different products, such as chemicals, computers, powerplants, helicopters, and toys. • In addition to their involvement in design and development, many engineers work in testing, production, or maintenance. These engineers supervise production in factories, determine the causes of a component’s failure, and test manufactured products to maintain quality. They also estimate the time and cost required to complete projects. Supervisory engineers are responsible for major components or entire projects. • Engineers use computers extensively to produce and analyze designs; to simulate and test how a machine, structure, or system operates; to generate specifications for parts; to monitor the quality of products; and to control the efficiency of processes. Nanotechnology, which involves the creation of high-performance materials and components by integrating atoms and molecules, also is introducing entirely new principles to the design process."
Mechanical Engineer - Canada BKh;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Canada;8-15 Years;1600000-3600000;Mechanical engineers perform some or all of the following duties: Conduct research into the feasibility, design, operation and performance of mechanisms, components and systems  Plan and manage projects, and prepare material, cost and timing estimates, reports and design specifications for machinery and systems  Design power plants, machines, components, tools, fixtures and equipment  Analyze dynamics and vibrations of mechanical systems and structures  Supervise and inspect the installation, modification and commissioning of mechanical systems at construction sites or in industrial facilities  Develop maintenance standards, schedules and programs and provide guidance to industrial maintenance crews  Investigate mechanical failures or unexpected maintenance problems  Prepare contract documents and evaluate tenders for industrial construction or maintenance  Supervise technicians, technologists and other engineers and review and approve designs, calculations and cost estimates
Production Engineer, Quality Control, Design Engineer Mechanical, Automobile Engineer job 9152214394;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;urgent job vacancy  Production Engineer, Quality Control, Design Engineer Mechanical, Automobile Engineer job 9152214394 Salary Offered:-12000 to 25000 Per month Education :-B.Tech, B.E & Diploma as Mechanical Engineer in preferred Experience :-Fresher & 6 month Experience as Mechanical Engineer in preferred location:-thane / sion / vashi / dadar / andheri / mira rd / virar / vasai / belapur / kalyan / goregaon Age :-Above 18 yrs Gender:- Male & Female preferred Shift Time :-9: 30 am - 6:30 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly off :-sunday, Interview Time:- 11:00 am - 4:00 pm | Monday to Friday Contact Person:-pari
WE ARE HIRING FOR PRODUCTION  SUPERVISOR- URGENT REQUIREMENT;Shri Harish Consultancy;Chennai;5-8 Years;220000-340000;Diploma in Mechanical Engineering,Bachelor of Mechanical Engineering  with above 5years Experience in Production related to Production. Candidate should have experience and knowledge in G code , N Code and also know Programming with setting. Salary Fixed based on his Skill. Candidate should have willing to work in 3 shift. Candidate should have experince in Man power Handling.,They will control with 15 to 20 operators. 5S, TPM, production and Quality basis system knowledge required Candidate should have experience in FANUC, 3 Axis and candidate should have work in ACE turning center , AMS VMC (Brand Name of the Machine) Location: Chengalpattu. Contact: R. Sathiya9176773006
opening for mechanical production/QC /HVAC /MAINTENANCE/ DRAFTSMAN  FRESHER;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-2 Years;Not Specified;opening for mechanical production/QC /HVAC /MAINTENANCE/ DRAFTSMAN FRESHER 8425014502Mechanical Engineer/ Salary: 12000 To 18000 Per Month Education: BE / B.Tech / Diploma Only Mumbai Candidates Can Apply For This Job Job Time 9:30 To 6:30 Full Time Job Candidates Wants To Do Fresher Candidates Can Apply Male & Female Candidates Can Apply Contact No: 8425014502 Meet HR tejal mam Job Timing-9.30-6.30weekly  6 day workingweekly off- Sundaycontact person - tejal-8425014502
Production Engineer;Diraa HR Services;Coimbatore;0-2 Years;Not Specified;Plan and coordinate production engineering processes on daily basis to produce high quality products. Develop process improvements to effectively utilize equipment and materials to maximize production. Develop operational strategies to achieve production and financial objectives. Identify unsafe operations and practices and report the same to Manager immediately. Establish safety procedures and environmental regulations for employees. Perform engineering analysis to reduce downtime and outages. aintProvide engineering support for production and menance activities to ensure maximum production. Evaluate current production activities and make recommendations for improvements.     Contact Person     : Aishwarya HR RECRUITERContact Number : 9944116045
Civil Engineer, Site engineer, Diploma Civil, Site supervisor, Mechanical engineer, Construction engineer;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;1-2 Years;Not Specified;Civil Engineer, Site engineer, Diploma Civil, Site supervisor, Mechanical engineer, Construction engineer education : degree engineering good communication skill6 month experienceage:18 yrs upto 35 yrs(can both yrs apply) only male can apply fresher also location :all over mumbai
Mechanical Engineer, Mechanical Design Engineer, Automobile Engineering, job 9152214394;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;we are urgently hiring  Mechanical Engineer, Mechanical Design Engineer, Automobile Engineering, Hvac engineer job 9152214394 Salary Offered:-12000 to 25000 Per month  Education :- B.Tech, B.E pass & Diploma pass as  Mechanical Engineer in preferred Experience :- fresher & 6 month Experience  in  Mechanical Engineer in preferred  Age :-Above 18 yrs  Location:-thane / new mumbai / vashi / andheri / mira rd / kalyan / malad  Gender:- Male & Female preferred Shift Time :-9: 30 am - 6:30 pm (day shift)
Graduate Mechanical Engineer Calls For Europe - 9891090685;Meteors Immigration Consultancy Services LLP;France, Germany;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Govt visa with family status degree/masters candidates Transportation provided by company working days- 6 days/week With Family food Accommodation duty Hours 10 hours (8+2 Fixed overtime) call/whatsapp Anuj Soni 9891090685Job duties Perform a full lifecycle product development (design, develop, test prototypes, manufacture and implement) Design systems and components that meet needs and requirements Produce outline designs Conduct experiments methodically, analyse data and interpret results Test and evaluate theoretical designs Identify, formulate and produce effective solutions to emerging problems Evaluate final product’s overall performance, reliability and safety Alter and modify design to meet requirements and to eliminate malfunctions Estimate budget and scope of project Solicit observations from operators Prepare product reports and documentation Engage in lifelong learning and develop new theories or methods
Hire Mechanical Engineers.;Jailaxmi Enterprises;Pune;0-3 Years;10000-40000;"Job Description:- We have urgent requirement for mechanical engineers.Job type ;- on roll,full timeRequired Experience :- 0 to 3 yearsAbout Company ;- core automobile sectorJob profile :-  Production supervisor, Quality Control , Maintenance ,Design If any other information contact us to HR ( 7264072330)"
Mechanical Engineers - Australia/Canada     BaKi;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia, Canada;5-10 Years;1600000-3000000;Mechanical engineers perform some or all of the following duties: Conduct research into the feasibility, design, operation and performance of mechanisms, components and systems  Plan and manage projects, and prepare material, cost and timing estimates, reports and design specifications for machinery and systems  Design power plants, machines, components, tools, fixtures and equipment  Analyze dynamics and vibrations of mechanical systems and structures  Supervise and inspect the installation, modification and commissioning of mechanical systems at construction sites or in industrial facilities  Develop maintenance standards, schedules and programs and provide guidance to industrial maintenance crews  Investigate mechanical failures or unexpected maintenance problems  Prepare contract documents and evaluate tenders for industrial construction or maintenance  Supervise technicians, technologists and other engineers and review and approve designs, calculations and cost estimates
Mechanical / Automobile Engineer Walk In Interview;null;Ahmedabad, Gandhinagar;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Provide lead design services for mechanical and mechatronic systems Robotics knowledge is desirable Schedule and manage the work of engineers in mechanical design and engineering Have knowledge of Motors and actuators including designing and manufacturing engineering for Mechatronics Products PLM and configuration management knowledge Develop and maintain engineering standards and practices within the department. Interface and coordinate with all departments for proper allocation of mechanical engineering resources to projects and tasks Interview and evaluate prospective mechanical design employees Develop programs to enhance the knowledge base of the department Verification of client specifications in order to lead the design of mechatronic systems that meet or exceed client specifications Form relationships with outside manufacturers and vendors in order to facilitate mechanical design processe
Mechanical Engineers Required For Canada, Australia & Hong-Kong;null;Australia, Canada;2-12 Years;2800000-4000000;Prepare contract documents and evaluate tenders for industrial construction or maintenance Plan and manage projects, and prepare material, cost and timing estimates, reports and design specifications for machinery and systems Supervise and inspect the installation, modification and commissioning of mechanical systems at construction sites or in industrial facilitiesConduct research into the feasibility, design, operation and performance of mechanisms, components and systems Design power plants, machines, components, tools, fixtures and equipment Develop maintenance standards, schedules and programs and provide guidance to industrial maintenance crews
Draftsman for Manufacturing Industry, Draftsman Auto Cad;null;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;2-12 Years;229999-4540000;1) Develop detailed design drawings and specifications for mechanical equipment, dies/tools, and controls, using computer-assisted drafting (CAD) equipment. 2) Coordinate with and consult other workers to design, lay out, or detail components and systems and to resolve design or other problems. 3) Review and analyze specifications, sketches, drawings, ideas, and related data to assess factors affecting component designs and the procedures and instructions to be followed. 4) Compute mathematical formulas to develop and design detailed specifications for components or machinery, using computer-assisted equipment. 5) Position instructions and comments onto drawings. 6) Modify and revise designs to correct operating deficiencies or to reduce production problems. 7) Design scale or full- blueprints of specialty items, such as furniture and automobile body or chassis components. 8) Check dimensions of materials to be used and assign numbers to the materials. 9) Draw freehand sketches of designs, trace finished drawings onto designated paper for the reproduction of blueprints, and reproduce working drawings on copy machines.
Mechanical Engineering, Mechanical Design, Quantity Surveying, Automobile Engineer;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineer Required Immediately For MNC company  Mechanical Engineering, Mechanical Design, Quantity Surveying, Automobile Engineer job 9152214394 Salary Offered:-12000 to 25000 Per month  Education :-Diploma in Mechanical preferred Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech)/Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) in Mechanical preferred Experience :-Freshers & 6 month Experience   as Mechanical Engineer in Manufacturing / Engineering preferred  Age :-Above 18 yrs Location:-thane, / sion / vashi / panvel / navi Mumbai / andheri / goregaon / mira rd / / vasai / kurla Gender:- Male & Female preferred   Shift Time :-9: 30 am - 6:30 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly off :-sunday, Interview Time:- 11:00 am - 4:00 pm | Monday to Friday Contact Person:-pari Contact Details:-Click To Call HR:-9152214394
Mechanical Engineers - Australia/Canada BGJa;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia, Canada;10-15 Years;1600000-3000000;Mechanical engineers perform some or all of the following duties: Conduct research into the feasibility, design, operation and performance of mechanisms, components and systems  Plan and manage projects, and prepare material, cost and timing estimates, reports and design specifications for machinery and systems  Design power plants, machines, components, tools, fixtures and equipment  Analyze dynamics and vibrations of mechanical systems and structures  Supervise and inspect the installation, modification and commissioning of mechanical systems at construction sites or in industrial facilities  Develop maintenance standards, schedules and programs and provide guidance to industrial maintenance crews  Investigate mechanical failures or unexpected maintenance problems  Prepare contract documents and evaluate tenders for industrial construction or maintenance  Supervise technicians, technologists and other engineers and review and approve designs, calculations and cost estimates
Mechanical Engineers - Australia/Canada NPGa;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia, Canada;5-15 Years;1600000-3000000;Mechanical engineers perform some or all of the following duties: Conduct research into the feasibility, design, operation and performance of mechanisms, components and systems  Plan and manage projects, and prepare material, cost and timing estimates, reports and design specifications for machinery and systems  Design power plants, machines, components, tools, fixtures and equipment  Analyze dynamics and vibrations of mechanical systems and structures  Supervise and inspect the installation, modification and commissioning of mechanical systems at construction sites or in industrial facilities  Develop maintenance standards, schedules and programs and provide guidance to industrial maintenance crews  Investigate mechanical failures or unexpected maintenance problems  Prepare contract documents and evaluate tenders for industrial construction or maintenance  Supervise technicians, technologists and other engineers and review and approve designs, calculations and cost estimates
Mechanical / Automobile Engineer;null;Kolkata, Ranchi;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Provide lead design services for mechanical and mechatronic systems Robotics knowledge is desirable Schedule and manage the work of engineers in mechanical design and engineering Have knowledge of Motors and actuators including designing and manufacturing engineering for Mechatronics Products PLM and configuration management knowledge Develop and maintain engineering standards and practices within the department. Interface and coordinate with all departments for proper allocation of mechanical engineering resources to projects and tasks Interview and evaluate prospective mechanical design employees Develop programs to enhance the knowledge base of the department Verification of client specifications in order to lead the design of mechatronic systems that meet or exceed client specifications Form relationships with outside manufacturers and vendors in order to facilitate mechanical design processes
Mechanical / Automobile Engineer Walk In Interview;null;Cochin / Kochi / Ernakulam, Panjim / Panaji;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Provide lead design services for mechanical and mechatronic systems Robotics knowledge is desirable Schedule and manage the work of engineers in mechanical design and engineering Have knowledge of Motors and actuators including designing and manufacturing engineering for Mechatronics Products PLM and configuration management knowledge Develop and maintain engineering standards and practices within the department. Interface and coordinate with all departments for proper allocation of mechanical engineering resources to projects and tasks Interview and evaluate prospective mechanical design employees Develop programs to enhance the knowledge base of the department Verification of client specifications in order to lead the design of mechatronic systems that meet or exceed client specifications Form relationships with outside manufacturers and vendors in order to facilitate mechanical design processes
Mechanical / Automobile Engineer;null;Bhopal, Nagpur;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Provide lead design services for mechanical and mechatronic systems Robotics knowledge is desirable Schedule and manage the work of engineers in mechanical design and engineering Have knowledge of Motors and actuators including designing and manufacturing engineering for Mechatronics Products PLM and configuration management knowledge Develop and maintain engineering standards and practices within the department. Interface and coordinate with all departments for proper allocation of mechanical engineering resources to projects and tasks Interview and evaluate prospective mechanical design employees Develop programs to enhance the knowledge base of the department Verification of client specifications in order to lead the design of mechatronic systems that meet or exceed client specifications Form relationships with outside manufacturers and vendors in order to facilitate mechanical design processes Vacancy:02 Venue: Greenland Automation India. HR Preeti 9860674835 9545823336 www.greenlandautomation.com Note : Upload resume website.
Mechanical / Automobile Engineer -  Walk In Interview;null;Cochin / Kochi / Ernakulam, Panjim / Panaji;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Designing and implementing cost-effective equipment modifications to help improve safety and reliability. Developing, testing and evaluating theoretical designs. Making sure a product can be made reliably and will perform consistently in specified operating environments. Planning and designing new production processes. Considering the implications of issues such as cost, safety and time constraints.
Autocad Catia  Solidwork Walk In Interview;null;Mumbai, Pune;6-10 Years;Not Specified;Prepare product design specifications and create design sketches and drawings. Plan and execute product designs within allotted budget and timelines. Analyse and troubleshoot product issues and constraints in a timely manner. Recommend new tools and technologies to complete design projects. Maintain a design library for reference purposes. Negotiate and confirm product designs with customers. Share new design ideas and methodologies with management. Assist in product development and implementation activities. Analyse potential risks and develop effective mitigation plans. Evaluate product designs and recommend improvements. Stay abreast with design trends and techniques. Follow design standards and adhere to company policies. Use CAD software to develop product models and assembly.
AUTO TECHNICIAN;Mirah International;Oman;2-12 Years;400000-550000;Mirah International Vacancy for Oman CV SELECTION Need AUTO TECHNICIAN. QTY - 10 SALARY - 180 OMR - 200 OMR Mechanical & Electrical, knowledge of Crane, Dozer,Truck.
Autocad Catia  Solidwork Walk In Interview;null;Chennai, Hyderabad / Secunderabad;4-8 Years;Not Specified;Prepare product design specifications and create design sketches and drawings. Plan and execute product designs within allotted budget and timelines. Analyse and troubleshoot product issues and constraints in a timely manner. Recommend new tools and technologies to complete design projects. Maintain a design library for reference purposes. Negotiate and confirm product designs with customers. Share new design ideas and methodologies with management. Assist in product development and implementation activities. Analyse potential risks and develop effective mitigation plans. Evaluate product designs and recommend improvements. Stay abreast with design trends and techniques. Follow design standards and adhere to company policies. Use CAD software to develop product models and assembly.
JOB Opportunity  - Multiple Openings for  Mechancial Engineer;Sai Education And Job Consultancy;Chennai;0-2 Years;Not Specified;Delightful Greetings from SAI EDUCATION AND JOB CONSULTANCY - SEJC  Dear Job Seekers, We are hiring for Diploma / Engineering Graduates freshers in Leading Manufacturing Industries. We have an exciting opportunity to the Engineering graduates who have completed in the stream of Mech Engineering.Those who would like to start your career Job role in the field of Mechanical Engineer categories. Eligibility Criteria: Diploma / B. E / B. TECH - Mech Engineering Year of Passed Out : 2017 - 2018 [ Freshers] Designation Field : Quality/ Productions/Maintenance (Engineer) Work Location :Chenna
SALES HEAD / SALES MANAGER;hako group;Delhi, Mumbai;2-5 Years;330000-440000;PREPARE & DELIVER TECHNICAL PRESENTATIONS EXPLANING PRODUCTS OR SERVICES TO PROSPECTIVE CUSTOMERS. UNDERSTAND CUSTOMER REQUIREMENTS & PROVIDE NECESSARY SUPPORT. PLAN & MODIFY PRODUCTS TO MEET CUSTOMER NEEDS. HELP CUSTOMER SOLVE PROBLEMS WITH INSTALLED EQUIPMENT.
Mechanical / Automobile Engineer;null;Lucknow, Patna;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Provide lead design services for mechanical and mechatronic systems Robotics knowledge is desirable Schedule and manage the work of engineers in mechanical design and engineering Have knowledge of Motors and actuators including designing and manufacturing engineering for Mechatronics Products PLM and configuration management knowledge Develop and maintain engineering standards and practices within the department. Interface and coordinate with all departments for proper allocation of mechanical engineering resources to projects and tasks Interview and evaluate prospective mechanical design employees Develop programs to enhance the knowledge base of the department Verification of client specifications in order to lead the design of mechatronic systems that meet or exceed client specifications Form relationships with outside manufacturers and vendors in order to facilitate mechanical design processes
Mechanical Engineering, Mechanical Design Engineering, Automobile Engineering  job 9152214394;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineering, Mechanical Design Engineering, Automobile Engineering, Petroleum job 9152214394 Salary Offered:-12000 to 25000 Per month Education:-Diploma mandatory Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech)/Bachelor of Mechanical  Engineering (B.E.) mandatory Experience :-Freshers & 6 month  Experience  as Mechanical Engineer in Manufacturing / Engineering preferred  Location:-thane, /bhandup / sion / vashi / , panvel, / new Mumbai / belapur /andheri/ mira rd / vasai / kandiwali Age :-Above 18 yrs  Gender:- Male preferred Shift Time :-10:30 am - 6:30 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly of :-Sunday Contact Person:-priti Contact Details:-Click To Call HR:-9152214394
Mechanical / Automobile Engineer Walk In Interview;Autosystem;Kolkata, Ranchi;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Study plans for the upcoming generation of engine models, and develop strategies for improving upon current models Design products using CAD, and consult with engineering and manufacturing teammates to ensure that designs are feasible Develop and build prototypes and run tests to measure their level of function Record and evaluate testing data, altering designs as necessary to bring them to safety, performance and efficiency standards Consult with fabrication teams during product manufacturing, advising them on design specifications and providing physical assistance when required Research competitor products quarterly and collaborate with the product development team to generate ideas for making our products the best ones on the market Vacancy:02 Venue: Autosystem India. HR Preeti 7378987634 7517981054 www.autosystem.co.in Note : Upload resume website.
Core Job Opening DIP/BE/B.Tech(MECH/ECE/EEE/E&I/Automobile) at Chennai;Shine Management Services;Chennai, Coimbatore;;Not Specified;"Core Job Opening DIP/BE/B.Tech(MECH/ECE/EEE/E&I/Automobile) at Chennai Dear Candidates,  Greetings from SHINE MANAGEMENT SERVICES!!!  We are hiring candidates for the following description,  Qualification: DIP / BE & B.Tech - ECE /EEE/E&I/Mechatronics/Mech/Automobile  Skills: Production, Quality, Maintenance, VLSI, Embedded, Micro Controller, Micro Processor, Networking, Wireless, ASIC, Electronic Telecommunication , PLC, SCADA, Automation,Auto Cad, Solid Works, Catia , Creo  Destination ; GET / GAT / Design Engineering  Salary ; 15 k  Benefit : Food & Cab & 8 hrs Working & Accommodation  Category : All clear / Arrears both eligible  Shift : General & Rotational both  Job Location : Chennai & Coimbatore  Year of Batch : 2017 to 19 ( Freshers)  Experience: (Only Freshers)  Interview Timings : 10 am to 4.00 pm Interested Candidates can directly walk-in to the below mentioned address, Venue Details: Ms. Pooja. S, (HR Recruiter ), Shine Management Services, No.22, Vembuliyamman Kovil Street, Kulathuma Nagar, Pallavaram, Chennai- 600043. Landmark: Vembuliyamman Kovil Contact Number : 8939303558 / 9962637631"
Graduate Automobile Engineers with Required in Europe - 9891090685;Meteors Immigration Consultancy Services LLP;France, Germany;1-3 Years;Not Specified;Govt visa with family status degree/masters candidates Transportation provided by company working days- 6 days/week With Family food Accommodation duty Hours 10 hours (8+2 Fixed overtime) call/whatsapp Anuj Soni 9891090685Job duties assessing project requirements agreeing and negotiating project budgets, timescales and specifications with clients and managers developing and implementing test procedures building prototypes of components to carry out tests on organising and carrying out tests, eg to check whether engines will work in different conditions, such as high temperatures interpreting and analysing results and data sourcing vehicle components and selecting the best materials to use providing technical advice and answering queries from clients using specialist computer modelling software to produce designs making improvements to vehicles in response to customer feedback investigating and solving problems, eg mechanical failures working closely with suppliers writing reports and documentation  giving presentations  undertaking relevant research
Static Equipment Design Engineer;Arihant Engineers;United Arab Emirates;5-8 Years;Not Specified;Duties & Responsibilities - Candidate should have held a mid level position {Responsible Engineer) in the Engineering team for execution of projects. Dealing with (Columns and their Internals/Pressure Vessels /Heat exchanger/ Air cooled Ex/Filters/Tanks/static Packages) Engineers, qualified to degree level.Preparation of Mechanical Static Equipment Design for Column, Pressure Vessel, Shell & tube Heat exchanger, Air Cooler etc. for various Oil & Gas, Power, Chemical Plant, Fertiliser. Knowledge of design using ASME section VIII div.1 & div.2. TEMA and other supporting section of ASME, industry / regulatory codes and standards like ASME, TEMA, ANSI, API, BS, BIS, Licensor & Client specification, OISD, experience in industry software like Compress, PV-Elite, BJAC, and HTRI. Identify project requirements pertaining to the discipline, available data/information and required Scope of Work. Prepare and issue of Technical Specifications, Mechanical Data Sheets, Purchase Requisitions, Prepare Technical Bid Evaluations. Review of Vendor data including design, calculation, drawings and QAP. Basic knowledge about Materials of construction like Carbon steels, Stainless Steel and Corrosion Resistant alloys (CRA).Should be ale to produce drawing on Auto-CAD on his own experience.
Mechanical / Automobile Engineer Walk In Interview;Autosystem;Bhopal, Nagpur;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Study plans for the upcoming generation of engine models, and develop strategies for improving upon current models Design products using CAD, and consult with engineering and manufacturing teammates to ensure that designs are feasible Develop and build prototypes and run tests to measure their level of function Record and evaluate testing data, altering designs as necessary to bring them to safety, performance and efficiency standards Consult with fabrication teams during product manufacturing, advising them on design specifications and providing physical assistance when required Research competitor products quarterly and collaborate with the product development team to generate ideas for making our products the best ones on the market Vacancy:02 Venue: Autosystem India. HR Preeti 7249537493 7249537542 www.autosystem.co.in Note : Upload resume website.
Mechanical / Automobile Engineer Walk In Interview;Autosystem;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Mysore;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Study plans for the upcoming generation of engine models, and develop strategies for improving upon current models Design products using CAD, and consult with engineering and manufacturing teammates to ensure that designs are feasible Develop and build prototypes and run tests to measure their level of function Record and evaluate testing data, altering designs as necessary to bring them to safety, performance and efficiency standards Consult with fabrication teams during product manufacturing, advising them on design specifications and providing physical assistance when required Research competitor products quarterly and collaborate with the product development team to generate ideas for making our products the best ones on the market Vacancy:02 Venue: Autosystem India. HR Preeti 7249537493 7249537542 www.autosystem.co.in Note : Upload resume website.
Hydro Test Engineer;Lucky Travels;Oman;5-15 Years;Not Specified;Accountability: Accountable to the Project Manager and Pre-Commissioning Manager for all technical aspects of Hydro testing and pre-commissioning of Piping & Pipelines and associated systems. Responsibilities: Reporting to the Project Manager / Management Team. Familiar with the PDO Engineer Standard & procedure for hydro-test/pre commissioning and commissioning. Responsible for pipeline cleaning, Gauging, flooding, hydro-testing, Dewatering, Swabbing and Drying. Responsible to prepared and finalized Hydro test Package as per PDO Engineer Standard and procedure, test diagrams and sketches for testing arrangements. Responsible to prepared and finalized pre-commissioning, design package and Construction Method Statement Package as per PDO Standard. Planning, Execution, Control and Supervision of all activities of Hydro testing. Coordination with Pipe Line spread in charge, QA/QC and HSE team in the organization and those of client for related activities Preparation/ review of work procedures for above activities, controlling overall pre-commissioning / commissioning activities. To determine the MAOP (Maximum Allowable Operating Pressure) and Specified Minimum Yield Strength (SMYS) and Recycle test Pressure. Responsible to prepare data sheets of the conducted tests and results To prepare an excel sheet of tests conducted (failures, passed tests and changes made) Preparing reports for Client submission, etc. Manpower, equipment and material planning for cleaning, gauging, Hydro testing, Dewatering, Swabbing, Drying and leak Monitoring installation and testing of pipelines, valves, and other piping items. Review hydro test package, carry out inspection of the lines prior to testing Review of Calibration records for various instruments and Documentation control. Preparation of test pack, Planning and execution of preparatory activities. Checking hydro test equipment and instrument Making arrangement for sourcing and transporting of test water and disposal thereof. Get repaired the line if any leak is attended and Re- Hydro test. Use of specification and procedure for quality welding. Taking action while any objection from client and consultant. Maintaining good contact with consultant and client. Responsible for HSE of all personnel involved in the operation.  Essential Skills / Qualifications: University Degree in Mechanical Engineering, Masters in Pipeline will be Preferred. Minimum 10 Yrs of Experience in Pipeline and minimum 5 years of experience with Pipeline and Piping encompassing in Hydro testing and pre-commissioning activities. Proven experience of working on pipeline Hydro testing and pre-commissioning. Supervision of pipeline pigging, cleaning, gauging, Pre hydro test , hydro testing pre commissioning and commissioning Mandatory Knowledge of Hydro testing and pre-commissioning of all types of hydrocarbon pipelines and associated systems. Knowledge about P&ID, PFD, Isometric and all relevant Piping equipment data sheet and SIS sheet, Pipeline Alignment Sheets, Hydro test Diagram and their Calculations. Prepare the Hydro test Pack, Punch List and Approvals for Piping and pipelines pre-commissioning on all aspects. Please share the updated resume with Experience Certificate, Qualification Certificate, and Passport Copy & Photos as soon as possible so that we can review and arrange the interview accordingly. Feel free to contact us for any clarification. Regards Irfan Ahmed +91 96640 23234
Mechanical Engineer, Mechanical Design Engineer, Automobile Engineering jobs 9152214394;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineer, Mechanical Quantity Surveying, Mechanical Design, Automobile Engineering job 9152214394 Salary Offered:-12000 to 25000 Per month  Education :-Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech)/( Diploma) Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) in Mechanical preferred  experience :-Fresher & 6 month of experience as Mechanical Engineer in Manufacturing / Engineering preferred  Location:-thane, kalyan, dadar / bhandup / sion /vashi, /panvel,/ new Mumbai / belapur /andheri/ mira rd / vasai kandiwali Gender:- Male & Female preferred  Shift Time :-9: 30 am - 6:30 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly off :-sunday, Interview Time:- 11:00 am - 4:00 pm | Monday to Friday Contact Person:-Priti Contact Details:-Click To Call HR:-9152214394
Piping Draftsman;Arihant Engineers;United Arab Emirates;5-10 Years;Not Specified;Activities -Prepare isometric drawing complete with BOM based on the sketches provided by field Piping Engineer in Auto CAD.Incorporate review commentsConsolidate MTOAs and when required visit to verify the isometric as per actual site conditionsWorking Hours -  Saturday to Thursday as per Probus site working hours Accommodation - Camp Ruwais
Mechanical Engineering,  Mechanical Design,  Automobile Engineer,  Quantity Surveying job 9152214394;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineering, Mechanical Design, Automobile Engineer, Quantity Surveying job 9152214394 Salary Offered:-12000 to 25000 Per month  Education:-Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) / Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) in Mechanical preferred  Diploma in Mechanical preferred  Skills:- CATIA, Autocad, Solidworks  Experience:-Fresher & 6 month Experience as Freshers Mechanical Engineer/Design Engineering or Automobile preferred  Location:-thane, / sion / vashi / panvel / navi Mumbai / andheri / goregaon / mira rd / / vasai / kurla   Gender:- Male & Female preferred   Age :-Above 18 yrs Shift Time :-10: 00 am - 6:00 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly of :-Sunday Interview Time:- 11:00 am - 4:00 pm | Monday to Friday Contact Person:-priyanka Contact Details:-Click To Call HR:-9152214394
Mechanical Engineering, Mechanical Design Engineer, Automobile Engineering Job 9152076966;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineering, Mechanical Design Engineer, Automobile Engineering, Mechanical Maintenance job 9152076966 Salary Offered:-12000 to 20000 Per month  Education :-Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech)/ (Diploma) Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) in Mechanical preferred Experience :-Freshers & 6 month Experience  as Production/ Quality Control/ Maintenance in Manufacturing / Engineering preferred  skill:-Production/ Quality Control/ Maintenance / CATIA / Autocad / Solidworks Location:-thane / sion / vashi / dadar / andheri / mira rd / virar / vasai / belapur / kalyan / goregaon Age :-Above 18 yrs  Gender:- Male & Female preferred Shift Time :-10: 00 am - 6:30 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly of :-Sunday Interview Time:- 11:00 am - 4:00 pm | Monday to Friday Name : hr anjali Contacts : 9152076966 Fresher and experience candidate both can apply
Estimation Engineer;Arihant Engineers;United Arab Emirates;5-8 Years;Not Specified;Duties & Responsibilities - Study the scope of work & tender document and prepare the tender review sheet then prepare/review the basic design, create the estimation BOQ and link it with client BOQ.Prepare & Send out RFQ for (materials, vendors & subcontractors), follow-up, prepare technical evaluation sheet, send & acquire responses and compliance sheets to prepare quotation comparison sheet Advise the best quotation on the basis of the technical proposals submitted, compliance to scope of work and delivery period of long lead items. Study the tender drawings/bulletins/clarification responses from client and reflect the same to suppliers/vendors/subcontractors to get the offers as per final & revised information from client. Review clients responses, terms & conditions and suppliers/ subcontractors offers then prepare the qualifications/ exceptions/ deviations and other issues which could affect the prices or project duration.  Prepare the tender cost estimation, such as man-hour estimates, materials, construction equipment. .. etc considering the location and duration of the project. Calculate the direct cost for each item by analysing the item to its basics (Material, Equipment & Manpower) all conforming with the project specifications & ensure pricing inputs are supported by adequate Basis of Estimate and Bill of Quantities. Participate in Cost Variance analysis and invoices. Knowledge about - (Columns and their Internals/Pressure Vessels /Heat Exchanger/ Air cooled Ex/Filters/Tanks/static Packages) Engineers, qualified to degree level. Knowledge of design using ASME section VIII div.1 & div.2. TEMA and other supporting section of ASME, industry / regulatory codes and standards like ASME, TEMA, ANSI, API, BS, BIS, Licensor & Client specification, OISD. Knowledge about Materials of construction like CS, SS & AS.
Executive Engineer;Job Store Consulting;Cochin / Kochi / Ernakulam;1-2 Years;400000-500000;We are hiring for Executive engineerLocation: CochinExp: 1-2yrSalary: 4-5LPASkills: Man management,Spares management,Exturder, banburyInterested candidates can apply Contact:Rebeka Amalraj8754855355[HIDDEN TEXT]
Mechanical / Automobile Engineer Walk In Interview;null;Delhi, Noida;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Provide lead design services for mechanical and mechatronic systems Robotics knowledge is desirable Schedule and manage the work of engineers in mechanical design and engineering Have knowledge of Motors and actuators including designing and manufacturing engineering for Mechatronics Products PLM and configuration management knowledge Develop and maintain engineering standards and practices within the department. Interface and coordinate with all departments for proper allocation of mechanical engineering resources to projects and tasks Interview and evaluate prospective mechanical design employees Develop programs to enhance the knowledge base of the department Verification of client specifications in order to lead the design of mechatronic systems that meet or exceed client specifications Form relationships with outside manufacturers and vendors in order to facilitate mechanical design processes Vacancy:02 Venue: Greenland Automation India. HR Preeti 9860674835 9545823336 www.greenlandautomation.com Note : Upload resume website.
NDT Level III Engineer;Mustafa Overseas Export Company;Kuwait;5-7 Years;Not Specified;Job Description: Mechanical Engineer with NDT Level III (ASNT Level III) qualification. Candidate with 5 to 7 years working experience as NDT Level III and Quality Control activities. He need to be qualified in all following Tests - ASNT NDT LEVEL III RADIOGRAPHIC TESTING  MAGNETIC PARTICLE TESTING LIQUID PENETRANT TESTING Free Transportation. NOTE:  No accommodation facility is offered
opening for mechanical engineer, automobile engineer, QA, QC;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;opening for mechanical engineer, automobile engineer,QA,QC qualification-12th/ diploma  Location-thane/navi mumbai/ andheri/ borivali/ malad/ kandivali/ kalyanday shift-9:30 to 6:30 skills for automotive engineers effective technical and problem-solving skills commercial awareness good attention to detail creativity interpersonal and communication skills presentation skills analytical skills good organisational skills
Freshers Core Job Opening DIP/BE/B.Tech(Mechanical /Automobile / Aerona ) at Chennai & Coimbatore;Shine Management Services;Chennai;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Dear Candidates, Greetings from Shine Management Services … We are recruiting Mechanical candidates to our leading clients in Chennai Qualification : DIP / BE / B.Tech Mechanical / Automobile / Aeronautical Designation : Graduate Engineering Trainee Skill : Production / Quality / Maintenance  / Design Experience : Fresher’s only (2017,18 , 19 Pass outs) Salary : 15 k Benefits : Food and Accommodation and 8 hrs Working Location : Chennai – Irungattukottai, Oragadam, Sriperambadur, Maraimalai Nagar, Ambattur. Job Description : Mechanical engineers need to be technically minded, able to demonstrate numerical and scientific ability and have problem-solving skills. Job Responsibilities : • Assessing project requirements • Measuring the performance of mechanical components, devices and engines • Agreeing budgets, timescales and specifications with clients and managers • Maintaining and modifying equipment to ensure that it is safe, reliable and efficient • Undertaking relevant research • Producing and implementing designs and test procedures • Presenting designs to managers and clients • Quality testing, evaluating, modifying and re-testing products • Writing reports and documentation • Analyzing and interpreting data. Interested candidates can walk in to our office directly. Regards, Ms. Pooja, Shine Management Services, No.22, Vembuliyamman Kovil Street, Kulathuma Nagar, Pallavaram, Chennai-600043 Landmark : Vembuliyamman Kovil Contact Number: 9962637631 / 8939303558.
Mechanical Engineer , civil engineer , Electrical engineer, Mechanical design engineer, Maintenance;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;1-6 Years;Not Specified; Limited vacancy Mechanical Engineer, Civil engineer , Electrical engineer, Mechanical design engineer, Maintenance Education : Diploma / Civil engineering / Degree /  MechanicalSalary : 15 k to 20 k { Depend upon interview }  Location : All over mumbai 
Mechanical Engineers - Australia/Canada BGVi;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia, Canada;5-15 Years;1600000-3000000;Mechanical engineers perform some or all of the following duties: Conduct research into the feasibility, design, operation and performance of mechanisms, components and systems  Plan and manage projects, and prepare material, cost and timing estimates, reports and design specifications for machinery and systems  Design power plants, machines, components, tools, fixtures and equipment  Analyze dynamics and vibrations of mechanical systems and structures  Supervise and inspect the installation, modification and commissioning of mechanical systems at construction sites or in industrial facilities  Develop maintenance standards, schedules and programs and provide guidance to industrial maintenance crews  Investigate mechanical failures or unexpected maintenance problems  Prepare contract documents and evaluate tenders for industrial construction or maintenance  Supervise technicians, technologists and other engineers and review and approve designs, calculations and cost estimates
Mechanical Engineer - Canada/Australia VGu;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia, Canada;5-15 Years;1800000-3200000;Mechanical engineers perform some or all of the following duties: Conduct research into the feasibility, design, operation and performance of mechanisms, components and systems  Plan and manage projects, and prepare material, cost and timing estimates, reports and design specifications for machinery and systems  Design power plants, machines, components, tools, fixtures and equipment  Analyze dynamics and vibrations of mechanical systems and structures  Supervise and inspect the installation, modification and commissioning of mechanical systems at construction sites or in industrial facilities  Develop maintenance standards, schedules and programs and provide guidance to industrial maintenance crews  Investigate mechanical failures or unexpected maintenance problems  Prepare contract documents and evaluate tenders for industrial construction or maintenance  Supervise technicians, technologists and other engineers and review and approve designs, calculations and cost estimates
Engineer Manufacturing;EFCO Maschinenbau India Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;2-3 Years;340000-420000;Job Title    Engineer Manufacturing Qualifications BE/B Tech Mechanical Engineer Experience    2-3 Years Department    Manufacturing Reporting to CEO Special Skills : Should have experience in manufacturing high pressure test equipment. Should be well versed in Mechatronics Knowledge of hydraulics & pneumatics is a must Roles and Responsibilities : Planning and organizing production schedules Assessing project and resource requirements Estimating, negotiating, managing budgets and timelines with Clients and suppliers Overseeing the production processes Organizing repair and routine maintenance of production equipment Comply with QAP to assure on time shipping of equipment. Approve the ordering of necessary goods and services Finalize purchase of orders and deliveries Collaborate with key persons to ensure clarity of specifications and expectations of the Company Accountability  Ensure QMS is maintained and implemented effectively. Accountable for maintaining updated records   Work Location: EFCO Office, Annaram Physical Requirements : Physical and Mental Alertness Direct Reportees: Assembly Supervisor
Draftsman for Manufacturing Industry, Draftsman Auto Cad;null;Delhi, Hyderabad / Secunderabad;2-12 Years;229999-4540000;1) Develop detailed design drawings and specifications for mechanical equipment, dies/tools, and controls, using computer-assisted drafting (CAD) equipment. 2) Coordinate with and consult other workers to design, lay out, or detail components and systems and to resolve design or other problems. 3) Review and analyze specifications, sketches, drawings, ideas, and related data to assess factors affecting component designs and the procedures and instructions to be followed. 4) Compute mathematical formulas to develop and design detailed specifications for components or machinery, using computer-assisted equipment. 5) Position instructions and comments onto drawings. 6) Modify and revise designs to correct operating deficiencies or to reduce production problems. 7) Design scale or full- blueprints of specialty items, such as furniture and automobile body or chassis components. 8) Check dimensions of materials to be used and assign numbers to the materials. 9) Draw freehand sketches of designs, trace finished drawings onto designated paper for the reproduction of blueprints, and reproduce working drawings on copy machines.
Product Engineer*;Thrive Placement And Consultant;Pune;2-6 Years;Not Specified;If you interested send your update resume with below details on given Total Exp: Relevant Experience: Current CTC: Expected CTC: Notice Period: Education: Mechanical and Electrical Job Profile: Product Engineer Ex: 2 to 6yrs –Key Responsibilities:  ? Should have experience in new product design and development and understanding of the overall product design and validation cycle. ? Ability to understand technical requirements, perform basic design calculations, create design concepts / packaging layouts, apply basic knowledge of engineering principles and practices to assigned tasks in the design, analysis and release of products and subsystems through the product life cycle. ? Assist in creating design specifications considering application, cost, weight, performance, product life, manufacture, assembly and service. ? Verify design using analysis and / or functional analysis / experimental tests, interpret results, drive decisions and assess risk. ? Interface with sales, manufacturing and marketing teams to design and deliver solutions. ? Having good management and coordination skills to execute product verification and validation plan. ? Having knowledge of the process to investigate and avoid product failures. Skill Requirements:  ? Should have strong experience in new product design and development . ? Preferable to have experience of Automotive (Diesel Engines), Power generation equipment (Gensets) domain. ? Having good management skills on Product Verification and Validation. ? Having Knowledge of Product Failure mode avoidance. ? Product Development Execution, Monitoring and Control ? Good understanding of manufacturing processes such as sheet metal, forging and machining ? Having knowledge of Technical documentation. ? Should have knowledge of conducting cross-functional design reviews. ? Good understanding of Design for manufacturing and Assembly (DFMA) requirements ? Should have effective decision-making capacity. ? Creative, possess good visualization skills ? Good verbal and written communication skills ? Should have good Team Player Qualifications and Experience:  ? ME/M.Tech or BE (Mechanical / Production / Automobile / Aerospace Engineering / Tool Design / Electrical Engineering) from reputed institute / university ? Relevant Experience: 2 to 6 Years ? Strong Mechanical Engineering fundamentals ? Exposure to CAD / FEA / CFD tools and PLM will be added advantage  Location: Hadpasar Pune . Best regards  Sumitra, Thrive Placement & Consultant  Address: The Pentagon Office no 424 4th floor, Near Panchami Hotel and Lotus Court,Satara Road Parvati |Pune 411009 Contact: 9359791660/9823985385 Email: [HIDDEN TEXT] Website:www.thrivejobs.in
Draftsman for Manufacturing Industry, Draftsman Auto Cad;null;Delhi, Hyderabad / Secunderabad;2-12 Years;229999-4540000;1) Develop detailed design drawings and specifications for mechanical equipment, dies/tools, and controls, using computer-assisted drafting (CAD) equipment. 2) Coordinate with and consult other workers to design, lay out, or detail components and systems and to resolve design or other problems. 3) Review and analyze specifications, sketches, drawings, ideas, and related data to assess factors affecting component designs and the procedures and instructions to be followed. 4) Compute mathematical formulas to develop and design detailed specifications for components or machinery, using computer-assisted equipment. 5) Position instructions and comments onto drawings. 6) Modify and revise designs to correct operating deficiencies or to reduce production problems. 7) Design scale or full- blueprints of specialty items, such as furniture and automobile body or chassis components. 8) Check dimensions of materials to be used and assign numbers to the materials. 9) Draw freehand sketches of designs, trace finished drawings onto designated paper for the reproduction of blueprints, and reproduce working drawings on copy machines.
Immediate vacancies for mechanical design engineers;Diraa HR Services;Coimbatore;0-3 Years;Not Specified;Job description  - Work on Mechanical Design using Solid works. - Quality checking of completed Design projects - Providing quotation and estimated turnaround time for Design and drafting projects   Qualification: BE / DIP ( mech)
Autocad Catia  Solidwork Walk In Interview;Autosystem;Kolkata, Ranchi;0-5 Years;Not Specified;AutoCAD technicians are drafters, professionals who create technical drawings used in the construction of products and materials. Their drawing is carried out with specific CAD software. Working electronically allows drafters to more quickly prepare and edit schemata, which in turn facilitates a more efficient production process. Despite their electronic emphasis, though, computerized drafters still require knowledge of traditional pen-and-paper drafting techniques, in order to better understand the principles behind their work.Ability to handle Autodesk Plant 3D software with Revit or PDMS .Ability to work on AutoCAD 2D .Knowledge of MS Office (word, Excel etc.) .To prepare Equipment layout independently .To prepare Piping layout independently .To prepare Piping Modeling 
Autocad Catia  Solidwork Walk In Interview;null;Cochin / Kochi / Ernakulam, Panjim / Panaji;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Site measurement, Making Drawings, Execution supervision Furniture installation, and Sign off. Responsible for Production, Planning. Site supervision and installation team management. Should be able to thoroughly understand project inputs, sent by client. Should have understanding on working with layer system, Xrefs, dynamic blocks etc in Autocad. Must be able to prepare construction drawings set and working details set for any architectural project using Autocad, with international standards. Understanding of proper safety procedures and recognition of hazards. Candidate must have working experience on minimum two CAD packages. Experience in CEA and CAM package would be an added advantage. Proficiency in English and Hindi and good communication skills are mandatory. The candidate should have the ability to work independently and in team environment, have strong technical aptitude, and be able to work effectively against deadlines.
Mechanical Design Engineer;null;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;1-3 Years;Not Specified;• New product development knowledge / product design/ GD & T knowledge • Have knowledge of Standards regularly used for Designing, Drawing. • Responsible for the design development, detail drawing in 2D & 3D Modelling • Create Design concepts. (For more Information please to HR 9515120648) • Responsible to integrate various parts to create integrated Assembly Modelling along with assembly animation. • Design of Body in White (BIW). • Design of Interior (Door Trims, Headliners, Instrument Panel, Pillar Trims etc.) • Design of Exterior (Bumper, Wheel Arch liner, Spoiler and Mirrors etc) • Responsible for customized BOM generation. • Have knowledge of various material types and properties. • Have knowledge of sheet metal and Plastic • Understanding of various manufacturing processes, sheet metal fabrication, pressure die casting, forging and machining etc. • Have knowledge of Material properties and GD&T. Strengths: • Should have Positive thinking along with Positive attitude, excellent interpersonal skills. • Strong believer of systematic & team approach. • Adaptability towards new surrounding & enthusiastic towards new aspects of works. • Good inter personal relations & communication skills. • Initiative & like to be a team member for achieving targeted goals. • Self-motivated, comfortable following direction and able to meet deadlines. • Good listing & understanding the concept and willing to give it a shape for the concept. • To be an independent team member to play a roll of designer in innovative design.
Autocad Draughtsman Mechanical, Auto Cad Designer;null;Mumbai, Pune;0-5 Years;350000-650000;Job Description: Fresher Autocad Draughtsman Mechanical, Auto Cad Designer  Very Urgent Requirement If Your Profile Matches The Above Requirement And If Youre Interested In The Above Opening Kindly Email Your Resume At The Earliest As Word Doc Attachment Without Changing The Subject Line. AryanTech India Pvt Ltd 204, 2nd Flr, Pinnacle Pride, Sadashiv Peth, Above Maharashtra Electronics, Nr Durvankur Dining Hall, Tilak Road, Pune - 411 030. Visit and Register for Interview Appointment www.aryantech.org
Autocad Catia  Solidwork;null;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Mysore;0-5 Years;Not Specified;AutoCAD technicians are drafters, professionals who create technical drawings used in the construction of products and materials. Their drawing is carried out with specific CAD software. Working electronically allows drafters to more quickly prepare and edit schemata, which in turn facilitates a more efficient production process. Despite their electronic emphasis, though, computerized drafters still require knowledge of traditional pen-and-paper drafting techniques, in order to better understand the principles behind their work.
Mechanical Design Engineer;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-2 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Design Engineer Required For Reputed CNC at Crb Tech Solutions Pvt Ltd   Job Requirements  Education Graduation degree preferred Diploma in Mechanical preferred Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech)/ Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) in Mechanical preferred Experience Experience as Mechanical Engineer in Automobile or Electronics / Electrical mandatory Compulsory Freshers preferred Age 18 - 27 yrs Skills CATIA Autocad Solidworks
New Vacuncy For Mechanical Engineers;Jailaxmi Enterprises;Pune;0-4 Years;110000-440000;"We have urgent requirement for Mechanical Engineers. Job type: - on roll/full time Required Experience: - 0 to 4 years About company ;- core automobile sector If any other information contact us to 7264072330 (HR)"
Autocad Catia  Solidwork Walk In Interview;Autosystem;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Mysore;2-6 Years;Not Specified;AutoCAD technicians are drafters, professionals who create technical drawings used in the construction of products and materials. Their drawing is carried out with specific CAD software. Working electronically allows drafters to more quickly prepare and edit schemata, which in turn facilitates a more efficient production process. Despite their electronic emphasis, though, computerized drafters still require knowledge of traditional pen-and-paper drafting techniques, in order to better understand the principles behind their work.Ability to handle Autodesk Plant 3D software with Revit or PDMS .Ability to work on AutoCAD 2D .Knowledge of MS Office (word, Excel etc.) .To prepare Equipment layout independently .To prepare Piping layout independently .To prepare Piping Modeling 
Trainee Design Engineer;null;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;1-3 Years;Not Specified;Job Requirements: • New product development knowledge / product design/ GD & T knowledge • Have knowledge of Standards regularly used for Designing, Drawing. • Responsible for the design development, detail drawing in 2D & 3D Modelling • Create Design concepts.  • Responsible to integrate various parts to create integrated Assembly Modelling along with assembly animation. • Design of Body in White (BIW). • Design of Interior (Door Trims, Headliners, Instrument Panel, Pillar Trims etc.) • Design of Exterior (Bumper, Wheel Arch liner, Spoiler and Mirrors etc) • Responsible for customized BOM generation. • Have knowledge of various material types and properties. • Have knowledge of sheet metal and Plastic • Understanding of various manufacturing processes, sheet metal fabrication, pressure die casting, forging and machining etc. • Have knowledge of Material properties and GD&T. Strengths: • Should have Positive thinking along with Positive attitude, excellent interpersonal skills. • Strong believer of systematic & team approach. • Adaptability towards new surrounding & enthusiastic towards new aspects of works. • Good inter personal relations & communication skills. • Initiative & like to be a team member for achieving targeted goals. • Self-motivated, comfortable following direction and able to meet deadlines. • Good listing & understanding the concept and willing to give it a shape for the concept. • To be an independent team member to play a roll of designer in innovative design. • To be an independent team member to play a roll of designer in innovative design.
Autocad Catia  Solidwork;null;Kolkata, Ranchi;0-5 Years;Not Specified;AutoCAD technicians are drafters, professionals who create technical drawings used in the construction of products and materials. Their drawing is carried out with specific CAD software. Working electronically allows drafters to more quickly prepare and edit schemata, which in turn facilitates a more efficient production process. Despite their electronic emphasis, though, computerized drafters still require knowledge of traditional pen-and-paper drafting techniques, in order to better understand the principles behind their work.
Design, ALIAS Modeler, CAS Modeling -,Japan - (Job Id:3456);JSD Search House Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Japan;2-8 Years;300000-700000;We have positions for Industrial Designers, ALIAS and CAS Modelers who will conceptualize, sketch, Design and move forward from clay Model to Digitalization in area of Automobile exteriors and interiors. You will work from the client location in Japan for 1 year or more and then India, Bangalore, Hyderabad . Moving forward from designing clay Model to Digitalization To Produce accurate model for Model approval and engineering feasibility study To utilize Vectron scanning and Portable Milling Machine To produce  Class A quality surface (Styling Drawing) for engineering feasibility study, production drawing and tooling Utilize Catia V5 Software and Alias Required Skills (One or more)  Sketching, Photoshop, Design Clay Model Technique Scanning and Digitizing Model Finishing CATIA / ALIAS Surface Class A 3D Digitalization Subject/Job Id : Design, ALIAS Modeler, CAS Modeling - Bangalore,Hyderabad,Japan - (Job Id:3456
Project Chief – Wiring Harness;V 2 Soft Private Limited;Pune;7-10 Years;800000-1400000;Greetings from V2soft!!! V2Soft is a global leader in Information Technology Services and Business Solutions with world headquarters in Michigan, USA. Established in March 1998, V2Soft provides cost effective, high performance technology solutions to clients worldwide in various domains. V2Soft believes in partnering with their customers to solve their business problems using technology. Client’s Description: Top MNC - Product based client TITLE: Project Chief – Wiring Harness Location: Pune, India Job description – MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES: ? Exposure to manufacturing Process will be additional advantage Specific Skill Requirement ? Automotive Core Electrical Components Domain Knowledge: ? Experience with EE architecture, vehicle electrical systems and communications. ? Wiring Harness Product validation & performance evaluation ? Experience with the use of automotive quality engineering practices and tools If you are interested in the above-mentioned specification, request you to share the below asked information and forward the same to [HIDDEN TEXT] Total Work Experience [Years]: Relevant Experience [ Mention in detail]: Experience in Passenger Car Segment: Experience in EE Architecture: Experience in Vehicle Electrical System: Experience in Wiring Harness: Current CTC: Expected CTC: Notice Period: Qualification: D.O.B: PAN Card No.: Current Location: Native Location: Current Company: Current Designation: Holding any offer currently [Yes/No]: Applied for the same positions before [if Yes when?]: Reason for Job Change: Interested in relocation to Pune [ Yes / No]: If you are not interested, request you to forward this mail to any your friends, colleagues, ex colleagues, peers, ex peers... Awaiting your reply…
Dimenstional Engineer;V 2 Soft Private Limited;Chennai;2-6 Years;Not Specified;Job Description: Responsibilities :  Edu Qualification: B.E / M.E (Mechanical) / Automobile Engineering Exp : 2- 6 years · Proficient knowledge of GD&T and ASME 1994 / 2009 standard. · Knowledge on Conduct RSS tolerance stack-up studies · Automotive / PT Knolwedge · UG NX · Proficient Knowledge of Dimensional management for Vehicle parts / Components · Technical report writing and report delivery to product development engineer. · DVA modeling techniques using VIS VSA. .Demonstrate Knowledge of dimensional control, manufacturing process engineering. .Demonstrate knolwedge of gauge and inspection techniques. · Dimensional management hand calculation techniques. • Language Requirements: :  English • Travel Requirements: :  NA • Primary Skills :  2D Stack up analysis, 3D stack up analysis, 2D Drawing, ASME Y14.5, BIW KNOWELDGE • Education :  BE • Branches :  Any • Experience :  2.00 To 6.00 Years • Job Location : Chennai • Employment Type: Contract
Autocad Catia  Solidwork Walk In Interview;Autosystem;Ahmedabad, Gandhinagar;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Prepare projects layouts, fabrication drawing, BOQ, sheet development, demarcating plants & machineries, design structural & piping in the project scheme. Divide the whole design in number of subparts and prepare detailed engineering for subparts independently. Consult project team during the design phase and using their feedback for modification of the drawing. Review and analyze specifications, sketches, drawings, ideas and related data to assess factors affecting components Should be able to thoroughly understand project inputs, sent by client. Should have understanding on working with layer system, Xrefs, dynamic blocks etc in Autocad. Must be able to prepare construction drawings set.Designing using AutoCAD. Drafting quotations in Ms Excel 
Autocad Catia  Solidwork Walk In Interview;null;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Mysore;2-7 Years;Not Specified;Prepare product design specifications and create design sketches and drawings. Plan and execute product designs within allotted budget and timelines. Analyse and troubleshoot product issues and constraints in a timely manner. Recommend new tools and technologies to complete design projects. Maintain a design library for reference purposes. Negotiate and confirm product designs with customers. Share new design ideas and methodologies with management. Assist in product development and implementation activities. Analyse potential risks and develop effective mitigation plans. Evaluate product designs and recommend improvements. Stay abreast with design trends and techniques. Follow design standards and adhere to company policies. Use CAD software to develop product models and assembly. 
MACHINE DESIGNING ENGINEER required for thane location;Lenire Consulting Group;Thane;2-6 Years;200000-300000;We have Urgent job opening for the post of  MACHINE DESIGNING ENGINEER   for machine maufacturing comany in Thane. Location-Thane West .Manpada Salary- Upto 25 KPM JOB DESCRIPTION-  Minimum 2 years experiance in Machine designing.   Responsible for providing product drawing to production department after converting it from customer drawing for better understanding Responsible for designing machine deigning. Streamlined design changes with manufacturing and various other personnel as needed Update product drawings as per changes occurred in product manufacturing Liaised with Senior Design Engineer in creation of proposal as per requirement Ensured technical and design support at all stages of the manufacturing process Extended design support at all stages of the design process Knowledge and expertise in, - SPM design - Fixtures - Pneumatics - Machine - Drafting - Solid Edge - Solid Works I matching he abeve profile,kindly send your CV ASAP ON [HIDDEN TEXT]  Rgrds
Mechanical Engineer -Quality Control;Vishal Agarwal (Proprietor of E-Friend Solutions India);Indore;0-2 Years;100000-200000;Designation : Graduate Engineering Trainee (Mechanical) Nature of job : Automotive parts Quality Inspection, Documentation, Quality Assurance, AutoCAD 2D Work location : Indore  Salary : As per Industrial Norms Joining immediate Interested candidate visit our office with all original certificates Feel free to call us for any clarification 9300501808  Role Fresher Industry Type Automobile / Auto Ancillary / Auto Components Functional Area Production, Manufacturing, Maintenance Employment Type Full Time, Permanent Role Category Other Education UG :Diploma in Mechanical, B.Tech/B.E. in Any Specialization, B.Tech/B.E. in Automobile, B.Tech/B.E. in Mechanical PG :Post Graduation Not Required Doctorate :Doctorate Not Required, Any Doctorate in Any Specialization Preferred :Autocad 2D/ 3D
Urgent Job opening for Interior/Exterior Trim Design Engineer for Chennai;Job Kart;Chennai;5-9 Years;Not Specified;Essential: · Hands on experience on Exterior trim part development, plastics material selection process. · Strong back ground on Exterior part homologation requirement · Strong Knowledge in design and development of Fascia and Cladding System · Plastics processing knowledge, Tooling back ground is essential. · Strong back ground on Automobile Product life cycle management, and Manufacturing knowledge. · Good Knowledge in Change Management, Change Notice and CCD · Issue resolution and cost management knowledge · Knowledge on Testing and validation plan · Work Experience in Team center / UG NX · Experience in DFMEA, DVP&R · Excellent communication and Team player Desirable: · Innovative Problem solving skills · VA/VE ideas · Functional Objective (FO) evaluation · Clash and Clearance analysis · Science team interface · Risk assessment
Design Engineer;null;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Delhi;0-5 Years;350000-650000;Job Description: Fresher Design Engineer, Design Engineer Mechanical, Electrical  Very Urgent Requirement If Your Profile Matches The Above Requirement And If Youre Interested In The Above Opening Kindly Email Your Resume At The Earliest As Word Doc Attachment Without Changing The Subject Line. AryanTech India Pvt Ltd 204, 2nd Flr, Pinnacle Pride, Sadashiv Peth, Above Maharashtra Electronics, Nr Durvankur Dining Hall, Tilak Road, Pune - 411 030. Visit and Register for Interview Appointment www.aryantech.org
Electrical Designer;Career Axes Engineering Services;Chennai, Pune;3-8 Years;Not Specified;Preparation of Lighting Layouts Preparation of Cable Tray Layouts Preparation of Grounding Layouts • *Responsibilities and Duties** Design and Review of Electrical and Instrument Cable tray Layouts 3D Modeling of Cable Trays, Equipments, Lighting fixtures and supports using SP3D and PDMS
Tool Design Engineer (For Ludhiana);VS Placements;Ludhiana;4-6 Years;Not Specified;• Responsible for all Design Related Activities: Designing of Tools/ Dies, Jigs, Fixtures, Receiving Gauges etc. • Responsible for all type of 3D Modeling, Surface Modeling, Sheet metal, Core Cavity Using Software Solid Works. • Responsible for Handling of RFQ: Costing of all Components. • Responsible for Process Improvements in Production Shop by eliminating non value adding activities from process. • Making work standards, SOPs and Standard Worksheet, Process Checklist& Machine Checklist. • Responsible for All product development Activities & Documentation (APQP, PPAP Etc). • Responsible for all type of Vendor Development Activities & Vendor Audits. • Responsible for Manufacturing & Trial of Tooling/Fixtures/Gauges. • Conducting offline & online production trails for Production problems (like solving functional problem) • Handling Quality/ Engineering/ Tool Room Team. • Implementing safety precautions, 5S, Kaizen, 3C in assemblyto enhance operational effectiveness of utilities. • Performing Failure Mode Effects Analysis (FMEA) for Internal/ Customer Complaints. • Handling Customer Complaints: Submit CAPA, A3 & G8D Reports. • Responsible for Handling Customer Audits (Process/ Quality
Autocad Catia  Solidwork Walk In Interview;Autosystem;Kolkata, Ranchi;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Prepare projects layouts, fabrication drawing, BOQ, sheet development, demarcating plants & machineries, design structural & piping in the project scheme. Divide the whole design in number of subparts and prepare detailed engineering for subparts independently. Consult project team during the design phase and using their feedback for modification of the drawing. Review and analyze specifications, sketches, drawings, ideas and related data to assess factors affecting components Should be able to thoroughly understand project inputs, sent by client. Should have understanding on working with layer system, Xrefs, dynamic blocks etc in Autocad. Must be able to prepare construction drawings set.Designing using AutoCAD. Drafting quotations in Ms Excel 
Design Engineer (Mechanical);Vishal Agarwal (Proprietor of E-Friend Solutions India);Indore;0-2 Years;100000-240000;Job description Location: Indore Job description : - Should be able to work for developing concepts using advanced techniques - Should have good knowledge of manufacturing processes - Experience in Design Calculations, Material analyses, Machining knowledge. - Candidate should take up complete responsibility for design to manufacturing. - To coordinate with machine assembler during assembly of machines - Good communications and Presentations skills preferred - Should have good knowledge and Familiar with GD & T, machining & welding symbols. - The candidate must have knowledge in Solidworks - The candidate must have a fair knowledge in working with AUTO CAD Qualification : B.E/Diploma - Mechanical Experience : 0 To 2 year
Automotive Trainee Design Engineer;null;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;1-2 Years;Not Specified;• New product development knowledge / product design/ GD & T knowledge • Have knowledge of Standards regularly used for Designing, Drawing. • Responsible for the design development, detail drawing in 2D & 3D Modelling • Create Design concepts. (For more Information please call to HR -9515120648) • Responsible to integrate various parts to create integrated Assembly Modelling along with assembly animation. • Design of Body in White (BIW). • Design of Interior (Door Trims, Headliners, Instrument Panel, Pillar Trims etc.) • Design of Exterior (Bumper, Wheel Arch liner, Spoiler and Mirrors etc) • Responsible for customized BOM generation. • Have knowledge of various material types and properties. • Have knowledge of sheet metal and Plastic • Understanding of various manufacturing processes, sheet metal fabrication, pressure die casting, forging and machining etc. • Have knowledge of Material properties and GD&T. Strengths: • Should have Positive thinking along with Positive attitude, excellent interpersonal skills. • Strong believer of systematic & team approach. • Adaptability towards new surrounding & enthusiastic towards new aspects of works. • Good inter personal relations & communication skills. • Initiative & like to be a team member for achieving targeted goals. • Self-motivated, comfortable following direction and able to meet deadlines. • Good listing & understanding the concept and willing to give it a shape for the concept. • To be an independent team member to play a roll of designer in innovative design. Immediately walk-in to our office or call to HR 9515120648
Design Engineer - CATIA;Harita Techserv Limited;Faridabad;3-4 Years;Not Specified;Job Description: Should have 3 TO 4 Years of CAD experience (CATIA V5-R20). Preparation & Checking of drawings in view of Manufacturing, Geometric Dimensioning & Tolerancing (GD &T)Should have experience in Sheet Metal Design, Structure Design, Basics of Structure analysis Experience in General Assembly/Part Drawings for DMU Packaging, Design & packaging feasibility with surrounding components Concept Design and Packaging of Automotive components & System with aggregate Packaging Design Finalization & Creating final assemblies – Vehicle Integration Should be liaison with suppliers for technical & overall requirements. Good interface with Cross-functional teams, vendors, etc. for the development of concepts.
Trainee Design Engineer in Automotive/Aero/Home Appliance Engineering Design Industry;E-Mug Engineering Services Private Limited;Chennai, Hyderabad / Secunderabad;0-3 Years;Not Specified;We are looking for Trainee Design Engineer in Automotive/Aero/Home Appliance Engineering Design Industry Note: Admission only after qualifying the selection process - Engineering Tests & F2F interview and CAD TestAnd Terms and Conditions Applicable Job Narrative: ? Good Knowledge on Engineering Drawing ? New product development knowledge / product design ? Have knowledge of Standards regularly used for Design ? Responsible for the design development, detail drawing in 2D & 3D Modelling• ? Able to create Design concepts ? Responsible to integrate various parts to create integrated Assembly Modelling along with assembly animation. ? Good knowledge of Design of Body in White (Under Body, Upper Body, Closures and Body Panels etc.). ? Design of Interior (Door Trims, Headliners, Instrument Panel, Pillar Trims etc.) ? Design of Exterior (Bumper, Wheel Arch liner, Spoiler and Mirrors etc) ? Deign of BIW Fixtures Design ? Have knowledge of various types’ material and properties. ? Have knowledge of sheet metal and Plastic ?  Understanding of various manufacturing processes, sheet metal fabrication, Injection moulding, pressure die       casting, forging and machining etc. ?  Good knowledge of Material properties and GD&T. ? Should have Positive thinking along with Positive attitude, excellent interpersonal skills. ? Strong believer of systematic & team approach. ? Adaptability towards new surrounding & enthusiastic towards new aspects of works. ? Good inter-personal relations & communication skills. ? Initiative & like to be a team member for achieving targeted goals. ? Direct Walk-in into the Our Office ? Emug engineering services, ameerpet, Opp: Big bazar, Vamshee estates, 2nd floor, Ameerpet. Hyderabad ? For More Information Contact HR : 8185993300 /040-66836983 After successful completion of the program and clearing the tests, candidates will be given offer Letter in emug engineering services and placed at our client location and Our Project division. Terms and Conditions Applicable for Training Period Education UG: B.Tech/B.E. in Mechanical, Production. Aero, CITD.NTTF, Diploma in Mechanical PG: M.Tech in Mechanical/Production/Design/CAD/CAM
Mechanical Design Engineer in Automotive/Aero/Home Appliance Engineering Design;E-Mug Engineering Services Private Limited;Chennai, Hyderabad / Secunderabad;0-3 Years;Not Specified;Training cum Job Opportunity in Automotive/Aero/Home Appliance/Oil and Gas Engineering Design Industries JOB GUARANTEE PROGRAM Our Program is based on Industry Required Domain Oriented with Live Projects and Design Standards of TOP OEMs and Best Modeling Methods Domains: Product Design –Body in White (BIW-Under Body/Upper Body/Body Panels/Closures) Product Design –Interior Design of Door Trims, Pillar Trims, Headliners and Instrument Panel Product Design –Exterior Design of Front Bumper/Rear Bumper, Wheel Arch liner, Spoiler Front Grill Product Design –Seating Design of Seating Structural components, plastic components Product Design –BIW Welding Fixture Product Design –Geometric Dimension and Tolerances, Dimensional Management Product Design -Considering Design process and Approach, Design consideration and Design Standards, Manufacturing process and Materials, DFA, DFM Note: Terms and Conditions Apply for Training Program ? Direct Walk-in into the Our Office ? Emug engineering services, ameerpet, Opp: Big bazar, Vamshee estates, 2nd floor, Ameerpet. Hyderabad ? for More Information Contact HR: 8185993300 /040-66836983 after successful completion of the program and clearing the tests, students will be given offer Letter in emug engineering services and placed at our client location and Our Project division. Terms and Conditions Applicable for Training Period Education UG: B.Tech/B.E. in Mechanical, Production. Aero, CITD.NTTF, Diploma in Mechanical PG: M.Tech in Mechanical/Production/Design/CAD/CAM
Autocad Catia  Solidwork Walk In Interview;null;Cochin / Kochi / Ernakulam, Panjim / Panaji;0-5 Years;Not Specified;AutoCAD technicians are drafters, professionals who create technical drawings used in the construction of products and materials. Their drawing is carried out with specific CAD software. Working electronically allows drafters to more quickly prepare and edit schemata, which in turn facilitates a more efficient production process. Despite their electronic emphasis, though, computerized drafters still require knowledge of traditional pen-and-paper drafting techniques, in order to better understand the principles behind their work. 
Autocad Catia  Solidwork Walk In Interview;null;Ahmedabad, Gandhinagar;0-5 Years;Not Specified;AutoCAD technicians are drafters, professionals who create technical drawings used in the construction of products and materials. Their drawing is carried out with specific CAD software. Working electronically allows drafters to more quickly prepare and edit schemata, which in turn facilitates a more efficient production process. Despite their electronic emphasis, though, computerized drafters still require knowledge of traditional pen-and-paper drafting techniques, in order to better understand the principles behind their work. 
Required Design Engineers.;Jailaxmi Enterprises;Pune;0-2 Years;110000-330000;"Job summary;- We have urgent requirement for Design Engineers. Job type: - on roll/full time Required Experience: - 0 to 2 years About company ;- core automobile sector If any other information contact us to 7264072330 (HR)"
Autocad Catia  Solidwork Walk In Interview;null;Lucknow, Patna;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Site measurement, Making Drawings, Execution supervision Furniture installation, and Sign off. Responsible for Production, Planning. Site supervision and installation team management. Should be able to thoroughly understand project inputs, sent by client. Should have understanding on working with layer system, Xrefs, dynamic blocks etc in Autocad. Must be able to prepare construction drawings set and working details set for any architectural project using Autocad, with international standards. Understanding of proper safety procedures and recognition of hazards. Accomplishing project by defining the scope and resources required. Allocating resources, materials, sub-contractors and other staff. Ability to work with designers/ management/ onsite workers for successful comple 
Mechanical Design Engineer;null;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;1-3 Years;Not Specified;• New product development knowledge / product design/ GD & T knowledge • Have knowledge of Standards regularly used for Designing, Drawing. • Responsible for the design development, detail drawing in 2D & 3D Modelling • Create Design concepts. (For more Information please to HR 9515120648) • Responsible to integrate various parts to create integrated Assembly Modelling along with assembly animation. • Design of Body in White (BIW). • Design of Interior (Door Trims, Headliners, Instrument Panel, Pillar Trims etc.) • Design of Exterior (Bumper, Wheel Arch liner, Spoiler and Mirrors etc) • Responsible for customized BOM generation. • Have knowledge of various material types and properties. • Have knowledge of sheet metal and Plastic • Understanding of various manufacturing processes, sheet metal fabrication, pressure die casting, forging and machining etc. • Have knowledge of Material properties and GD&T. Strengths: • Should have Positive thinking along with Positive attitude, excellent interpersonal skills. • Strong believer of systematic & team approach. • Adaptability towards new surrounding & enthusiastic towards new aspects of works. • Good inter personal relations & communication skills. • Initiative & like to be a team member for achieving targeted goals. • Self-motivated, comfortable following direction and able to meet deadlines. • Good listing & understanding the concept and willing to give it a shape for the concept. • To be an independent team member to play a roll of designer in innovative design. Immediately walk-in to our office or call to HR 9515120648
Required For Design Engineers;Jailaxmi Enterprises;Pune;0-2 Years;110000-220000;"We have urgent requirement for Design Engineers Job Type: - on roll/full time Required Experience: - 0 to 2 years About company ;- core automobile sector If any other information contact us to 8956665447 (HR)"
Training cum Job Opportunity in Automotive/Aero/Home Appliance Engineering Design Industry;E-Mug Engineering Services Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;0-3 Years;Not Specified;We are looking for Trainee Design Engineer in Automotive/Aero/Home Appliance Engineering Design Industry Note: Admission only after qualifying the selection process - Engineering Tests & F2F interview and CAD Test Selected candidates will be taken into Job Guarantee Program Our Program is based on Industry Required Domain (BIW, INTERIOR, EXTERIOR, SEATING & GD&T) Oriented with Live Projects and Design Standards of TOP OEMs and Best Modeling Methods Direct Walk-in into the Our Office EMUGTECH For More Information Contact HR: 8185993300 /040-66836983 after successful completion of the program and clearing the tests, candidates  will be given offer Letter in emug engineering services and placed at our client location and Our Project division. Terms and Conditions Applicable for Training Period
Trainee Design Engineer;null;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;1-3 Years;Not Specified;Design Engineer We required Mechanical Design Engineers (0-3 years) of experience on Design of-Interior- BIW-Exterior-Composites, Plastics and Sheet Metal etc for our clients located at Pune, Noida, Chennai, Bangalore, and Hyderabad. We conduct the interviews / preliminary screening based on the job requirement given by our clients and qualified candidates will be sent to the client’s location for the final interviews based on the client’s approval on the profile, For More Info, please call Meena: 9515120648 Desired Candidate Profile Concept Development Styling feasibility Master section feasibility Packaging feasibility Design for Assembly Design For Manufacturing Understand customer requirements, clarify inputs and perform the tasks accordingly Maintain CAD Methods For More Info, please call Meena: 9515120648 Contact -HR -Meena-----+91-9515120648
We have requirment for Desin engineer in pune.;Vimal Group Facilities Management;Pune;3-4 Years;Not Specified;Job Description   1) Post- Design Engineer   2)Education- DME/BE Mechanical   3)Experience- 03 to 04 year   5) Salary-25k to 30k   6) Knowledge- 3D Modling Autocad Pressure dia-casting       Job Details.  1) Post- Design Engineer 2)Education- DME/BE Mechanical 3)Experience- 03 to 04 year 5) Salary-25k to 30k 6) Knowledge- 3D Modling Autocad Pressure dia-casting             Thanks & regards       SHOBHA MAM 9503204702        NAINA MAM 7758983822
Engineering Manager, Metal forming Manufacturing Co,Navi Mumbai;Vishvas Gopal Navare ( Proprietor of Vishvas Management Consultants );Navi Mumbai;9-15 Years;Not Specified;1.Hard Core Engineering job in Metal forming/ shaping in high volumes. 2.Validate product design (testing )& Performance methodically. 3.Tool room control with demonstrated knowledge of tooling activity. 4.Use correct methods of Production testing 5.Impart internal training in latest Engineering progress6. Based at Navi Mumbai & frequently visit other plants in Central Railway suburb7. QC only to the extent of  Improve Product Design & Process Design.8. Overall passion for Engineering practices & Development.9. Advising Management on possible gradation & improvement in each area & implementing agreed plans.10.Process Control/Machinery & Equipments specifications & selection.11. Person from each section -Drawing office, Product design, Tool room,Performance testing, Process Control, Machines & Equipments  will report to him.12. Some administrative experience is welcome but mainly hard core passionate Engineer only may apply.Thanks & Best wishesFor any queries please call us on 9702646385( Kavita) /7208027184( Vishvas)Send your updated Cv in word format to us on [HIDDEN TEXT].
DESIGN ENGINEER -(SOLIDWORKS (PIPING));Universal Solutions;Pune;2-4 Years;Not Specified;Designation: Piping Engineer Experience: 2 - 06 Years Position: 02 Location: Pune Education: Degree / Diploma Software: Solidworks experience in Piping Design activities such as:- preparation of plot plans equipment layouts piping layouts piping general arrangement Extraction & preparation of isometrics piping datasheets and specs pipe supports, etc. piping modeling as per P&ID on solidworks  Regards, Human Resources
New Vacuncy For Designe Engineers;Jailaxmi Enterprises;Mumbai, Pune;0-2 Years;110000-220000;"We have urgent requirement for Design Engineers. Job type: - on roll/full time Required Experience: - 0 to 2 years About company ;- core automobile sector If any other information contact us to 8956665447 (HR)"
Autocad Catia  Solidwork Walk In Interview;null;Bhopal, Nagpur;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Prepare product design specifications and create design sketches and drawings. Plan and execute product designs within allotted budget and timelines. Analyse and troubleshoot product issues and constraints in a timely manner. Recommend new tools and technologies to complete design projects. Maintain a design library for reference purposes. Negotiate and confirm product designs with customers. Share new design ideas and methodologies with management. Assist in product development and implementation activities. Analyse potential risks and develop effective mitigation plans. Evaluate product designs and recommend improvements. Stay abreast with design trends and techniques. Follow design standards and adhere to company policies. Use CAD software to develop product models and assembly. 
Autocad Catia  Solidwork  - Walk In Interview;null;Cochin / Kochi / Ernakulam, Panjim / Panaji;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Prepare product design specifications and create design sketches and drawings. Plan and execute product designs within allotted budget and timelines. Analyse and troubleshoot product issues and constraints in a timely manner. Recommend new tools and technologies to complete design projects. Maintain a design library for reference purposes. Negotiate and confirm product designs with customers. Share new design ideas and methodologies with management. Assist in product development and implementation activities. Analyse potential risks and develop effective mitigation plans. Evaluate product designs and recommend improvements. Stay abreast with design trends and techniques. Follow design standards and adhere to company policies. Use CAD software to develop product models and assembly. 
Opening for VLSI Physical Design Engineer;Team Ware Solutions;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;4-6 Years;Not Specified;Role : VLSI Physical Design Engineer Experience : 4 - 6 Years Location : Hyderabad Design Engineer: The‘VLSI Design Engineer’ is responsible for designing the functions of modules of the system-on-chip (SOC) as per input and output specifications given. Brief Job Description: The individual at work designs SOC-module function using software and design tools and as per specifications. The individual is also responsible coordinating with other design teams involved in the SOC design.
Autocad Catia  Solidwork Walk In Interview;Autosystem;Bhopal, Nagpur;0-5 Years;Not Specified;AutoCAD technicians are drafters, professionals who create technical drawings used in the construction of products and materials. Their drawing is carried out with specific CAD software. Working electronically allows drafters to more quickly prepare and edit schemata, which in turn facilitates a more efficient production process. Despite their electronic emphasis, though, computerized drafters still require knowledge of traditional pen-and-paper drafting techniques, in order to better understand the principles behind their work.Ability to handle Autodesk Plant 3D software with Revit or PDMS .Ability to work on AutoCAD 2D .Knowledge of MS Office (word, Excel etc.) .To prepare Equipment layout independently .To prepare Piping layout independently .To prepare Piping Modeling
Design Engineer;Reliable Placement;Baddi;2-5 Years;210000-320000;? Understand Customer Drawings along with process flow, process drawings, control plan.Analyzing existing production & improve the design & Process to facilitate greater production output.check the Feasibility of New Development as per market demand requirement, within the budgeted parameters.Monitoring & Maintaining day-by-day Drawings & any other document issued from Engg. Department.Maintaining and controlling of Marketing Enquiry Register for feasibility status of market requirement.Knowledge of 2D & 3D AutoCAD & Solid Work. Gear line experience will be preferred.
New Vacuncy For Designe Engineers;Jailaxmi Enterprises;Pune, Nashik;0-1 Years;110000-220000;"We have urgent requirement for Design Engineers. Job type: - on roll/full time Required Experience: - 0 to 1 years About company ;- core automobile sector If any other information contact us to 8956665447 (HR)"
Training cum Job Opportunity in Automotive/Aero/Home Appliance Engineering Design Industry;E-Mug Engineering Services Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;0-3 Years;Not Specified;We are looking for Trainee Design Engineer in Automotive/Aero/Home Appliance Engineering Design Industry Note: Admission only after qualifying the selection process - Engineering Tests & F2F interview and CAD Test Selected candidates will be taken into Job Guarantee Program Our Program is based on Industry Required Domain (BIW, INTERIOR, EXTERIOR, SEATING & GD&T) Oriented with Live Projects and Design Standards of TOP OEMs and Best Modeling Methods Direct Walk-in into the Our Office EMUGTECH For More Information Contact HR: 8185993300 /040-66836983 after successful completion of the program and clearing the tests, candidates  will be given offer Letter in emug engineering services and placed at our client location and Our Project division. Terms and Conditions Applicable for Training Period
Job Opening for Catia Professionals;Andnr Soft Solutions Private Limited;Chennai;3-6 Years;Not Specified;Dear Candidates Job Opening for Catia Professionals Exp – 3 to 6 years Work Location – Chennai Domain – wheels and tyres Tool – Catia(Must) Salary - NegotiableCandidates should have good communication Skill and good software knowledge in catia.
Looking for Mechanical Engineers with CAD experience;Novateur IT Technologies India Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;3-5 Years;Not Specified;Description: Qualification: B.E/M.Tech in Mechanical Experience: 3 to 5 Years Skills:  ? Strong in Machine Design / R&D Design experience ? Capable to own the project delivery completely (from concept to release) ? Good Knowledge on Material Selection, Machining and Fabrication process and post processing operations. ? Thorough knowledge in calculations to define structures/loads, choose the right OEM?s and its accessories in the market. Example ? Linear Guides, Motors, gearbox, bearings, etc. ? Pro efficient in Sheet metal design ? Good knowledge on using sheet metal applications wherever necessary. ? Pro efficient in creating manufacturing drawings, defining tolerances with GD&T ? Pro efficient in UG NX is a must & Pro efficient in Pro/E ? Knowledge in Structural Analysis ? Awareness on Manufacturing techniques ? Good Presentation and Negotiation Skills ? Semiconductor Industry background is added advantage
Autocad Catia  Solidwork - Walk In Interview;null;Mumbai, Pune;0-5 Years;Not Specified;AutoCAD technicians are drafters, professionals who create technical drawings used in the construction of products and materials. Their drawing is carried out with specific CAD software. Working electronically allows drafters to more quickly prepare and edit schemata, which in turn facilitates a more efficient production process. Despite their electronic emphasis, though, computerized drafters still require knowledge of traditional pen-and-paper drafting techniques, in order to better understand the principles behind their work. 
Autocad Catia  Solidwork Walk In Interview;null;Delhi, Noida;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Prepare product design specifications and create design sketches and drawings. Plan and execute product designs within allotted budget and timelines. Analyse and troubleshoot product issues and constraints in a timely manner. Recommend new tools and technologies to complete design projects. Maintain a design library for reference purposes. Negotiate and confirm product designs with customers. Share new design ideas and methodologies with management. Assist in product development and implementation activities. Analyse potential risks and develop effective mitigation plans. Evaluate product designs and recommend improvements. Stay abreast with design trends and techniques. Follow design standards and adhere to company policies. Use CAD software to develop product models and assembly.
Design Engineer -Automotive Component Design;null;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;0-3 Years;Not Specified;We required Mechanical Design Engineers (0-3 years) of experience on Design of-Interior- BIW-Exterior-Composites, Plastics and Sheet Metal comments etc. for our clients located at Pune, Noida, Chennai, Bangalore, and Hyderabad. We conduct the interviews / preliminary screening based on the job requirement given by our clients and qualified candidates will be sent to the client’s location for the final interviews based on the client’s approval on the profile, For More Info, please call Meena: 9515120648 Desired Candidate Profile Concept Development Styling feasibility Master section feasibility Packaging feasibility Design for Assembly Design For Manufacturing Understand customer requirements, clarify inputs and perform the tasks accordingly Maintain CAD Methods For More Info, please call Meena: 9515120648 Contact -HR -Meena-----+91-9515120648
Trainee Design Engineer;null;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;0-3 Years;Not Specified;Design Engineer We required Mechanical Design Engineers (0-3 years) of experience on Design of-Interior- BIW-Exterior-Composites, Plastics and Sheet Metal etc for our clients located at Pune, Noida, Chennai, Bangalore, and Hyderabad. We conduct the interviews / preliminary screening based on the job requirement given by our clients and qualified candidates will be sent to the client’s location for the final interviews based on the client’s approval on the profile, For More Info, please call Meena: 9515120648 Desired Candidate Profile Concept Development Styling feasibility Master section feasibility Packaging feasibility Design for Assembly Design For Manufacturing Understand customer requirements, clarify inputs and perform the tasks accordingly Maintain CAD Methods For More Info, please call Meena: 9515120648 Contact -HR -Meena-----+91-9515120648
Autocad Catia  Solidwork Walk In Interview;null;Kolkata, Ranchi;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Prepare product design specifications and create design sketches and drawings. Plan and execute product designs within allotted budget and timelines. Analyse and troubleshoot product issues and constraints in a timely manner. Recommend new tools and technologies to complete design projects. Maintain a design library for reference purposes. Negotiate and confirm product designs with customers. Share new design ideas and methodologies with management. Assist in product development and implementation activities. Analyse potential risks and develop effective mitigation plans. Evaluate product designs and recommend improvements. Stay abreast with design trends and techniques. Follow design standards and adhere to company policies. Use CAD software to develop product models and assembly.
Draughtsman / Design Engineer;BP Services;Sonipat / Sonepat;4-6 Years;240000-400000;post:- Draught Man (Solid work ) location:- Sonipat Experience min.- 4 years Min Qualification :- Diploma Degree/Mechanical Engineer Should have good knowledge of Machine manufacturing division. Salary 25000/- to 28000/- ctc salary Designer should have at least diploma in mechanical engineering and at least 4 years’ experience of fabrication and sheet metal industries. 2. Designer should have depth knowledge of Auto CAD and Solid works design software. Job responsibilities in Auto CAD- Ability to prepare layout plan, Sheet metal nesting drawing. Job responsibilities in Solid Works- Depth knowledge of sheet metal, weldments, Assembly modelling, solid part modelling, dimensioning in part and assembly drawing, print out setting, good sketch making tricks. 3. Designer should have knowledge of manufacturing process and measuring instruments. 4. Designer should have ability to think valuable and useful ideas for the thing to achieve the given object. 5. Designer should have team working, problem solving skills. 6. Designer should have verbal and written communication skills. 7. Design should have knowledge of weight calculation, mensuration formulas and basics mathematical calculations. 8. Designer should have knowledge to make BOM as per drawing as well as awareness of structure steel (Angle, channel, girder, flat plates etc.). 9. Designer should be ability to work under pressure and having a skills to handle project individually if interested pls mail me your cv:- [HIDDEN TEXT]contact detail:- Balaji placement servicegita bhawan chowk Sachdeva button wali gali sonepat9729188166
Design Engineer for Plastic - Pune;Quess Corp Limited;Pune;4-12 Years;Not Specified;CAD skills : the candidate should be very good at CATIA V5/UGNX and is able to build part in PO CAD methodology. He will be tested in CAD/ugnx test. The candidate must also know the plastics product fundamentals of design like injection tooling feasibility, demolding directions, draft angles etc. He must be good in basic part design principles like part location, tolerances, (stack up calculation is added advantage). Knowledge / Qualification : Batchelor / Diploma engineering ( CPET / NTTF with Good experience is also OK ). Mission : Ensure on time delivery for a given part model meeting all requirements in terms of CAD methodology, Part design principle, PO Guidelines, Tooling feasibility etc. Main deliverables : CAD part models delivery with quality parameters Isostratism file , stack up file. Style analysis ppt. Participate in design reviews and changes accordingly. 3D CAD Model , 2D drawings file
Mechanical engineer, production, Design Engineer, Quality checking/ HVAC;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-2 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical engineer, production, Design Engineer, Quality checking/ HVAC Fresher 8425014502Salary Offered:-12000 to 20000 Per month Qualification:- Diploma pass & Be & B.tech Pass meet/call hr- tejal-8425014502location- vashi /thane/ Dadar / Andheri/Ghtkoper/ BorivaliAge:-18 – 35 Gender:- & Male preferred Interview Time 11:00 am - 4:00pm | Monday to Saturday Shift Time :-10:30 am - 6:30 pm (day shift) Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly of :-Sunday Only Mumbai candidate can apply for this job   Responsibilities and Duties Good in communication Sound presentation skills Quick learner Confident, energetic and has the appetite to work in a start-up and grow faster Qualifications and Skills Diploma in Mechanical and Automobile Engineering.
Autocad Catia  Solidwork Walk In Interview;null;Jaipur, Surat;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Prepare product design specifications and create design sketches and drawings. Plan and execute product designs within allotted budget and timelines. Analyse and troubleshoot product issues and constraints in a timely manner. Recommend new tools and technologies to complete design projects. Maintain a design library for reference purposes. Negotiate and confirm product designs with customers. Share new design ideas and methodologies with management. Assist in product development and implementation activities. Analyse potential risks and develop effective mitigation plans. Evaluate product designs and recommend improvements. Stay abreast with design trends and techniques. Follow design standards and adhere to company policies. Use CAD software to develop product models and assembly.
IOT / Embedded Design Engineer;Amrutha Business Solutions;Chennai;3-8 Years;Not Specified;Skills & Experience • Experience leading architecture, design and implementation across the full IoT stack of field device integration, communication, platform configuration, data ingestion & processing, data storage & retrieval, visualization and enterprise integration. • Delivered at least one end-to-end advanced IoT and analytics project of moderate to high complexity in a lead architect role • The ability and inclination to learn and adapt to new platforms and technologies in the IoT and analytics domain • Experience in directly engaging with customer stakeholders in global contexts • The proven ability to lead and/or collaborate with IoT platform/field engineering, application and solution development teams • Good to have experience in data solutions for heavy industries such as automotive, telematics, manufacturing, energy, utilities, engineering and mining  Interested Candidates can be apply Contact Number: 7397778265
Trainee Design Engineer;null;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;1-3 Years;Not Specified;Job Requirements: • New product development knowledge / product design/ GD & T knowledge • Have knowledge of Standards regularly used for Designing, Drawing. • Responsible for the design development, detail drawing in 2D & 3D Modelling • Create Design concepts. Immediately walk-in to our office or call to HR 9515120648 • Responsible to integrate various parts to create integrated Assembly Modelling along with assembly animation. • Design of Body in White (BIW). • Design of Interior (Door Trims, Headliners, Instrument Panel, Pillar Trims etc.) • Design of Exterior (Bumper, Wheel Arch liner, Spoiler and Mirrors etc) • Responsible for customized BOM generation. • Have knowledge of various material types and properties. • Have knowledge of sheet metal and Plastic • Understanding of various manufacturing processes, sheet metal fabrication, pressure die casting, forging and machining etc. • Have knowledge of Material properties and GD&T. Strengths: • Should have Positive thinking along with Positive attitude, excellent interpersonal skills. • Strong believer of systematic & team approach. • Adaptability towards new surrounding & enthusiastic towards new aspects of works. • Good inter personal relations & communication skills. • Initiative & like to be a team member for achieving targeted goals. • Self-motivated, comfortable following direction and able to meet deadlines. • Good listing & understanding the concept and willing to give it a shape for the concept. • To be an independent team member to play a roll of designer in innovative design. • To be an independent team member to play a roll of designer in innovative design. Immediately walk-in to our office or call to HR 9515120648
Trainee Design Engineer;null;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;1-3 Years;Not Specified;Design Engineer We required Mechanical Design Engineers (0-3 years) of experience on Design of-Interior- BIW-Exterior-Composites, Plastics and Sheet Metal etc for our clients located at Pune, Noida, Chennai, Bangalore, and Hyderabad. We conduct the interviews / preliminary screening based on the job requirement given by our clients and qualified candidates will be sent to the client’s location for the final interviews based on the client’s approval on the profile, For More Info, please call Meena: 9515120648 Desired Candidate Profile Concept Development Styling feasibility Master section feasibility Packaging feasibility Design for Assembly Design For Manufacturing Understand customer requirements, clarify inputs and perform the tasks accordingly Maintain CAD Methods For More Info, please call Meena: 9515120648 Contact -HR -Meena-----+91-9515120648
Development Lead - Interior Cockpit;V 2 Soft Private Limited;Chennai;7-10 Years;900000-1500000;Greetings from V2soft!!! V2Soft is a global leader in Information Technology Services and Business Solutions with world headquarters in Michigan, USA. Established in March 1998, V2Soft provides cost effective, high performance technology solutions to clients worldwide in various domains. V2Soft believes in partnering with their customers to solve their business problems using technology. Client’s Description: Top MNC - Product based client TITLE: Development Lead - Interior Cockpit Location: Chennai, India Job description – MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES: Responsibilities: ? Provide Design direction to Team Members for Interior Plastic Components. ? Design Support for the analysis teams Essential: ? 7 to 10 years of Product Design & development experience in automotive Cockpit Components ? Working experience in Component & System level designing. ? Expertise in UG NX modeling, Surfacing and Team Center. ? Good Knowledge in Manufacturing & Assembly feasibility study. Desirable: ? Proficiency in Motion Simulation & UG NX Customization. ? Good knowledge on Manufacturing process If you are interested in the above-mentioned specification, request you to share the below asked information and forward the same to [HIDDEN TEXT] Total Work Experience [Years]: Relevant Experience [ Mention in detail]: Experience in Team Center (UG NX): Experience in automotive Cockpit Components [Mention names]: Experience in OEM [years]: Experience in Design [years]: Experience in Development [years]: Team handling: Current CTC: Expected CTC: Notice Period: Qualification: D.O.B: PAN Card No.: Current Location: Native Location: Interested in relocation to Chennai [ Yes / No]: Current Company: Current Designation: Holding any offer currently [Yes/No]: Applied for the same positions before [if Yes when?]: Reason for Job Change: If you are not interested, request you to forward this mail to any your friends, colleagues, ex colleagues, peers, ex peers... Awaiting your reply…
Trainee Design Engineer in Automotive/Aero/Home Appliance Engineering Design;E-Mug Engineering Services Private Limited;Chennai, Hyderabad / Secunderabad;0-3 Years;Not Specified;Training cum Job Opportunity in Automotive/Aero/Home Appliance/Oil and Gas Engineering Design Industries JOB GUARANTEE PROGRAM Our Program is based on Industry Required Domain Oriented with Live Projects and Design Standards of TOP OEMs and Best Modeling Methods Domains: Product Design –Body in White (BIW-Under Body/Upper Body/Body Panels/Closures) Product Design –Interior Design of Door Trims, Pillar Trims, Headliners and Instrument Panel Product Design –Exterior Design of Front Bumper/Rear Bumper, Wheel Arch liner, Spoiler Front Grill Product Design –Seating Design of Seating Structural components, plastic components Product Design –BIW Welding Fixture Product Design –Geometric Dimension and Tolerances, Dimensional Management Product Design -Considering Design process and Approach, Design consideration and Design Standards, Manufacturing process and Materials, DFA, DFM Note: Terms and Conditions Apply for Training Program ? Direct Walk-in into the Our Office ? Emug engineering services, ameerpet, Opp: Big bazar, Vamshee estates, 2nd floor, Ameerpet. Hyderabad ? for More Information Contact HR: 8185993300 /040-66836983 after successful completion of the program and clearing the tests, students will be given offer Letter in emug engineering services and placed at our client location and Our Project division. Terms and Conditions Applicable for Training Period Education UG: B.Tech/B.E. in Mechanical, Production. Aero, CITD.NTTF, Diploma in Mechanical PG: M.Tech in Mechanical/Production/Design/CAD/CAM
Hire For Designe Engineers;Jailaxmi Enterprises;Mumbai, Pune;0-1 Years;110000-220000;"We have urgent requirement for Design Engineers. Job type: - on roll/full time Required Experience: - 0 to 1 years About company ;- core automobile sector If any other information contact us to  8956665447(HR)"
Design Engineer - Dimensional;Harita Techserv Limited;Chennai;2-5 Years;Not Specified;Proficient knowledge of GD&T and ASME 1994 / 2009 standard. Worked on Sheet Metal and Plastics components Adept in UG NX Modelling and Drafting. Knowledge in stack-up analysis. Demonstrate Knowledge of dimensional control, manufacturing process engineering.Interested candidate can share me their resume to [HIDDEN TEXT] or can reach me on +91-9384054704
Design Training cum Job Opportunity in Automotive/Aero/Home Appliance Engineering Design Industry;E-Mug Engineering Services Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;0-3 Years;Not Specified;We are looking for Trainee Design Engineer in Automotive/Aero/Home Appliance Engineering Design Industry Note: Admission only after qualifying the selection process - Engineering Tests & F2F interview and CAD Test Selected candidates will be taken into Job Guarantee Program Our Program is based on Industry Required Domain (BIW, INTERIOR, EXTERIOR, SEATING & GD&T) Oriented with Live Projects and Design Standards of TOP OEMs and Best Modeling Methods Direct Walk-in into the Our Office EMUGTECH For More Information Contact HR: 8185993300 /040-66836983 after successful completion of the program and clearing the tests, candidates  will be given offer Letter in emug engineering services and placed at our client location and Our Project division. Terms and Conditions Applicable for Training Period
Engineer / Sr Engineer Design;Ace Consultancy;Mysore;3-5 Years;Not Specified;We have a immediate requirement for Engineer / Sr Engineer Design for a major Auto Ancillary company for its H.O at Bangalore Job Title: Engineer / Sr Engineer Product Design Main skill :Software Exposure required in Solid Works, Solid Edge 3 D module and Team Center PLM location : Mysore Reporting To: Head R&D Principal Responsibilities Primary Accountability Product Conceptualization (following APQP guidelines): 1. Understand the intended function of the product in its area of application. 2. Refer applicable standards pertaining to product and determine the material, functional, dimensional and aesthetic requirements. 3. Preparing Product assembly and part designs and models. 4. Assembly breakdown structure and drafting detailed drawings of parts indicating raw material, special characteristics, mating features etc. New Product Process (Prototype, Trial & Validation): 5. Coordinate with CFT in development of new product, its manufacturing process flow, testing and validation. 6. Iteration through DOEs for establishing best material, process and tooling to produce the product in most efficient and economical way. 7. Improvement and conformation of product to desired functional, fitment and Quality parameters. 8. Post prototype approval, coordinate with D&D and Production team for streamlining the production through PPAP and establishing all production and quality control plans, FMEAs, Check sheets. 9. To use all resources optimally and ensure strict cost control. Customer Interaction: 10. Interact and understand the  Voice of Customer at every stage of Product Development. 11. Visit customer location to understand the application of the product and its functional requirements. 12. Address customer complaints/feedback during trials and approval process. Vendor Development (NPD & Prototype) 13. Identifying and developing vendors for prototyping in early stages of product development and follow up for execution of all necessary activities. Professional Qualifications ME / M.Tech in Mechanical Engineering Experience : 3 to 4 years in D&D and/or R&D functions in Auto ancillary industries Skills & Knowledge 1. Product Design Processes 2. SPC, OEE, Control Plans. 3. Solidworks 2010, AutoCAD 2014 4. Team Center PDM 5. Inspection / Testing methods 6. Cutting Tools & Materials 7. Identification & Traceability 8. Well versed in MS Excel, Word, Power point 9. QMS /IATF 16949 Standards 10. Report creation and presentation. 11. Problem solving techniques like Kaizen, QCC. If interested, Pls mail yr CV in word format duly attached Also pls provide following information Name : Total Experience : Edu Qualification : Current Company : Current Location : Current CTC : Expected CTC : Ready to relocate : Joining Period : Regards Deepak Bhat ACE CONSULTANCY HUMAN RESOURCE CONSULTANCY Grevillea, Magarpatta City, Hadapsar, Pune 411013, India. Tel No : 020- 48602059 Cell No. 7057509669 / 7887787333 / 9579302916 Email ID : [HIDDEN TEXT]
Advance Engineering;Quess Corp Limited;Pune;6-11 Years;Not Specified;• Engineering and technical know-how on Auto Interior products like – Cockpit (IP), Floor Consoles, Door Trims, Pillar Trims, Parcel shelfs, Headliners, Trunk Trims, Load Floor etc. • Responsible for deliverables for advance RFQ and pursuit business cases • Understand customer’s - RFQ / SOR / DCS / Enquiry and do the technical analysis • Prepare technical proposal against RFQ with detail technical input BoM – Materials, Processes, Finish, Assembly Sequence etc… • Co-ordinate within Customer, CFT, Suppliers for proper understanding and in order to prepare technical proposals. • VAVE & Alternate ideas and design concepts • Perform trade studies to evaluate competing design proposals. • Perform engineering calculations for mass, strength and mechanical performance. • Coordinate with component suppliers and assembly plants. • Maintenance of engineering open issues lists. • Perform trade studies to evaluate competing design proposals. • Perform engineering calculations for mass, strength and mechanical performance. • Coordinate with component suppliers and assembly plants. • Maintenance of engineering open issues lists. • Follow departmental procedures and documentation to comply with IATF 16949 quality system standards and company policy. • Knowledge of process, procedure and system to carry out assigned tasks, like -RFQ, Tooling , Costing and Business Development. • Proactively contribute to companywide continuous improvement programs • Any other duties/ functions assigned from time to time by the management
Autocad Catia  Solidwork  - Walk In Interview;null;Ahmedabad, Gandhinagar;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Prepare product design specifications and create design sketches and drawings. Plan and execute product designs within allotted budget and timelines. Analyse and troubleshoot product issues and constraints in a timely manner. Recommend new tools and technologies to complete design projects. Maintain a design library for reference purposes. Negotiate and confirm product designs with customers. Share new design ideas and methodologies with management. Assist in product development and implementation activities. Analyse potential risks and develop effective mitigation plans. Evaluate product designs and recommend improvements. Stay abreast with design trends and techniques. Follow design standards and adhere to company policies. Use CAD software to develop product models and assembly. 
Autocad Catia  Solidwork Walk In Interview;null;Delhi, Noida;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Site measurement, Making Drawings, Execution supervision Furniture installation, and Sign off. Responsible for Production, Planning. Site supervision and installation team management. Should be able to thoroughly understand project inputs, sent by client. Should have understanding on working with layer system, Xrefs, dynamic blocks etc in Autocad. Must be able to prepare construction drawings set and working details set for any architectural project using Autocad, with international standards. Understanding of proper safety procedures and recognition of hazards. Accomplishing project by defining the scope and resources required. Allocating resources, materials, sub-contractors and other staff. Ability to work with designers/management/onsite workers for successful comple 
Trainee Design Engineer;null;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;1-3 Years;Not Specified;Design Engineer We required Mechanical Design Engineers (0-3 years) of experience on Design of-Interior- BIW-Exterior-Composites, Plastics and Sheet Metal etc for our clients located at Pune, Noida, Chennai, Bangalore, and Hyderabad. We conduct the interviews / preliminary screening based on the job requirement given by our clients and qualified candidates will be sent to the client’s location for the final interviews based on the client’s approval on the profile, For More Info, please call Meena: 9515120648 Desired Candidate Profile Concept Development Styling feasibility Master section feasibility Packaging feasibility Design for Assembly Design For Manufacturing Understand customer requirements, clarify inputs and perform the tasks accordingly Maintain CAD Methods For More Info, please call Meena: 9515120648 Contact -HR -Meena-----+91-9515120648
Hire For Mechanical Engineers;Jailaxmi Enterprises;Mumbai, Pune;0-4 Years;210000-330000;"We have urgent requirement for Mechanical Engineers. Job type: - on roll/full time Required Experience: - 0 to 4 years About company ;- core automobile sector If any other information contact us to 7264072330 (HR)"
Autocad Catia  Solidwork Walk In Interview;null;Jaipur, Surat;0-5 Years;Not Specified;AutoCAD technicians are drafters, professionals who create technical drawings used in the construction of products and materials. Their drawing is carried out with specific CAD software. Working electronically allows drafters to more quickly prepare and edit schemata, which in turn facilitates a more efficient production process. Despite their electronic emphasis, though, computerized drafters still require knowledge of traditional pen-and-paper drafting techniques, in order to better understand the principles behind their work. 
Automotive Trainee Design Engineer;null;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;1-2 Years;Not Specified;• New product development knowledge / product design/ GD & T knowledge • Have knowledge of Standards regularly used for Designing, Drawing. • Responsible for the design development, detail drawing in 2D & 3D Modelling • Create Design concepts. (For more Information please call to HR -9515120648) • Responsible to integrate various parts to create integrated Assembly Modelling along with assembly animation. • Design of Body in White (BIW). • Design of Interior (Door Trims, Headliners, Instrument Panel, Pillar Trims etc.) • Design of Exterior (Bumper, Wheel Arch liner, Spoiler and Mirrors etc) • Responsible for customized BOM generation. • Have knowledge of various material types and properties. • Have knowledge of sheet metal and Plastic • Understanding of various manufacturing processes, sheet metal fabrication, pressure die casting, forging and machining etc. • Have knowledge of Material properties and GD&T. Strengths: • Should have Positive thinking along with Positive attitude, excellent interpersonal skills. • Strong believer of systematic & team approach. • Adaptability towards new surrounding & enthusiastic towards new aspects of works. • Good inter personal relations & communication skills. • Initiative & like to be a team member for achieving targeted goals. • Self-motivated, comfortable following direction and able to meet deadlines. • Good listing & understanding the concept and willing to give it a shape for the concept. • To be an independent team member to play a roll of designer in innovative design. Immediately walk-in to our office or call to HR 9515120648
AutoCAD Designer;Bright Path Global Solutions;Gurgaon / Gurugram;1-4 Years;220000;AutoCAD Designer. 1-3 Years, Gurgaon (Khandsa Road) We have urgent openings for Experienced AutoCad Designer 1-3 Years Exp.(B.E Mechanical Only). 1. Preparation of mechanical design calculations, drawings based on given specs 2. Maintain , enhance and apply both design and technical knowledge ensuring production of high quality drawings 3. Participate in design progress and coordination meeting 4. Coordination with other discipline engineers as applicable for the continuity of the design process. 5. Keeping good track / documentation of projects 6. Ensuring relevant QA procedures are followed 7. Ensuring adherence to corporate standards Minimum 1 Year experience required as  AutoCAD Designer . Immidiate Joiner can also apply for the vacancy. Interested candidate share your CV at [HIDDEN TEXT]. Experienced candidates contact us soon. Salary Negotiable Salary: INR 1,00,000 - 2,40,000 Industry: Engineering Location- Gurgaon (Khandsa Road) Functional Area: Other Role:AutoCAD Design Employment Type: Full Time, Permanent Keyskills : Design engineer, Autocad designer,CAD engineer, AutoCAD,CADdesigner,B.E/B.tech Mechanical Education- UG: B.Tech/B.E. - Mechanical PG:M.Tech - Any Specialization, Mechanical
Mechanical Design Engineer;null;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;1-3 Years;Not Specified;• New product development knowledge / product design/ GD & T knowledge • Have knowledge of Standards regularly used for Designing, Drawing. • Responsible for the design development, detail drawing in 2D & 3D Modelling • Create Design concepts. (For more Information please to HR 9515120648) • Responsible to integrate various parts to create integrated Assembly Modelling along with assembly animation. • Design of Body in White (BIW). • Design of Interior (Door Trims, Headliners, Instrument Panel, Pillar Trims etc.) • Design of Exterior (Bumper, Wheel Arch liner, Spoiler and Mirrors etc) • Responsible for customized BOM generation. • Have knowledge of various material types and properties. • Have knowledge of sheet metal and Plastic • Understanding of various manufacturing processes, sheet metal fabrication, pressure die casting, forging and machining etc. • Have knowledge of Material properties and GD&T. Strengths: • Should have Positive thinking along with Positive attitude, excellent interpersonal skills. • Strong believer of systematic & team approach. • Adaptability towards new surrounding & enthusiastic towards new aspects of works. • Good inter personal relations & communication skills. • Initiative & like to be a team member for achieving targeted goals. • Self-motivated, comfortable following direction and able to meet deadlines. • Good listing & understanding the concept and willing to give it a shape for the concept. • To be an independent team member to play a roll of designer in innovative design. Immediately walk-in to our office or call to HR 9515120648
CAE NVH - Location (Chennai);null;Chennai;3-6 Years;Not Specified;Greetings from HPL Global..!! we have an opening for the position CAE NVH with one of our client based in Chennai. Experience: 3 - 6 years Employment: Permanent Job Location: Chennai  Notice Period: 30 days Max * Candidates have to attend F2F interview on Pune Required Skills: Hands on experience in integrating the vehicle subsystem. Good experience in Trimmed body & BIW analysis, Full vehicle analysis is an added advantage. Hands on experience on linear analysis/Non-Linear Analysis/Dynamic Analysis and Fatigue analysis using NASTRAN solver. Hands on experience on Acoustic transfer function, p/f. Cavity model build. Experience in root cause Analysis and proposing design enablers. Field/ test experience is added advantage. Mandatory Software’s: ANSA, Hypermesh with Nastran experience Suitable candidates can send their updated resume to [HIDDEN TEXT] / [HIDDEN TEXT]
Product Development;Infovision HR Consulting Services Private Limited;Mumbai;4-8 Years;Not Specified;Hello, We Have an opportunity for one of the leading Tire Manufacturing Company. Position: Asst. Manager Product Development ( Moulds and Tooling ) Qualification: B.E in Mechanical Experience: 4-8 Years exp in Tire industry JD: Should have strong knowledge of AutoCAD Hands-on Experience in CAD software (Uni-Graphics and CATIA) Tire 3D model Preparation in CATIA and Uni-Graphics Work experience in MS office software Exposure to Tire Design methodology and Manufacturing Process Good communication skills Ability to work on in-house developed PLM software Support to achieve departmental targets Inspection of moulds and toolings. Mould and tooling design 3D modelling of moulds, tooling’s for tire manufacturing and Inspections at the vendor site Candidate should be willing to travel and relocate Location: Mumbai Regards Mangal kamble Board Line:- 022 61200826 Mobile:- 9082665543 Email ID:[HIDDEN TEXT].
New Vacuncy For Design Engineers;Jailaxmi Enterprises;Pune;0-2 Years;110000-220000;"Job summary;- Job Type: - on roll/full time Required We have urgent requirement for Design Engineers. Job type Experience: - 0 to 2 years About company ;- core automobile sector If any other information contact us to 7264072330 (HR)"
Autocad Catia  Solidwork;null;Lucknow, Patna;0-5 Years;Not Specified;AutoCAD technicians are drafters, professionals who create technical drawings used in the construction of products and materials. Their drawing is carried out with specific CAD software. Working electronically allows drafters to more quickly prepare and edit schemata, which in turn facilitates a more efficient production process. Despite their electronic emphasis, though, computerized drafters still require knowledge of traditional pen-and-paper drafting techniques, in order to better understand the principles behind their work. 
Opening for CAE Engineer for Hypermesh Software 0-2 years Hyderabad;Designtech Systems Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;0-3 Years;Not Specified;Hiring for CAE (Hypermesh) Engineer Hyderabad Qualification :- BE Tech / MTech (Mechanical) Experience :- 0 to 2 Years Working Location :- Hyderabad (Relocate to PAN India) Kindly find the JD of the position below Experience in HyperMesh (The candidate must be familiar in Shell mesh (Sheet metal & Plastic parts for durability & crash meshing requirements ) & Solid mesh (Tetra & Hexa mesh) Work Independently. The candidate should ready join in internship program based on their tool test performance. Interested candidates kindly share your CV on madhavi.jaju @designtechsys.com
Design Response EE Validation -HIL;V 2 Soft Private Limited;Chennai;13-17 Years;1200000-1800000;Greetings from V2soft!!! V2Soft is a global leader in Information Technology Services and Business Solutions with world headquarters in Michigan, USA. Established in March 1998, V2Soft provides cost effective, high performance technology solutions to clients worldwide in various domains. V2Soft believes in partnering with their customers to solve their business problems using technology. Client’s Description: Top MNC - Product based client TITLE: Design Response EE Validation -HIL Location: Chennai, India Job description – MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES: ? Project planning ? Project monitoring with weekly review meetings. ? Responsible for overall program schedule and quality of deliverables. ? Conducting Root Cause Analysis ? Strong Knowledge in product and program life cycle. ? Should have handled a team of 10+ people Technical Skills: ? Good hands on in Body, Chassis and vehicle Safety Electronics features such as IPC, Body Control module, ADAS modules etc. in development as well as validation with Tier-1 Automotive Supplier, Automotive OEM or well reputed Tier-1 Engineering Service organization ? Hands on exposure with Automotive embedded hardware modules ? Experience in communication protocols ? Working experience in HIL simulators ? Development of Test Cases/test Procedures, test scripts ? Experience working with CAN tools, CAPL Scripts and Canoe simulation environment. If you are interested in the above-mentioned specification, request you to share the below asked information and forward the same to [HIDDEN TEXT] Total Work Experience [Years]: Relevant Experience [ Mention in detail]: Experience in White Box & Black Box: Experience in OEM: Experience in PMP: Experience in EE – HIL Validation: Team Size Handled: Current CTC: Expected CTC: Notice Period: Qualification: D.O.B: PAN Card No.: Current Location: Native Location: Current Company: Current Designation: Holding any offer currently [Yes/No]: Applied for the same positions before [if Yes when?]: Reason for Job Change: Interested in relocation to Chennai [Yes / No]: If you are not interested, request you to forward this mail to any your friends, colleagues, ex colleagues, peers, ex peers... Awaiting your reply…
Mechanical Trainee Design Engineer;null;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;1-3 Years;Not Specified;• New product development knowledge / product design/ GD & T knowledge • Have knowledge of Standards regularly used for Designing, Drawing. • Responsible for the design development, detail drawing in 2D & 3D Modelling • Create Design concepts. (For more Information please to HR 9515120648) • Responsible to integrate various parts to create integrated Assembly Modelling along with assembly animation. • Design of Body in White (BIW). • Design of Interior (Door Trims, Headliners, Instrument Panel, Pillar Trims etc.) • Design of Exterior (Bumper, Wheel Arch liner, Spoiler and Mirrors etc) • Responsible for customized BOM generation. • Have knowledge of various material types and properties. • Have knowledge of sheet metal and Plastic • Understanding of various manufacturing processes, sheet metal fabrication, pressure die casting, forging and machining etc. • Have knowledge of Material properties and GD&T. Strengths: • Should have Positive thinking along with Positive attitude, excellent interpersonal skills. • Strong believer of systematic & team approach. • Adaptability towards new surrounding & enthusiastic towards new aspects of works. • Good inter personal relations & communication skills. • Initiative & like to be a team member for achieving targeted goals. • Self-motivated, comfortable following direction and able to meet deadlines. • Good listing & understanding the concept and willing to give it a shape for the concept. • To be an independent team member to play a roll of designer in innovative design. Immediately walk-in to our office or call to HR 9515120648
Walk in Interview for Design Engineer In  Manufacturing Company, Tiruvallur.....;JTS Jobs Consultancy;Tiruvallur;1-3 Years;200000-300000;"Hi, Good Day.. We have a very urgent openings for Design Engineer in Manufacturing Company, Tiruvallur... Position: Design Engineer Exp : 1 to 3 years Qualification: B.E/B.TECH/DIPLOMA Salary: 20,000 - 25,000 Per month Skill: Basic  Knowledge in Auto CAD, Pro-E, Solid works Location: Tiruvallur. Date: 22, 23 & 24-JAN-2020 Interested Candidates please come to direct interview only. Also refer your friends… Consultancy will take care of Interview selection Process Venue Details:  JTS Jobs Consultancy #No 10,Station Road, Durga Street Konaars Biriyani Opposite Side Tambaram Sanatorium Chennai-47.  Contact "" Anu"" 9789026585/ 9176313860 ----"
Autocad Catia  Solidwork Walk In Interview;null;Delhi, Noida;0-5 Years;Not Specified;AutoCAD technicians are drafters, professionals who create technical drawings used in the construction of products and materials. Their drawing is carried out with specific CAD software. Working electronically allows drafters to more quickly prepare and edit schemata, which in turn facilitates a more efficient production process. Despite their electronic emphasis, though, computerized drafters still require knowledge of traditional pen-and-paper drafting techniques, in order to better understand the principles behind their work. 
Vacancy for Senior/Junior Executive in different departments;Vimal Group Facilities Management;Pune;3-6 Years;Not Specified;VACANCY 1-Post-Sr. Executive Department- Design Exp-4 yr - 6 yrSalary-4 lakh - 6 lakh / annum Gender-Male/ Female Knowledge- Design Machine, Automation engineering, Solid Work, Auto Cad, 3D Software,palletizer,soap case packer, bottel case packer,belt and chain conveyor, Calculation & selection of verious mechanical items,LM guideways, bearings, ball screws, belt drives & drive for mechanical units.SAP MM,costing,atex & FLP SelectionVACANCY 2-Post-Sr. Executive/ Manager Department- Production/ Operation Exp-4 yr - 6 yr Salary-4 lakh - 6 lakh / annumGender-Male Knowledge- machine assembly & trials,Assembly of Case Packer, Banding Machine, Cartoning Machine,machine completion as per FAT documents,Pick and Place, SPM, PLC, mechanical and pneumatic assembly,belt and chain conveyor, SAP PP VACANCY 3-Post-Project Engineer Department- Project Exp-4 yr - 6 yr Salary-4 lakh - 6 lakh / annum Gender-Male /Female Knowledge-Value Engineering , Budgeting,Project Planning, Fuctional Design specification PLC and Machine, Case Packer, Banding Machine, Cartoning Machine,scheduling, SAP PP, project co-ordination, Preperation of Engineering documentation, including machine functional Specs, Monitoring job costs. VACANCY 4- Post-Sr. ExecutiveDepartment-AccountExp-4 yr - 6 yr Salary-4 lakh - 6 lakh / annum Gender-Male/ Female Knowledge- Account recievable/ Payble & reconcilation,Budgeting And control,Monthly & Yearly MIS, banking, Fund Flow Management, GST, TDS, MEIS, P & L,Balance Sheet, Suppliers Reco & Payment, books of account, Vendor Complinces,SAP PP VACANCY 5- Post-Sr. Executive Department-AutomationExp-4 yr - 6 yr Salary-4 lakh - 6 lakh / annum Gender-MaleKnowledge-Costing, execution of IO tesing ,Prepare PLC & Functional Design Specification. Component Selection. Prepare Circuit Daigram ,Documentation of FAT,SAT,IQ,PQ,OQ, Operation Manual Report any change in design of components and take action for upgradation of data.PLC knowledge Mitsubishi , abb, Allan Bradley, Beckhoff,servo motor , pneumatic system, switch gear selection will know for all types of relays , sensor type IQ, OQ, PQ document , SAP MM, Preparation of Electrical BOM,VACANCY 6- Post-Jr. Executive Department- Purchase Exp-2 yr - 3 yr Salary-2 lakh - 3.5 lakh / annum Gender- Male/ Female Knowledge- Purchase Order,vendor development, material planning & budgeting, cost reduction,SS materials,Bought outs, SAP MMIMPORTANT NOTE- ALL JOBS AT COMPANY ROLL , INTERVIEW WILL BE SCHEDULED IN COMPANY Candidates from the below companies will be given first priority-  ACG pampac Group, PARI, Cermex Gabo, Warade, COESIA, VOLPACK, IMA  PG , ULHMANN, APSOL, CLEARPACK, UNIVERSAL ROBOTS, NICHCROME, IMA HASSIA, ORPAC, Ni-Chrome, Pakona,Chevpack, Pampac, Raptech Engineering, Sourabh Packaging, Utopia Packaging,Bobst India, Affordable Automation  
Autocad Catia  Solidwork Walk In Interview;null;Mumbai, Pune;6-10 Years;Not Specified;Prepare product design specifications and create design sketches and drawings. Plan and execute product designs within allotted budget and timelines. Analyse and troubleshoot product issues and constraints in a timely manner. Recommend new tools and technologies to complete design projects. Maintain a design library for reference purposes. Negotiate and confirm product designs with customers. Share new design ideas and methodologies with management. Assist in product development and implementation activities. Analyse potential risks and develop effective mitigation plans. Evaluate product designs and recommend improvements. Stay abreast with design trends and techniques. Follow design standards and adhere to company policies. Use CAD software to develop product models and assembly. 
Autocad Catia  Solidwork;null;Bhopal, Nagpur;0-5 Years;Not Specified;AutoCAD technicians are drafters, professionals who create technical drawings used in the construction of products and materials. Their drawing is carried out with specific CAD software. Working electronically allows drafters to more quickly prepare and edit schemata, which in turn facilitates a more efficient production process. Despite their electronic emphasis, though, computerized drafters still require knowledge of traditional pen-and-paper drafting techniques, in order to better understand the principles behind their work. 
Trainee Design Engineer;null;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;1-3 Years;Not Specified;• New product development knowledge / product design/ GD & T knowledge • Have knowledge of Standards regularly used for Designing, Drawing. • Responsible for the design development, detail drawing in 2D & 3D Modelling • Create Design concepts. (For more Information please to HR 9515120648) • Responsible to integrate various parts to create integrated Assembly Modelling along with assembly animation. • Design of Body in White (BIW). • Design of Interior (Door Trims, Headliners, Instrument Panel, Pillar Trims etc.) • Design of Exterior (Bumper, Wheel Arch liner, Spoiler and Mirrors etc) • Responsible for customized BOM generation. • Have knowledge of various material types and properties. • Have knowledge of sheet metal and Plastic • Understanding of various manufacturing processes, sheet metal fabrication, pressure die casting, forging and machining etc. • Have knowledge of Material properties and GD&T. Strengths: • Should have Positive thinking along with Positive attitude, excellent interpersonal skills. • Strong believer of systematic & team approach. • Adaptability towards new surrounding & enthusiastic towards new aspects of works. • Good inter personal relations & communication skills. • Initiative & like to be a team member for achieving targeted goals. • Self-motivated, comfortable following direction and able to meet deadlines. • Good listing & understanding the concept and willing to give it a shape for the concept. • To be an independent team member to play a roll of designer in innovative design. Immediately walk-in to our office or call to HR 9515120648
Project Manager [ Locomotives / Rolling Stock ] for Onsite [ Abu Dhabi ] | 8-12 Years |;Kaizen SRA Technologies Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore, United Arab Emirates;8-12 Years;Not Specified;Project Manager [ Locomotives / Rolling Stock ] for Onsite [ Abu Dhabi ] | 8-12 Years |  Onsite Location: Abu Dhabi - 2 Yrs Job Purpose : Technical Interface Liaison between Client, other sub-contractors & Customer home offices. Position is Onsite in Abu Dhabi. Key Job Elements :  • Technical Interface Liaison to Client & other subcontractors associated with project. • Represent Client’s technical / engineering position & interests in all project related discussions and meetings in Abu Dhabi. • Provide fast response to Requests for Information (RFI). • Communicate, forward & connect the technical experts in the Client home offices with the appropriate parties at Client or Subcontractors. • Serve as Customer facing interface for Client for all technical matters & issues related to the project. • Develop & recommend solutions as possible to technical issues as they arise. Obtain consensus or approvals from home office staff where necessary. • Attend design reviews & project meetings at the request of Client & sub-contractors as appropriate. • Oversee & audit end-product Verification, Validation & Certification through Customer acceptance testing & final product handover. • Work with Client Program Management on schedule impact of activities. • Advise & alert project management and other leadership on emerging issues with the customer. • Assist with submission of documents and deliverables required by the project. Work with the Document Control Manager accordingly. • Job role may be shared with other individuals to manage travel & availability. Qualifications :  • BS in Mechanical or Electrical Engineering. • 5-10 years’ experience relating to the Design & Certification of Diesel Electric Locomotives or Products with similar systemic complexities. • Broad multi-disciplinary technical background in the development of systems with a strong interest in discovery of creative solutions. • Understanding of engineering theory & principles of operation of mechanical / electrical systems. • Knowledge of Systems Engineering principles including requirements definition & allocation, requirements traceability & flow-down, design of alternatives and verification of a product to given requirements. • Ability to read & understand Engineering Drawings & Technical Specifications. • Excellent Communication skills. • Willingness to spend significant time in Abu Dhabi. • Excellent Organisational skills working in a team environment. • Good Documentation skills. Preferred :  • Proficient use of English Language. • Project Management Experience.  Details Required: Current Employer/Work Location: CCTC: ECTC: Notice Period: Current Location: Relocation: Native Location: DOB: Education/Year of Passing: Total Exp: Rel Exp: Marital Status: Visa (if any): Pan Card No # (Must for upload) Passport No: (Must for Upload) Regards, Pradeep Krishnan Kaizen SRA technologies [HIDDEN TEXT] linkedin.com/in/pradeepkrishnankaizentek
Design Engineer/ Mechanical Design Engineer / Draughtsman Mechanical;Universal Solutions;Pune;1-5 Years;Not Specified;We are in requirement of   Solidedge our Client with minimum 1 - 5 years of experience. Location :- Kasarwadi (PUNE) Qualification-ITI /DME / BE candidate with experience of 2D detailing, welding symbols & 3D extraction on Boiler/ pressure parts /piping /similar models will be preferred(Jobless candidate will be more preferable)
Design Engineer;null;Mumbai, Pune;0-5 Years;350000-650000;Job Description: Fresher Design Engineer, Design Engineer Mechanical, Electrical  Very Urgent Requirement If Your Profile Matches The Above Requirement And If Youre Interested In The Above Opening Kindly Email Your Resume At The Earliest As Word Doc Attachment Without Changing The Subject Line. AryanTech India Pvt Ltd 204, 2nd Flr, Pinnacle Pride, Sadashiv Peth, Above Maharashtra Electronics, Nr Durvankur Dining Hall, Tilak Road, Pune - 411 030. Visit and Register for Interview Appointment www.aryantech.org
Autocad Catia  Solidwork Walk In Interview;null;Lucknow, Patna;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Prepare product design specifications and create design sketches and drawings. Plan and execute product designs within allotted budget and timelines. Analyse and troubleshoot product issues and constraints in a timely manner. Recommend new tools and technologies to complete design projects. Maintain a design library for reference purposes. Negotiate and confirm product designs with customers. Share new design ideas and methodologies with management. Assist in product development and implementation activities. Analyse potential risks and develop effective mitigation plans. Evaluate product designs and recommend improvements. Stay abreast with design trends and techniques. Follow design standards and adhere to company policies. Use CAD software to develop product models and assembly. 
Senior Design Engineer (6-8 years’ experience)- Trailer Business for Kuwait;Free Lancer S Divya;Kuwait;6-16 Years;Not Specified;Dear Sir, We URGENTLY require  Senior Design Engineer  for a well established group of companies at Kuwait. Experience : 6 to 8 years of experience in vehicle mounted products (Tipper, Trailer, Low Bed Trailer, Flat Fed Trailer, etc.) manufacturing Companies. Educational Qualifications : B.E/B.Tech in Mechanical Engineering Salary :  KD 500 to 600 ( Gross Salary ). Senior Design Engineer (6-8 years’ experience)- Trailer Business Job Description: 1. Thorough knowledge on designing Tipper trailer, Low bed, Flat bed, fuel tankers, Garbage compactors etc.2. Knowledge on design Steel structural, frames.3. Able to select Wheel Axles for different loads.4. Must have knowledge on Solid Works Modeling, Simulation etc.5. Must be able to minimize the material and other overhead costs.6. Must be able to handle the customer complaints.7. Must lead a team of Drafting.8. Strong communication skills.9. Must be conversant to UL, APL code. Added advantage for knowledge about ASME code.10.     Added advantage for GCC experience. Having Min 6 Years’ experience on Wheel mounted product.  
Dy. Manager – Development Lead – Chassis – Suspension;V 2 Soft Private Limited;Pune;7-10 Years;800000-1200000;Responsibilities: ? Engineering, Design & Development of Chassis suspension system tunable components. (Spring, Dampers, top mounts, stabilizer bars, jounce bumper, link stay bar, suspension and control arm bushings) for current & new program. Development of Suspension module, Corner module and Strut module. ? Suspension module assembly process definition for a given vehicle program to meet vehicle functional objectives, cost and timing. ? Suspension Components Design & Development: Develop requirement matrix, Source package, Technical review with supplier, Suppler evaluation, DVP&R finalization, lead development, supplier process review, error proofing, tooling and fixture/ gauges review, material sign off, PPAP. ? Supplier tech review for module process development to suit vehicle assembly process. (Define & approve Assembly fixture, in process inspection method, error proofing of lines, review of control plan and PFMEA) ? Review Assembly process, and torque tool & process review to achieve required torque joints. ? Periodic review with module supplier / SQE on continuous conformance. ? Plant technology and build support for Suspension deliverables: Alignment, ride height and over all end of line checks. Support all engineering test & production builds by working with plant team. ? Root cause assembly issues arising due to suspension at plant and at module supplier. ? Follow product development processes. Creating Source package, develop durability and functional objectives for Suspension Components. Supplier readiness evaluation, Technical review, Tool development and time plan review to meet program deliverables for Parts availability, DV, PV tests. ? Guide CAE team for analysis of above Chassis components to meet required fatigue life cycle, dynamics & NVH. ? Carry out design calculations to meet Suspension Kinematics, static alignment, ride height and compliance requirements. ? Carry out ride height change related studies and its implications on design changes of components. Propose hard point changes as required to meet Kinematics. ? Lead tuning development from Chassis of current vehicle variants or new programs by working closely with dynamics to meet ride, NVH and handling objectives. ? Interpret road load data and guide CAE team to carry out fatigue load cases, understand the right boundary conditions and understand the CAE results and analyze the component level fatigue life. ? Work closely with SQE and supplier for resolving part development challenges, ensure timely KPIs are met for program quality gates. ? Understand vehicle/sub system functional objectives, inter dependencies and study the packaging, serviceability and cost implications. ? Address component, assembly & vehicle Field Early Warranty issues with quality & service team. ? Working closely with cross functional teams like materials, CAE, testing, product center of competency, service, warranty and supplier quality. ? Drive value optimization initiative and meet target cost savings. And support DFSS projects in Suspension. ? Develop new local suppliers to meet functional targets & cost. ? Competitive bench marking & innovation projects. Essential ? Minimum 7 years of experience with automotive OEM or equivalent in suspension components & system design and development. ? In-depth experience on Suspension alignment, assembly process, Module development, product development process, supplier evaluation, tech review, DFMEA, DVP&R, control plan, PFMEA, PPAP. ? Be part of Ride and Drive evaluations to understand ride, handling concerns on the vehicle and accordingly root cause for improvement. ? Root cause analysis (Proactive & reactive methods) for parts under development and field return/warranty. ? Knowledge of DFSS methodology for design and reactive root cause analysis methods. (Shainin, DOE). ? Knowledge of UG NX/ Team Center, Catia V5 modeling (Surface/Assembly). ? Suspension kinematics & compliances. ? Good understanding of functional science of Chassis subs systems for fatigue, NVH, handling and stiffness. ? Excellent written and verbal communication skills Preferred Experience ? Vehicle assembly process knowledge and system and component tooling and process experience. ? Process knowledge of casting, sheet metal and forging. ? Simulation of manufacturing processes (sheet metal forming, casting-mold fill simulation) ? Knowledge of various chassis subsystems and Vehicle dynamics.
Mechanical / Automobile / Aeronautical Freshers Core Job Opening DIP/BE/B.Tech at Chennai Sal 15 k;Shine Management Services;Chennai;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Dear Candidates, Greetings from Shine Management Services … We are recruiting Mechanical candidates to our leading clients in Chennai Qualification : DIP / BE / B.Tech Mechanical / Automobile / Aeronautical Designation : Graduate Engineering Trainee / Graduate Apprentice Training  Skill : Production / Quality / Maintenance / Design / Auto cad / Solid Works / CATIA / CREO  Experience : 0 to 1 Years  Salary : 15 k Benefits : Food and Accommodation and 8 hrs Working and Cab  Location : Chennai – Irungattukottai, Oragadam, Sriperambadur, Maraimalai Nagar, Ambattur. Job Description : Mechanical engineers need to be technically minded, able to demonstrate numerical and scientific ability and have problem-solving skills. Job Responsibilities : • Assessing project requirements • Measuring the performance of mechanical components, devices and engines • Agreeing budgets, timescales and specifications with clients and managers • Maintaining and modifying equipment to ensure that it is safe, reliable and efficient • Undertaking relevant research • Producing and implementing designs and test procedures • Presenting designs to managers and clients • Quality testing, evaluating, modifying and re-testing products • Writing reports and documentation • Analyzing and interpreting data. Interested candidates can walk in to our office directly. Regards, Ms. Pooja, Shine Management Services, No.22, Vembuliyamman Kovil Street, Kulathuma Nagar, Pallavaram, Chennai-600043 Landmark : Vembuliyamman Kovil Contact Number: 8939303558 / 9962637631
OPENING FOR BOOM TRUCK OPERATOR FOR SAUDI.;Tarmac Talent Management Services Private Limited;Saudi Arabia;3-8 Years;Not Specified;GREETINGS!!!! WE HAVE URGENT REQUIREMENT FOR BELOW :- POSITION :- BOOM TRUCK OPERATOR LOCATION - SAUDI RIYADH EXPERIENCE - 3 - 5 YEARS REQUIREMENT - SAUDI LICENSE AGE - 22 TO 38 YEARS for interview call on 9136564172. regards, Tarmac
Freelancing Business Development Executive-Recruitment /Staffing;Synergi Solutions IN;Other India;3-8 Years;Not Specified;Work exp 3plus years A hardcore salesperson Must have knowledge of the recruitment process. Lead generation, Good Knowledge on Domestic Market. • Should have good work experience in getting business for staffing firm for various sectors.(IT, BFSI, Telecom, Engineering) • Identify new opportunities in the Lines of business.
Get Free Counseling for Jobs In Germany - No IELTS Required for Germany Jobs. Hurry UP!;VJC Immigration & VISA Consultants Private Limited;Germany;5-15 Years;Not Specified;Java/ J2EE, DOTNET, Oracle, Oracle Fusion/ Cloud , Hadoop, SQL Developer,  Big Data, Salesforce, Tableau, Networking, ETL, Informatica, Devops Android, IOS, Business Analyst, Quality Analyst, Project Manager, UI Developer, DBAs, Embedded Systems, Python, Storage Admin, PEGA , SALES FORCE, WORK DAY, AWS / Cloud, Web UI / AngularJS / Meanstack developers, MOBILE TESTING, ETL - INFORMATICA / TERADATA, QA ( MANUAL AND AUTOMATION TESTERS), Windows ADMINISTRATORS, WEBLOGIC, SAP ( ALL MODULES) , SHAREPOINT, DATA SCIENTIST, People soft , oracle apps
Hiriing for Premium Process In Tech For L-1 & L-2;Jobs Expert Private Limited;Gurgaon / Gurugram, Pune;1-5 Years;Not Specified;Hiring for Premium Process In Tech For L-1 & L-2  Required 1+ Years Of Experience In Technical support Must be Strong In - Active directory , Exchange , Dns , Dhcp . Required Good Communication skills CTC – 5.8LPA Location - Gurgaon / Pune 
Recruiter from recruitment consultancy CAN APPLY... EARN 15K TO 20K AS MONTHLY INCENTIVES;Hr Remedy India;Pune;0-5 Years;180000-340000;"Greetings from HR Remedy India!! We are a premium talent search and recruitment services provider company with strong focus in IT SOFTWARE, IT HARDWARE, Manufacturing, Engineering, Automobile, ITES, BFSI clients. We are writing to you to check your Interest in career opportunities with us. We are looking to hire self motivated professionals with strong interest and passion for recruitment. We are hiring IT RECRUITERS / NON IT RECRUITER / BULK HIRING EXPERIENCED. (minimum 2 - 3 months in core Recruitment)  OFFICE LOCATION: Baner / Balewadi (Pune)  Job Profile: - Full execution of the recruitment process (including job posting, phone interviewing, job interviewing, regular communication with candidates) for CLIENTS. - Confirming placement through proper screening, regular follow-up and good relationship with the candidates. - Ability to work with normal sourcing avenues such as Job Portals, Social Networking, References, Head Hunting etc as well as to Innovate new recruiting techniques. - Excellent Understanding of domain / industry from a recruiter standpoint.  About us *Provide Talent Search & Recruitment Services across level, specific team to work on Leadership hiring *Founded in 2007; Offices in Pune, Mumbai, Bengaluru, Ahmedabad, Jaipur *Industry working in: IT Software, Education, BFSI, IT Hardware, Banking, Insurance, ITES, Manufacturing, Engineering, Automobile, EPC, Oil & gas, Healthcare/Pharma *Functional practice: Software developer / Testers / programmers / Networking / Team Lead / Audit / Purchase / Quality / Finance, Sales / Business development / operations etc *Level: Front line, middle level, senior management *Our Clients: MNCs, top level company as well as middle level companies Kindly share this mail with your friends and colleague to apply for this requirement. Process to apply: Kindly share your updated CV Shortlisted candidates will get a call from our HR Team You will be getting the F2F Schedule from the HR -- Regards, Divya HR Team 7774018435"
Planning Engineer;Metro Jobs Consultants;Gurgaon / Gurugram, Noida;5-10 Years;Not Specified;Planning Engineer Qualification: - Diploma B.E Industries: - Construction Job Description Responsibility of work experience in Projects Planning, scheduling, working on AutoCAD, knowledge of Quantity Surveying, strategic thinker, monitoring projects milestones should be well conversant with Project Planning tools like pr  Projects Prepare project Master schedule and level 3/4/5 detailed schedules Preparing planning specific plans and procedures including progress measurement Interested Candidate Please send their updated Resume & Call on this Number 7827036029/011-46107515 & ([HIDDEN TEXT]) With Regards, MJC (P) LTD                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Contact Number: - 9990725507, 7827036029 & 011-46107515
Civil Engineer,  Site Engineer,  Site Supervisor,  Construction Engineer job 9152076965;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Civil Engineer,  Site Engineer,  Site Supervisor,  Construction Engineer job 9152076965 salary : -12000 to 18000 per month Education:-Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech)/ (Diploma) Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) mandatory  Location:-thane / ,kalyan,/ dadar / bhandup / sion / vashi, / panvel, / new Mumbai / belapur / andheri/ mirard / vasai / kandiwali  freshers and experiace candidate both can apply Gender : male & female preferred shift time : 9.30 am to 6.30 pm weekly working day : 6 days weekly off : sunday contact person : hr neha contact Details : 9152076965
Network Admin/Network Engineer Profile, Urgent Hiring,;Futurz Human Resources Solutions Private Limited;Chennai, Hyderabad / Secunderabad;6-7 Years;Not Specified;Hi We have an urgent opening with one of our client for Network Admin/ Network Engineer profile for Hyderabad/Chennai & Pune location. Job role: Network Admin/ Network Engineer Experience: Min. 6yrs. Location: Deccan Park, Hyderabad/Chennai/Pune  Notice period- Max. 15 Days Candidate will be on payroll of FUTURZ STAFFING SOLUTION Hands on experience on troubleshooting, Networking, CCNA role.  Interested candidates Call kanika@9560523148 or mail your resume at [HIDDEN TEXT]
Current Openings for Civil Engineers;Diraa HR Services;Coimbatore;0-4 Years;Not Specified;Civil engineers conceive, design, build, supervise, operate, construct and maintain infrastructure projects and systems in the public and private sector, including roads, buildings, airports, tunnels, dams, bridges, and systems for water supply and sewage treatment. Technical training. ... Mathematical skills. ... Written communication skills. ... Oral communication skills. ... Leadership skills. ... Organizational skills. ... Problem-solving. ... Decision-making. Contact person - Manikandan HRContact number - 9944609376
Urgent Jobs In Germany - Only IT Professionals Can Apply - Hurry UP;VJC Immigration & VISA Consultants Private Limited;Germany;5-15 Years;Not Specified;Java/J2EE, DOTNET, Oracle, Oracle Fusion/Cloud , Hadoop, SQL Developer, Big Data, Salesforce, Tableau, Networking, ETL, Informatica, Devops Android, IOS, Business Analyst, Quality Analyst, Project Manager, UI Developer, DBAs, Embedded Systems, Python, Storage Admin, PEGA , SALES FORCE, WORK DAY, AWS / Cloud, Web UI / AngularJS / Meanstack developers, MOBILE TESTING, ETL - INFORMATICA / TERADATA, QA ( MANUAL AND AUTOMATION TESTERS), Windows ADMINISTRATORS, WEBLOGIC, SAP( ALL MODULES) , SHAREPOINT, DATA SCIENTIST, People soft , oracle apps
Principal SW Engineer – Cloud Native Security;Affirmed Networks India Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;6-11 Years;Not Specified;Responsibilities: As a Principal SW Engineer in the Cloud Native Security team, the candidate will help implement and apply security best practices to secure high-performance Telco applications on the Cloud. Responsibilities will include identifying possible attack vectors, open and respond to CVEs and vulnerabilities and implementing policies and plans to address these security flaws for Kubernetes Clusters running on-prem and on public cloud such as AWS, GCP and Azure. Requirements: The ideal candidate will have 10+ years of experience in software development, with recent experience implementing and applying security best practices for kubernetes, third-party/open source projects and microservices in cloud environments. • Experience with native security controls in AWS, GCP, and/or Azure. • Experience working with Istio Service Mesh (and application of security policies on Istio will be a plus). • Experience with open source security tools like Sysdig Falco, Aquasec tools - like Kubehunter, Trivy, Kubebench, and Weavescope suite will be a plus. • Deep knowledge of, and experience with computer networking including aspects of DNS, IP Tables, L3/L4/L7 Proxy, Load Balancing, and TLS will be a plus. • Experience with Kubernetes networking CNI frameworks like Calico, Cilium, Flannel and application of Network Policies to secure Kubernetes namespace, would be a plus. • Deep understanding of, and experience working with cloud adversarial threats, tactics and procedures. • Experience in conducting vulnerability research and assisting with incident responses. • CCSK, CCSP certification will be a plus. • Experience with all aspects of the software development process – concept architecture, design, implementation and testing. • Excellent verbal and written communication skills. Education: Candidate should have a minimum of Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering. Master’s Degree preferred. Send your resume to [HIDDEN TEXT] for consideration
Project Manager Civil;Metro Jobs Consultants;Delhi, Gurgaon / Gurugram;15-20 Years;Not Specified;Project Manager Civil Qualification: - Diploma B.E Industries: - Infrastructure Job Description Prepare bid comparatives, tender set, prepare work orders. Should be able to coordinate MEP services at site should be able to lead a team of vendors/supervisors and coordinate between various stake holders and bring project to successful completion. Chair weekly site meetings and prepare minutes of meeting should be able to drive the project with control on quality, time lines and costs at site Interested Candidate Please send their updated Resume & Call on this Number 7827036029/011-46107515 & ([HIDDEN TEXT]) With Regards, MJC (P) LTD Contact Number: - 9990725507, 7827036029 & 011-46107515
Urgent Hiring For Desktop Support Engineer For Gurgaon;IDC Technologies Solutions India Private Limited;Gurgaon / Gurugram;1-4 Years;50000-175000;Dear All, We are Hiring for Desktop Support Engineer for Gurgaon location. Role : Desktop Support Engineer CTC : 18K Eduaction : Any Graduate / 3yrs Diploma. Experience : 1 - 3 yrs Job description : Desktop Support Engineer, Ticket handling, troublesooting, hardware diagnosis, IBM notes configuration, cytrix support, laptop dyployment, Pc swapping, win 10 migration, Remote support , Desktop hardware & software troubleshooting, Outlook Configuration, DNS, DHCP, Active directory. For More Details Contact @ Pushp Ranjan Tiwari Email : [HIDDEN TEXT]
Hiring Freshers For iOS developer position _Male candidates only;Girmiti Software Private Limite;Bengaluru / Bangalore;;Not Specified;We are looking for candidates who are willing to work for long term and eager to learn multiple technologies.(Male candidates only) Interview is held on 10/02/2020 to 15/02/2020.(You are invited)  Interview Venue: Girmiti Software Pvt Ltd #2/3, SLV Plaza Kundalahalli Gate, Marathahalli, Bangalore 560 037.  Contact person: Amaraganga-7259843540 Technical Skills Required: (Software Engineer-IOS Developer position)  Must have: Objective C and C Programming , Swift basics, OOPS and Design patterns, Multi-threading, Block programming.  Qualification : Bachelors of Engineering /Masters (No Back logs and no undergraduates).65% above is preferred in higher qualification.  Good Communication skills is mandatory.  References are appreciated, kindly send the CV to [HIDDEN TEXT]
we have immediate opening with Accenture  Full time mode for Bangalore location;EApps Technologies;Bengaluru / Bangalore;6-15 Years;Not Specified;Purpose of the role Senior Manager leads project teams to advise, innovate and transform the IT landscape of clients. The Senior Manager is also responsible for supporting the end to end sales cycle including the origination of opportunities, development of proposals, client presentations, etc. Responsibilities ? Lead one or more project teams to enable the client to realize business value from latest technologies ? Help our clients navigate/harness disruption within the context of their industry ? Build and sustain trusted advisor relationship with clients, and shape our clients’ business/ IT agenda ? Grow Accenture TC business, develop market leading capabilities and provide thought leadership in technology consulting services ? Mentor practice team members and lead practice growth initiatives ? 10+ years of relevant technology consulting experience ? Experience of driving large scale digital transformations ? Experience working with one or more of the following industries – Lifesciences, Consumer Goods, Retail ? Experience in multiple full lifecycle implementations of SAP or Oracle ? One or more certifications related to Salesforce cloud process – Sales, Service, Community, Admin and any Architect Level certifications ? Demonstrated client facing experience ? Demonstrated experience selling consulting work ? Crafting a value proposition ? Experience in responding to RFP, RFI from clients ? Analytical and problem solving skills ? Ability to create innovative solutions to key business challenges ? Stakeholder management and relationship building skills Academic Qualifications ? Bachelor’s degree in Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics ? Masters degree in Business Administration from a top school
MS Azure monitoring Architect;Cortex Consulting Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;6-14 Years;Not Specified;? Responsible to design, implement and operate monitoring tools and process for end-to-end monitoring of all technology assets. Company’s Global Enterprise Continues Monitoring roadmap scope includes both internal technologies and external technologies. ? Lead efforts to design, integrate and implement monitoring systems for On-premise, cloud infrastructure, applications, performance monitoring, transaction monitoring and synthetic monitoring leveraging IAAS, PAAS ? Resolve complex technical issues and drive innovation that improves system availability, resiliency, and performance. ? Build end-to-end monitoring, detection and prevention tools for Company products and Platform and customer-facing environments. ? Define, drive, and implement an architecture strategy and standards for end-to-end monitoring. ? Partner with the rest of the technology teams including application development, enterprise architecture, testing services, network engineering, security, and operations to establish end-to-end monitoring strategy. ? Engineer monitoring solutions operations and policies to drive proactive alerts and notification. ? Work with operational teams to automate proactive actions to proactively solve problems through automation
Electrical Technician;Tarmac Talent Management Services Private Limited;Saudi Arabia;2-4 Years;Not Specified;URGENT REQUIREMENT FOR SILENCO FACTORY(SOFT DRINK FACTORY) IN IRAQ ELECTRICAL TECHNICIAN FOR OPERATING & MAINTENANCE OF SOFT DRINK MACHINES. SALARY - 600 USD EXPERIENCE - 3 TO 5 YEARS. AGE : 28 TO 38  KNOWLEDE & EXPERIENCE IN THESE MACHINES : 1.  FILLER MACHINE FOR CANS & BOTTLES. 2. SHRINK MACHINE FOR PACKAGING. 3. BLOWING MACHINE FOR PET 4. DEPALLITIZER  MACHINE FOR CANS & SHRINK. COMPANY PROVIDED:1. FREE FOOD+ACCOMODATION+TRANSPORTATION2. FREE IQAMA3.  6 DAYS A WEEK WORKING4.  9 HOURS DUTY + OT5.  2 YEARS RENEWABLE CONTRACT DOCUMENTS REQUIRED : 1. UPDATED CV.2. DIPLOMA / ITI CERTIFICATE3. EXPERIENCE CERTIFICATE4.ORIGINAL PASSPORT5. R MEDICAL REPORT. REGARDS, SHIVANI CHAUHAN.9137669178EMAIL : [HIDDEN TEXT]
New Rules for Australia Permanent Residency Visa;VJC Immigration & VISA Consultants Private Limited;Australia;5-12 Years;Not Specified;Java/J2EE, DOTNET, Oracle, Oracle Fusion/Cloud , Hadoop, SQL Developer, Big Data, Salesforce, Tableau, Networking, ETL, Informatica, Devops Android, IOS, Business Analyst, Quality Analyst, Project Manager, UI Developer, DBAs, Embedded Systems, Python, Storage Admin, PEGA , SALES FORCE, WORK DAY, AWS / Cloud, Web UI / AngularJS / Meanstack developers, MOBILE TESTING, ETL - INFORMATICA / TERADATA, QA ( MANUAL AND AUTOMATION TESTERS), Windows ADMINISTRATORS, WEBLOGIC, SAP( ALL MODULES) , SHAREPOINT, DATA SCIENTIST, People soft , oracle apps
Mechanical Engineer, Maintenance engineer, Diploma mechanical, Mechanical design engineer, Jobs.;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-2 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineer, Maintenance engineer, Diploma mechanical, Mechanical design engineer, Jobs.961979712 1 Salary Offered:-10000 to 25000 Per month Education:-Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) (Diploma) Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) mandatory Experience:- Fresher to 6 month of experience as preferred Location:- thane / sion / titwala / andheri / mira rd / kandiwali / vashi / panvel / navi mumbai FACILITY - PF + MEDICAL FACILITY Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly of :-Sunday 
Urgent Opening For Mechanical Engineer freshers in hyderabad;Donavalli Infra;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;;140000-150000;Urgent Opening For Mechanical Engineer freshers in hyderabad year of passouts : 2015 ,2016 , 2017 , 2018 , 2019 ....... job role : maintenance sal : 10k food & cab faciluty..... job location : hyderabad contact : 7032105818
CLOUD ARCHITECT _ L&T _ Bangalore;Teamlease Digital Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;6-10 Years;Not Specified;Hi, Please see the below requirement & let us know your comfort level ASAP Client: L&T - AIR BUS Work Location : Bangalore Mode of Interview: F2F Interview on the weekdays Exp : 6 to 10 Years CLOUD ARCHITECT Mandatory skills: ? Bachelor/ Master Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Information Technology, or relevant field with 6-10 years of development experience ? Proven experience of designing, building and deploying cloud solutions, both from scratch and migrating on-premises applications, preferably on AWS. ? Experience of distributed architecture definition and Microservices implementation ? Experience in designing and implementing serverless architectures, APIs, RESTful Web- services and SOAP-based Web-services ? Deploying highly available, scalable, maintainable, monitored solutions ? DevOps and FinOps orientation, knowledge of continuous integration frameworks and some of the following products/tools: Docker, Nexus, Artifactory, GitHub, Jenkins, Maven, VersionOne, Splunk, ElasticSearch, Ansible, etc. ? Developing, updating and use CI/CD pipeline to allow fully automated deployments of applications across all environments from Development, Q&A and Production ? Strong coding abilities using JAVA and related frameworks ? Act as a team player: adaptive, collaborative mindset and ways of working with others Interested candidates can share their resumes or references to [HIDDEN TEXT]
Junior Software Developer;Reddensoft Infotech Private Limited;Kolkata;1-3 Years;Not Specified;The ideal candidates should have experience working on live projects with these technologies. We are looking for a go-getter who can work autonomously and has a willingness to tackle challenging projects. Are you a junior developer with an outstanding ability to pick up technologies and implement great quality software? We welcome you to come to the interview to impress us with your drive and passion. Main Roles and Responsibilities: Build efficient, testable, and reusable PHP modules Solve complex performance problems and architectural challenges Integration of user-facing elements developed by front-end developers Integration of 3rd party services including payment gateways and maps Building restful JSON web services Coordinating with co-developers and keeps project manager well informed of the status of development effort and serves as liaison between development staff and project manager. Requirements: Proven software development experience in PHP and frameworks like Laravel, Wordpress Demonstrable knowledge of web technologies including HTML, CSS, Javascript, AJAX etc Good knowledge of relational databases and querying Passion for best design and coding practices and a desire to develop new bold ideas Graduation and above in Computer Science, Engineering or a related subject Although we appreciate candidates with experience, we like to give juniors a chance to shine. If you dont have much experience, please bring some samples of your work so we can check .  Days of working 5 days Interview process is going on Call Sr. HR Manager Rakhi Chowdhury @ 8240717426 /033-40626075 Place-Kolkata -91,DL-54,Salt lake, Sector-ii(Karunamoyee)Near DL Park
We have opening for Seles excutive;Rectus HR Solutions;Navi Mumbai;1-3 Years;Not Specified;Job Responsibilities: 1. To educate builders, their purchase team on brand and services, present company position, vision, scale of the company through presentation. 2. To brief complete product details of each vertical, our USPs, competition benchmarking and services we offer. 3. To take complete details of each & every project site being developed by builders and maintain record in company provided software. 4. To address promptly any specific query, services, assistance if needed by the builders from the company -- Thanks & Regards,
SCM Executive;Kored Infratech Private Limited;Nagpur;3-8 Years;320000-430000;Job responsibility will be to handle solely the materials receipt, storage and issuing with proper accountability. Ensure there is transparency in materials receipt and vendor follow up, for smooth project execution.
Get Free Counseling for Australia PR Visa with New Rules. Hurry UP!;VJC Immigration & VISA Consultants Private Limited;Australia;5-12 Years;Not Specified;Java/J2EE, DOTNET, Oracle, Oracle Fusion/Cloud , Hadoop, SQL Developer, Big Data, Salesforce, Tableau, Networking, ETL, Informatica, Devops Android, IOS, Business Analyst, Quality Analyst, Project Manager, UI Developer, DBAs, Embedded Systems, Python, Storage Admin, PEGA , SALES FORCE, WORK DAY, AWS / Cloud, Web UI / AngularJS / Meanstack developers, MOBILE TESTING, ETL - INFORMATICA / TERADATA, QA ( MANUAL AND AUTOMATION TESTERS), Windows ADMINISTRATORS, WEBLOGIC, SAP( ALL MODULES) , SHAREPOINT, DATA SCIENTIST, People soft , oracle apps
Mass Opening  with reputed Company for Software Engineers;Revone8 HR Consulting Services;Chennai;2-7 Years;Not Specified;Dear Candidate,  Greetings From Revone8 HR Consulting Services!!! Responsibilities  — Requirement gathering and analysis in the absence of a Business Analyst.  — Design solutions based on the requirements gathered.  — Design integration requirements with other third party platforms.  — Designing data models.  — Defining architectural & development standards for the project in adherence to Technology and Vuram best practices.  — Preparing high level & low level design for the solutions.  — Daily task allocation & management of development team.  — Performing frequent code reviews & ensuring quality of the overall delivery.  — Interacting with customer on a daily basis.  — Presenting demos to the customers.  — Running all major sprint ceremonies.  — Enabling the development team to go to the next level.  — Oversee infrastructure set up in case of On-Premise projects. Ideal Candidate  — Degree in Computer Science, MIS, IT or other related fields.  — 5-7 years of experience in development of enterprise level web applications using an object oriented technology stack  — At least 1-2 years of experience in designing web applications.  — At least 1-2 years of experience in leading a team of developers  — Experience in developing on J2EE platforms, DOTNET platforms with RDBMS platforms (Oracle, MySQL, SQL Server)  — Experience in BPM / RPA tool would be a plus.  — Someone with a solid consulting mindset, who has the ability to lead from the front.  — Flexibility to travel onsite  — Strong communication skills If any Interested candidate kindly contact [HIDDEN TEXT] or 9884013677
Chief Financial Officer (CFO),CA/CMA Qualified,10+yrs exp, Male, Kochi;null;Cochin / Kochi / Ernakulam;8-10 Years;Not Specified;Looking for a qualified CA/CMA person for an interior designing company in Kochi. The job details as follows:Job Location: Kochi Qualification: CA/CMA Completed Experience: 8-10 yrs total experience Gender: Male onlyAge: Less than 40 yrsSkills preferred: If you got experience working with work contract related accounts, Its a plus. GST filing and experience required Salary: Best in the industry.
Web Designer;Aggarwal Recruitment Consultancy;Delhi;2-4 Years;110000-240000;Execute all visual design stages from concept to final hand-off to engineering Conceptualize original website design ideas that bring simplicity and user friendliness to complex roadblocks Create wireframes, storyboards, user flows, process flows and site maps to communicate interaction and design ideas Present and defend designs and key deliverables to peers and executive level stakeholders Establish and promote design guidelines, best practices and standards
ugrent opening Civil Engineer,Construction engineer, Site engineer, prouducation, mentances,;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-3 Years;Not Specified;ugrent opening Civil Engineer,Construction engineer, Site engineer, prouducation, mentances,9619184652 Salary Offered:-10000 to 25000 Per month Education:-Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) (Diploma) Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) mandatory Experience:- Fresher to 6 month of experience as preferred Location:-thane / sion / titwala / andheri / mira rd / kandiwali / vashi / panvel / navi mumbai FACILITY - PF + MEDICAL FACILITY 
Java/Bigdata : NCR/Bangalore;Future Enterprises;Chandigarh;3-15 Years;Not Specified;We are hiring for few urgent openings for a reputed client. Our client is Indias Top 10 company in Bigdata space. Details of the positions are as follow:  Skills Required  : Java AND Bigdata/Cloud(AWS/Google cloud/Azure)/Python/Teradata/Tableau/Spark/Scala Experience   : 3 -15 years Job Location   :  Gurgaon, Noida, Bangalore and Indore  We will be happy to share more details about the position.  Please share your updated resume and contact details to take the process further.  Thanks Pooja
"""Technical Interviewer""";Kaarya Consulting Services Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;12-16 Years;Not Specified;"Technical Interviewer Looking for the Candidate with Good Hands on Experience as a Development or ""Software Developer"" Good Experience on Any Technologies Like::-Java,. Net, C++, sharepoint, Mainframes, etc. Who Can Handle the Full Fledged Screening and Telephonic Interview for the Requirements Given Position."
Civil Site In charge;Metro Jobs Consultants;Gurgaon / Gurugram, Faridabad;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Civil Site In charge Qualification: - Diploma Industries: - Infrastructure Job Description Supervising workers, subcontractors and work activities. Preparing and presenting site inductions, safety briefings and toolbox talks Assessing and managing safety hazards Ensuring appropriate site rules and welfare facilities are in place Interested Candidate Please send their updated Resume & Call on this Number 7827036029/011-46107515 & ([HIDDEN TEXT]) With Regards, MJC (P) LTD Contact Number: - 9990725507, 7827036029 & 011-46107515
Currently Openings For HR Recruiter At Bangalore_9845043512;Personal network;Bengaluru / Bangalore;0-3 Years;Not Specified;20+ years in the recruitment business, we have consistently maintained the highest standards, meeting our clients requirements to their complete satisfaction. Over the years, we have gained an intimate understanding of the IT milieu and the unique demands it makes on its people. Our venture into recruitment began in 1994, triggered by the increased demand for quality manpower from the clients we catered to as an audit management and consulting firm. The initial focus was on accounting and finance professionals, which expanded to include engineering, Pharma and other export based industries and later, to IT , then in 2002 ITES , CALL Center BPO Industry . Position           : - HR RECRUITERS Qualification : - Graduates / BE / Post Grads / MBA / UG Experience     : - 0 to 3 Years in HR / Recruitment / Call Centre / Tele Marketing / Counselling Location          : - Bangalore FRESHERS MAY ALSO APPLY JOB Profile :HR RECRUITER / SOURCING SPECIALIST 1. Sourcing Relevant candidates for Esteemed Clients 2. Open to Call Candidates from Portals 3. Convince them to Apply & ensure they WALK-IN 4. Ensure Weekly Offer & Joinee Targets Achieved 5. Ensure Candidate Relations is Managed in an Excellent Manner 6. DELIVERY DRIVEN APPROACH. EMAIL-ID: [HIDDEN TEXT]   Contact No: 9845043512 99011486357338444389 9886518794 ADDRESS:  THE PERSANAL NETWORKS M G Road Branch : # S 115, 1st Floor, South Block, Manipal Centre, Off. M G Road, Bangalore 42 Near Bangalore Central Banashankari Branch: # 81, 21 Main Road, Banashankari 2 Stage, Near BDA ShoppingComplex, Next to Hotel SLV Swadishta, Bangalore 70
opening for embeded job;Diraa HR Services;Coimbatore;0-4 Years;160000-330000;Embedded Software Engineer responsibilities include: Designing and implementing software of embedded devices and systems. Designing, developing, coding, testing and debugging system software. Analyzing and enhancing efficiency, stability and scalability of system resources. thanks and regardsmonica hr6385267125
Business Development Manager;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;4-7 Years;600000-650000;Building an ongoing relationship with clients and new prospects. Interacting with customers, understanding their design requirements, presenting the product and design. Ensuring that effective designs are generated and presented to clients.   Visiting the client’s site, giving proposal of design, quotation and presentation.Interaction with site co-ordinator and also making site ready for installations. Discussing and formulating quotations, Monitoring pre-sale and post sale follow up. Following up on clients. Collecting requisite fees and agreement amounts Organizing requisite documentation. Interacting and building the brand with architects, interior designers, real estate developers etc.  Achieving the set targets by strategizing, planning and motivating the entire team.  You will be responsible for the overall maintenance of the boutique, housekeeping and accounts Qualification and Skill Sets:  You should be a graduate from a reputed institution. You should have 5-6 yrs of work experience, of which at least 2 yrs should have been in a managerial position Your communication skills should be excellent, with good command over English and the local language.  Your knowledge of the local city should be good You should have a flair for design, excellent people skills and passion to build customer relationship.  You should be capable of taking orders and independently implementing them in your boutique  Interior Design, Architectural or Civil Engineering background would be an added advantage
EXP. FRESHER FOR CIVIL ENGINEER SITE ENGINEER ELECTRICAL ENGINEER MACHINICAL ENGINEER FOR Hyderabad;Z Plus Zone;Chennai, Hyderabad / Secunderabad;;Not Specified;The construction sector includes the construction of commercial, industrial, and residential buildings and engineering projects like roads, bridges, and utility systems. Construction includes both new construction and remodeling, additions, maintenance, and repairs.
Metrologist II - Quality & Technical Lead;Fluke Solutions;null;;Not Specified;"Metrologist II - Quality & Technical Lead - FLU008730 About Us : Fluke Calibration Overview: Fluke Calibration is a global calibration equipment manufacturer specializing in precision calibration instruments, equipment, service, and software for electrical, RF, temperature, humidity, pressure and flow measurements. Fluke Calibration is a division of Fluke Corporation, the world leader in the manufacture, distribution and service of electronic test tools and software. We are a dynamic market leader with sound financial health. The Fluke brand has a reputation for portability, ruggedness, safety, ease of use and rigid standards of quality. Fluke is a multi-national corporation headquartered in the greater Seattle area of the United States. We offer an entrepreneurial environment that is team-centered, customer-driven, quality-focused, and growth-oriented. Working at Fluke gives you access to a robust career development process and challenging,  stretch opportunities. Fluke India Development Center (IDC) is currently hosted in India by Tektronix, which is also a wholly owned subsidiary of Fortive Corporation. Build your career at Fluke with growth opportunities across the Fortive group of companies. Description : Are you passionate about quality, love data, and embrace the technical aspects of metrology? Fluke Calibration is looking for a leader like you to fill a strategic role at our fast-growing Metrology Center of Excellence in Bangalore, India. We are looking for a veteran metrology professional to provide technical leadership to a newly formed team of metrology content analysts. The successful candidate will be responsible for meeting quality & completeness objectives across internal and external teams in a high paced environment. This professional will assist the site manager with achieving rapid team development objectives through training, standard work development, and troubleshooting of issues. If you are looking for an opportunity to apply your technical skills, help launch a brand-new product, and accelerate your career, then this opportunity is for you. Primary Responsibilities • Reviews and approves content deliverables prior to releasing to customers • Enforces quality standards and standard work adherence to meet strategic quality objectives • Acts a point of escalation for internal and external teams to address questions & provide learning opportunities • Performs one on one and group training sessions to support technical and metrological growth of team • Performs quality audits of internal and external team performance to identify opportunities for quality improvement • Performs statistical analysis of new content to determine quality scores • Provides weekly vendor and team performance reports to management • Reports to management on quality problems and proposed solutions • Collaborate with Metrology Center of Excellence manager to ensure growth in skills and productivity of teams Qualifications : Qualifications • Bachelors degree in Engineering, Computer Science • 4-years of experience working in the calibration industry [Required] • 4-years of experience working with technical data [Required] • Ability to work in a fast-paced environment both individually and in a team • Proven ability to deliver results on time • Strong written and verbal communication skills • Possesses excellent technical skills. • Able to perform data analysis, leverage internet technologies to accomplish objectives. • Demonstrates a command of metrology concepts and practices. • Displays a high degree of adaptability • Conscientious and responsible • Demonstrated keen eye for detail and a track record of delivering high quality deliverables Fortive Corporation Overview : Fortive (NYSE:FTV) is a diversified industrial growth company comprised of Professional Instrumentation and Industrial Technologies businesses that are recognized leaders in attractive markets. With 2018 revenues of $6.5 billion, $1.2 billion in operating profit, and a market cap of $26 billion, Fortive’s well-known brands hold leading positions in field instrumentation, transportation, sensing, product realization, automation and specialty, and franchise distribution. Fortive is headquartered in Everett, Washington and employs a team of more than 26,000 research and development, manufacturing, sales, distribution, service and administrative employees in more than 50 countries around the world. With a culture rooted in continuous improvement, the core of our company’s operating model is the Fortive Business System. Fortune Magazine ranks Fortive as a part of the  The Future 50 companies with the best prospects for long-term growth. For more information please visit: www.fortive.com. Organization : Fluke Job : Engineering Primary Location : North America-United States-WA-Everett Schedule : Full-time EEO Statement : ""The company in which you have expressed employment interest is a subsidiary or affiliate of Fortive Corporation. The subsidiary or affiliate is referred to as a Fortive Company. Fortive Corporation and all Fortive Companies are equal opportunity employers that evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, national origin, religion, ancestry, sex (including pregnancy, childbirth and related medical conditions), age, marital status, disability, veteran status, citizenship status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, and other characteristics protected by law. The ""EEO is the Law"" poster is available at: http://www.dol.gov/ofccp/regs/compliance/posters/pdf/eeopost.pdf. Individuals who need a reasonable accommodation because of a disability for any part of the employment process should call 1-866-272-5573 or e-mail [HIDDEN TEXT] to request accommodation."""
Digital Architect for Qatar;Vinirma Consulting Private Limited;Qatar;7-12 Years;Not Specified;VINIRMA Consulting Pvt. Ltd. is a 360° Human Resource Management Consulting and Staffing Services Organization. VINIRMA Consulting is currently looking for Digital Architect for one of its clients which is a Business Consulting, IT Solutions and Services company in Qatar with the following terms and conditions. Job Description Role Objective Be a key contributor to the Technology team, and ensure strong partnership with business and technology team to provide technical direction and solutions for a range of digital banking products. Manage and lead the design and development of solution Architecture, including delivery. Bring a product mindset and technical leadership in the production of technical solution designs, high quality functional specifications and other technical/documentation to ensure timely product delivery with high quality user experiences. Accountable for enterprise architecture and broader solution architecture and integration of Doha Banks internal and vendor based IT solutions, working with colleagues from across the business units. Competencies, Knowledge and Experience Educational Qualifications: • University graduate with a Degree in computer science, computer engineering, Electronics/Communication engineering or a related field of study. Experience: • 7+ years of experience – profiles with extensive BFSI experience with knowledge of both legacy systems & new age digital platforms and products. • 7-10 years of extensive BFSI experience within Digital delivery environments such as mobile, web & social with the full software development life-cycle knowledge using traditional and agile methodologies • Experience of Enterprise architecture, Service Oriented Architecture, micro-services, and other integration • methodologies, ideally for Financial Services • Experience with maintaining legacy technology environments, the strategy and architecture requirements that • accompany that environment • Experience in the developing API-based and Service Oriented architecture • Experience in leading architecture in a modern data centric business that is complex and large scale would be highly beneficial especially in relation to data tools • Experience with the architecture of mission critical, high transaction volume environments – like Core Banking, CTL, TMS, transactional RDBMS systems and high capacity data warehouse environments Technical Competencies: • Knowledge of multiple technologies including (but not limited to): Java, CSharp, VB, DOTNET, ASPDOTNET, Enterprise Integrations (middleware, ETL, API etc.), Oracle EXAdata, VDI, Customer Experience Platform, Treasury Management Systems, Content Management and Customer Relationship Management systems • Knowledge of ISO Standards and Best practice frameworks ITIL, etc. • Banking and Finance applications • Retail and Wholesale banking operations • Excellent oral and written communication skills in English and Arabic (preferred) • Working knowledge of popular EPM tool, with extensive knowledge in MPP Behavioral Competencies: • Naturally inquisitive – asks questions to ensure understanding • Confident decision maker – make straightforward decisions and know when to seek backup • Demonstrated communication skills, and the ability to view and explain technology from a customer perspective • High level analytical capabilities, applied to complex programs of work • Team player – support each other to achieve • Collaboration – can work with multiple stakeholders to deliver a common goal Detailed Roles and Responsibilities: Strategic • Support the Section Head Enterprise Architecture and contribute towards the implementation of strategy, annual business plans, policies and procedures of the department, to support divisional and organizational business strategy. • Take decisions with the full knowledge of all the relevant business, economic, political, and competitive environment. • Ensure that the Bank is moving forward with stretched objectives in regards to Enterprise Architecture activities. • Align functional activities and initiatives with the objectives and mission of the Bank. • Understanding, advocating and supporting the enterprises business and IT strategies. • Setting the performance metrics of the Enterprise Architecture function. Operational • With an enterprise-wide focus, you will assess, design and implement IT systems architecture to support Doha Banks business strategy. Hence collaborative leadership skills and a strong technical background are critical, as is the ability to provide thought leadership to business stakeholders and technology team • Work very closely with the Engineering team to ensure delivered systems align with the Technology architectural strategy and the principals relating to software integrity and reusability • Adhere to Doha Banks processes, methodologies, standards and policies in relation to IT enterprise architecture from a governance perspective • Results orientated – understands what levers to pull to drive outcomes in a tightly regulated but changing environment • Experience in Digital BFS technologies, Data Architectures and Cloud services. Working knowledge of a fully integrated banking technology environment would be highly beneficial. Especially of Digital customer experience platforms like KONY, BACKBASE etc. • An established understanding of contemporary financial markets and the disruption occurring in the current financial services marketplace • Review and monitor the design of all applications being implemented in the Bank. • Assist Section Head Enterprise Architecture in strategic planning and budgeting for different applications for the Bank. • Leading the creation or evolution of the EA function or program, including the coordination of an appropriately balanced pursuit of enterprise business, information, technical and solution architecture viewpoints People Management • As a people manager lead and motivate the project team to achieve project objectives. Provide guidance and coaching to the project team • Ability to lead teams across multiple regions and countries, enabling a ‘one team’ culture and a positive working environment, respecting the cultures and capabilities across locations • Allocate work to project team, nominate for training as per Doha Banks’s guidelines, conduct performance reviews and manage leave and overtime to ensure efficiency. • Establish relationships with stakeholders/vendors to clarify project deliverables, outputs, timescale, quality and cost criteria Terms and conditions: Joining time frame: Immediate (Maximum 1 month) Should you be interested in this opportunity, please send your latest resume in MS Word format at the earliest at want2be(at)vinirma.com or call us +91 (0)471 4012246 or +91 (0)476 2684924.
Mechanical Engineer Electrical Engineer  engineer Production maintenance Quality Control 8879898561;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineer Electrical Engineer engineer Production maintenance Quality Control 8879898561MUMBAI/NAVI MUMBAI WESTERN / HARBOUR / CENTRAL LINE HEAD OFFICE MULUND INTERVIEW:AAJ MULUND MAI HAI CALL NOW:8879898561 CONTACT AROHI MAM  Age: Above 18 to 35 Salary: 12K to 20K Eduacation : diploma/degree/B E mechnical/ B E electronic/bachlore are preferd Skills: designing/production/manufractring/autocad/sales/quality control/supervisior EXPERIENCE:0 TO 6 Freshers are welcome Location:Thane/Navi Mumbai/Dadar/Goregao/CST/Ghatkopar/Sion/Borivli/Kalyan/mira road/Near by your location/All over Mumbai Gender: male/female both can apply Shit time: 10 am TO 6 pm(DAY SHIFT) Weekly off: Sunday or Saturday Sunday based on the company Interview time:10am TO 5pm Limited seat ….. Hurry up guyzz… For more information CALL NOW:8879898561 CONTACT : HR AROHI MAM
Immediate Opening For SAP PLM Consultant @ Bangalore;Ideslabs Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;8-10 Years;Not Specified;Hi, This is Chandana - IT Recruiter from Ideslabs India Pvt. Ltd We have below job opening with one of our clients in Bangalore location.  SAP PLM Consultant Experience: 8 - 10 Years Location: Bangalore Job type: Contract  Experience:  Total 8-10 years of work experience including successful completion of minimum 2 SAP S/4 HANA full life cycle implementations and rollouts in PLM modules covering requirements gathering and analysis, designing business blueprint, fit / gap analysis, configuration, testing, training, data migration and production support. Industry experience in Aerospace & Defence and manufacturing industry preferred. Technical Skills:  Hands-on capabilities include: blueprinting, configuring, testing and go-live support for PLM Projects Expertise in the configuration of SAP PP Master Data like a Material Master, BOM, work centre and Routing. Good knowledge of SAP Plan to the Production process Good knowledge on EBOM, MBOM, Variant configuration and classification Should have exp in configuration and implementation of SAP Variant configuration and SAP Engineering Change Management ( ECM) functionality Experience in SAP PS and SAP DMS module will be an added advantage. €‹ Integration experience with other PLM systems and AUTOCAD Good knowledge and experience in preparing Functional specification documents and Z developments like Reports, Conversions, User Exits, Interfaces, Workflows, etc. Good knowledge on LSMW, user exists, Function module Strengths include strong understanding of the business enterprise processes and skills to provide effective SAP solutions according to the business requirements in SAP PLM . Effective Interaction with the business and IT users to understand the AS-IS processes and mapping them with the new to-be processes modeled in SAP. Experience in MS office (Excel, Word and Power point Presentation) Desirable: Certification in SAP PP module Personnel Skills:  Extensive problem solving, decision-making skills coupled with excellent teamwork, communication and interpersonal skills. Good Oral and Written communication skills in English Strong customer and Quality focus. Interested candidates share the updated profile along with below details  First Name Last Name Total Exp Relevant Exp Current Company Employment with current Company ( Contract Permanent ) Are you interested in Contract position ( Yes / NO ) Notice Period : Current salary : Expected Salary : Passport no/Expire Date: DOB : Primary mobile: Alternate mobile: Best Regards Chandana - IT Recruiter IDESLABS (P) Ltd | M.+91 9177714894| [HIDDEN TEXT] | www.ideslabs.com |
CNC Machine Operator - Saudi Arabia;Heraa International Travel Services;Saudi Arabia;3-8 Years;Not Specified;Required CNC Machine operator for industry in Saudi Arabia Should have experience in: Power mill software with KUKA robot. Rino Software and any 3D modelling software Should be able to operate KUKA Robot.  Should have have experience:in Making creative objects on form and wood.should have minimum 3 years experience.
Support Engineer (Multiple Positions);Launch IT Consulting India Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;7-10 Years;Not Specified;"Description:  Launch is looking for Support Engineer (Microsoft project) to provide enterprise-level assistance to our premium customers who has rich experience in resolving customer issues including complex technical scenarios integrating several cloud capabilities (Windows Azure, SQL Azure, AppFabric, etc.) and scenarios supporting a service such as service availability, quality, outage management, subscription management, correlation of usage and charges, and cost efficient solution architecture. Responsibilities:  • Support Engineer is responsible for the resolution of complex support incidents, issues related to supporting customer under Microsoft Azure platform. • Resolve difficult customer issues by working directly with customers either via phone, email or chat and escalate issues quickly when deep, specific skills or other capabilities are required. • Provide proactive recommendations to Enterprise customers about Microsoft Azure offerings. • Be accountable to global customers on ensuring right traction is been provided and subject matter experts are engaged quickly. • Write excellent case documentation and Provide critical product feedback to operations, business groups and product groups. • Refer to internal database or external resources to provide accurate technical solutions • Follow up with clients to ensure their services are fully functional after troubleshooting Required Skills:  • Technical understanding of commerce platform concepts and procedures including online services, Order to Cash operations and general billing and commerce systems processes (e.g., invoicing, and billing transactions). • Technical aptitude to develop an understanding of the Microsoft Azure Platform and architecture. • Effective, polished interaction with customer to gather information quickly; explain customer responsibilities in resolving issue; communicate next steps and status; and inspire confidence. • Handle challenging and politically sensitive customer situations, including the appropriate use of all available resources, communicate effectively with Support teams on complex issues • Professional written, verbal and interpersonal skills are essential when communicating with customers and clients • Demonstrable troubleshooting skills - Diagnose and troubleshoot technical issues • Ability to provide step-by-step technical help, both written and verbal • Cross-team collaboration / Logical and critical thinking • Passion for technology and customer support • Experience in ITSM ticketing tools like ServiceNow, Remedy, etc. • Understanding of cloud vs. on premise computing. Familiarity with fundamentals of cloud computing. Good to have:  • ITIL foundation certificate • MCSE, CCNA, or relevant industry certifications EXPERIENCE:  • Overall 7+ years of experience as a Technical Support Engineer or similar role • At least 3 years of Technical Support experience including experience in a customer facing or customer technical support role."
Piping Engineer;Career Axes Engineering Services;Chennai;6-11 Years;Not Specified;"JOB DESCRIPTION:  ˜ Piping engineering experience for Oil & Gas processing facilities,  ˜ Must have worked as piping layout Engineer/ module in charge for at least one FPSO Project/ offshore platform  ˜ Conversant with design requirements / calculations typically applicable for FPSO/ Offshore platforms  ˜ Experience in piping design of modularized structures/ facilities will be preferable.  ˜ Capable of handling modules independently, taking care of area teams with ownership/ accountability.  ˜ Develop module layouts/ piping studies  ˜ Coordinate with team, other disciplines as necessary for the smooth progress of piping design.  ˜ Manage interfaces.  ˜ Effectively carry out changes; mitigate/ optimize impact of changes  ˜ Coordinate/ participate Client model reviews.  ˜ Ensure implementation of company/ project quality systems and procedures. Ensure cost effective design  ˜ Exposure to E3D/ PDMS environment"
Engineering Manager – Cloud Native Platform;Affirmed Networks India Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;5-8 Years;Not Specified;Summary Affirmed Networks seeks a Technical Engineering Manager to lead its Cloud Infrastructure and Common Services in Bangalore. In this role, you’ll be leading a team of Engineers to define and develop the next generation of 5G cloud native product frameworks and infrastructure. You will leverage several of the latest opensource technologies to build a service mesh for a microservice architecture, integrate No SQL databases, and design logging and monitoring subsystems. This role is also an integral part of the Developer Experience team, working directly with Engineers, Architects, Product Managers, Program Managers and stakeholders to enable Affirmed Networks’ Cloud Native Product development. This person will be primarily responsible for building the infrastructure, framework, and product observability strategy that is highly available and scalable. Job Description: 10+ years of experience planning, designing, developing and delivering software related to Cloud/ Virtualization /IoT / Telecom/ Networking/ Embedded Systems 3+ years of experience as an Engineering Manager leading software development teams Strong experience in some of the following technologies is desirable: Jenkins, Docker, Kubernetes, MongoDB, Prometheus, EFK, C++/Java/Go/Python/jsPrior experience in building infrastructure for instrumenting, reporting, monitoring and alerting is preferred Knowledge of 4G/5G architecture nodes is preferred: MME, S-GW/PGW, SCEF, NEF, SMF, UPF, AMF, NRFExcellent written and verbal communication skills with the ability to present complex technical information in a clear and concise manner to a variety of audiences Prior experience in AWS, GCE or Azure is a definite plus A successful candidate will be a strong leader who is able to work in a high performing team, can creatively balance high quality delivery with customer focus to meet business needs, has excellent communication skills, and continuous record of delivering results in an aggressive and fast paced environment Education: Candidate should have a minimum of Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering. MS preferred.
PET INJECTION MACHINE OPERATOR;Tarmac Talent Management Services Private Limited;Saudi Arabia;2-4 Years;Not Specified;URGENT REQUIREMENT FOR PLASTIC CO. IN SAUDI - RIYADH  PET INJECTION MACHINE OPERATOR DESCRIPTION :specialized of pet preforms and pp/hdp caps very qualified and high knowledge in PARAMETER SETTING … LOADING AND UNLOADING THE PET PREFORM MOLDS/AND/CAP MOLDS.very high knowledge of sarcosine setting the mold and material with the machine along with pressure, cycle time, heating ,,, and all necessary must be able to produce very high quality of finished product of pet preforms and caps.Record and maintain production data such as meter readings and quantities, type and dimensions of materials produced.his main responsibility to keep always the machine running without problems and the mold must produce all numbers of cavity in very high-quality finished products and keep always doing the troubleshooting on time. Must know the material matching and temperature needs and make the arrangement of preparing the material before feeding and follow controlee the situation of material. Maintaining 5’S in mould shop & manpower handling, Maintain SOP’s in department & prepare work instruction for processes.Record and maintain production data such as meter readings and quantities, type and dimensions of materials produced.increase productivity and reduction lumps & rejection. Managing the staff performance and activities for maintaining productivity & build up teamwork environment in department.Preventive maintenance scheduling of mould & machines. Clean dies, compression chambers, moulds, using swabs, sponges or air hoses.Leading and mentoring the team for the accomplishment of targets. Production monitoring and evaluation Asset management planning Prepare & conduct MRM reports daily/weekly/monthly SALARY- 2000SR AND ABOVE / NEGOTIABLE DUTY HOURS : 8 HOURS DUTY + 2 HOUR OT ACCOMODATION + TRANSPORTATION + MEDICAL + IQAMA FREE  DOCUMENTS REQUIRED : 1. UPDATED CV2. EXPERIENCE CERTIFICATE3.PASSPORT COPIES4. PHOTO REGARDS,SHIVANI CHAUHANCONTACT NO. 9137669178EMAIL ID : [HIDDEN TEXT]
Get Free Counseling for Australia PR Visa with New Rules. Hurry UP!;VJC Immigration & VISA Consultants Private Limited;Australia;5-12 Years;Not Specified;Java/J2EE, DOTNET, Oracle, Oracle Fusion/Cloud , Hadoop, SQL Developer, Big Data, Salesforce, Tableau, Networking, ETL, Informatica, Devops Android, IOS, Business Analyst, Quality Analyst, Project Manager, UI Developer, DBAs, Embedded Systems, Python, Storage Admin, PEGA , SALES FORCE, WORK DAY, AWS / Cloud, Web UI / AngularJS / Meanstack developers, MOBILE TESTING, ETL - INFORMATICA / TERADATA, QA ( MANUAL AND AUTOMATION TESTERS), Windows ADMINISTRATORS, WEBLOGIC, SAP( ALL MODULES) , SHAREPOINT, DATA SCIENTIST, People soft , oracle apps
Technical Support Executive ( voice) / Remote Support / Customer Support Engineer;Jobs Expert Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Gurgaon / Gurugram;1-6 Years;350000-580000;Technical Support Executive ( voice) / Remote Support / Customer Support Engineer   Required 1 Year Of Experience In Technical Voice Support (International) Required Knowledge About Dns / Dhcp / Active Directory or Exchange Server Must Be Good In Communication Skills Package - Upto 5.8LPA 5 Days Working A/C Cabs + Huge Incentives Location - Gurgoan / Bangalore  Contact@ Sarfraj-9999300435
Front End Development with Python,Django;Unitforce Technologies Consulting Pvt Ltd;Bengaluru / Bangalore;3-7 Years;Not Specified;"• Django front end development. • Attend Product planning sessions, and contribute ideas to the platform. • Interface with local and remote engineers to add features and fix potential issues. • Create solid, clean code. • person should have extensive experience as Python, HTML5, CSS, Javascript, React, Angular, AJAX, Jquery, Django, and templating systems • 4+ years experience in software/web development • In-depth expertise of the engineering life cycle • In-depth knowledge of Python, Django (4+ years) • Ability to work in diverse teams with both present and off-site peers""."
Software Engineer/Programmer , 3 - 7 years;SAW IT Services Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;3-7 Years;Not Specified;Opportunity for Software Engineer/Programmer , having Experience 3 - 7 years in Bengaluru / Bangalore location
Desktop Support Engineer Vacancy in Airoli Location - 20 Opening(s);2COMS Consulting Private Limited;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;1-2 Years;Not Specified;Eligibility Criteria: Provide technical support for resolution of customer IT problems, incidents, issues, requests and queries. Liaise with other support teams, or product teams as required to resolve requests/issues in a timely manner. Ensure proper documentation, notification, escalation, tracking and follow up of all incidents. Primary responsibilities are focused on customer contact, not transaction processing. Salary: 25k CTC Shift: Rotational including night Both side cab facility available Interested candidates can drop their resume on following mail id : [HIDDEN TEXT] and contact on 7008997914 Thanks & regards Sagarbala Barik Hr Recruiter 7008997914
DOTNET Framework with an experience in Angular Javascript;Alphacom Systems and Solutions Priavte Limited;Mumbai;5-8 Years;Not Specified;Strong Microsoft technologist with 5+ years of hands-on experience in full stack web based solutions development using DOTNET, Microsoft and Java script based technologies: JavaScript, JQuery & Angular JS ASPDOTNET MVC, Web API, CSharp, Knowledge of UI and UX design Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Mathematics, Engineering, related field, or equivalent experience · Experience in working within a small development team servicing remote business users and being part of a wider global organization. Desirable: · Real Estate \ financial markets experience Enterprise level n-tier development experience.
Senior User Experience (UX) Designer;Informatica business solutions pvt ltd;Other India;;Not Specified;"Our Team The Informatica User Experience (UX) team propels the design and usability of a broad spectrum of data-integration and data-management products. We are a globally diverse, world-class group of designers and researchers responsible for shaping user experiences and innovation initiatives company-wide. We are creative, collaborative, and fun to work with, and believe in recruiting the best. We care deeply about work-life balance and growing careers.  Your Opportunity   Informatica Master Data Management enables companies to consolidate and manage critical data, scattered across the enterprise, to a single point of reference.  Leading organizations in financial services, life sciences, manufacturing, healthcare, government, energy, and other fields rely on Informatica’s MDM software to reduce costs and drive revenue by improving operations and making more informed decisions across their organizations.   MDM is one of the fastest growing product lines at Informatica.  As a Senior UX Designer you will be at the forefront of designing user interfaces and experiences for an exciting, rapidly evolving, and strategic space.  You will work directly with colleagues in MDM Product management, Development, and UX, located in Bangalore as well as worldwide locations.  Our Ideal Candidate   You are a talented, multi-dimensional designer, skilled at applying user-centered design principles and techniques; and experienced at designing enterprise applications.  You know how to work effectively with other UX designers, UX researchers, product managers, and developers to collaboratively design usable solutions and validate them with customers and end users. You also like taking on interesting challenges and digging deep into domain knowledge, as you balance business and technology constraints to envision complex usage scenarios, create data visualizations, and quickly design concepts and wireframes to address user needs.  Your Responsibilities   The successful candidate will work at our Bangalore campus and will be responsible for:Planning and delivering UX designs while working closely with cross-functional teams Helping to plan and conduct stakeholder interviews and design workshops Synthesizing results from user research into coherent designsCreating information architectures, task flows, user interaction models, wireframe screen flows, prototypes, detailed designs, design briefs, design specifications and guidelines with little directionInfluencing product teams and the organization to achieve solutions that are right for our customers Fostering a fun, creative, collaborative spirit  What you have  5+ years of experience designing user interfaces and user experiences for web-based products Bachelor’s or Master’s degree in related discipline (UX, HCI, Industrial Design, Cognitive Psychology, Graphic Design, etc.)An online portfolio that demonstrates your design talent including conceptual models, navigation and user flows, information design, and mock-ups Strong knowledge and understanding of user-centered design in product developmentProven ability to generate end-to-end designs - from concept through production detailing Demonstrated experience developing and communicating UX design guidelines and design specifications Proven effectiveness working in cross-functional teams that include product management, engineering, QA, documentation and other UX professionals Demonstrated proficiency with wireframing and prototyping tools, such as Axure, Sketch, Illustrator, Photoshop, Balsamiq, etc.Experience using user-research methods, analytics, and other insights to guide product direction Excellent written and verbal skills  Nice to have:  Previous experience in user experience design for enterprise software Technical background, specifically with respect to data management like data integration, data warehousing, master data management, or similar is a great advantage Good understanding of large, complex systems Experience in designing for cloud-based application services"
mechanical Engineer , mechanical Maintenance,  Design Engineer, Automobile Engineer  job 9152076966;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;mechanical Engineer , mechanical Maintenance, Design Engineer, Automobile Engineer job 9152076966 Salary Offered:-12000 to 18000 Per month Qualification : Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech)/ (Diploma) Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) mandatory freshers and experiace candidate both can apply Location : thane, kalyan, dadar / bhandup / sion /vashi, /panvel, /new Mumbai / belapur andheri/ mirard / vasai / kandiwali Gender : male & female preferred  shift time : 9.30 am to 6.30 pm weekly working day : 6 days weekly off : sunday contact person : hr anjali contact Details : 9152076966
"""Sales Engineer – Storage Solutions"", Oman";Free Lancer S Divya;Oman;6-16 Years;Not Specified;"Presently we have an immediate vacancy as ""Sales Engineer – Storage Solutions"" for Oman Salary: Attractive remuneration will be paid along with perks like Housing, Car, Performance Bonus etc.Position : ""Sales Engineer – Storage Solutions"", Oman Educational Qualification: Mechanical Engg graduate / Diploma holder Age :22-28 years Experience : Min 2-3 year Purpose of the Role: Techno-commercial sales of Storage solution products like Pallet racking, mezzanine system, Industrial products etc. Areas of Expertise: Understanding Mechanical Engg principles Presentation skills Preferred Experience: In sales of Storage Solution products only. Other Skills: Good Computer soft skills. - Excellent in English - Good Communication and interpersonal skills. - Knowledge of Autocad - Spoken Hindi is an added advantage "
Subprofessional Staff;Shree Bhawani Consultancy Services Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad, Other India;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Job responsibilities include site management and operations. The candidates are expected to fulfill their respective Job responsibilites. We need the person to join on an immediate basis. Responsibilities shall be allotted to the candidates based on their qualifications.
WE ARE HIRING SOFTWARE DEVELOPER UI/UX DESIGNERS PHP DEVELOPER WEB DESIGNERS;null;Chennai, Coimbatore;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Gathering and evaluating user requirements, in collaboration with product managers and engineers. Illustrating design ideas using storyboards, process flows and sitemaps. Designing graphic user interface elements, like menus, tabs and widgets. Contact person - Manikandan HRContact Number - 9944609376
Vacancy For Electronics Engineering / Electrical Engineering job;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-1 Years;Not Specified;Vacancy For Electronics Engineering / Electrical Engineering job Location :  Airoli ,  Ambernath , Andheri , Asangaon , Belapur , Borivali , Chembur , Ghansoli , Jogeshwari , Kalamboli , Malad  Salary :  10 k 20 k Depends On Interviews Interviews Time :  10 :00 am to 4 : 00 Pm Shift Time :  9 : 30 to 6 : 30 pm / 10 : 30 am to 7 : 00 pm Contat Now :  HR Aakansha Mam Call No :  8424883542
Hiring for services technician;Kasento Engineers;Chennai;0-1 Years;Not Specified;JOB ROLEServices technician for vacancy : 1Qualification : Diplamo (EEE)Salary : 1 lac to 1.2 Lac per anm Exp : 0 - 1Two wheeler must with driving license Work location : saligramam chennaiFresher also welcome
CNC Operator;Diraa HR Services;Coimbatore;0-1 Years;Not Specified;CNC Programmer Responsibilities: Reading and interpreting technical blueprints and design models. Loading raw materials into the CNC machine. Inputting the product design into the computer modeling software. Choosing and loading the correct cutting tools for the job. THANKS AND REGADSMONICA HR6385267125
HUGE VACANCY FOR ABROAD JOBS IN SINGAPORE;Diraa HR Services;Coimbatore;0-5 Years;Not Specified;WARM GREETINGS DEAR CANDIDATES WE HAVE A JOB VACANCY IN SINGAPORE, . CANDIDATES WHO ARE HIGHLY INTERESTED CAN APPLY FOR THIS GOLDEN OPPORTUNITIES TO BRIGHTEN UP YOUR CAREER. *SALARY DEPENDS ON EXPERIENCE. ACCOMMODATION, TRANSPORTATION, ALL THINGS ARE PROVIDED BY THE COMPANY.  PASSPORT ARE ACCEPTABLE. *WITHIN 45-50 WORKING DAYS WHOLE PROCESS WILL BE DONE. IF YOU ARE INTERESTED KINDLY SEND YOUR UPDATED CV AND SCAN COPY OF YOUR PASSPORT ON THIS MAIL ID. Sub Roles :MECHANICAL ENG,CIVIL ENG,EEE,ECE, STORE, PURCHASE (ANY DEGREE) Max Experience : 17 yrs Min Experience : 0 yrs Contact person - Manikandan HRContact number - 9944609376
Software Engineer Developer;One Degree North Human Resource;Bengaluru / Bangalore;2-5 Years;250000-1550000;If you are interested in the below mentioned companies, CONTACT HR ESHWAR VISHWANATH Call (or) Ping in Whatsapp at 7483294242 Feel free to contact me at anytime!!! This is the right time to get in NO REGISTRATION FEE!!! NO CONTRACT BASICS!!! To Apply Give A Call (or) Ping In Whatsapp For The Further Details At ANYTIME!! VIMAAN ROBOTICS Eligibility - BS or MS degree in Computer science or equivalent with 2 years experience in software development. Shift - Rotational shift Salary - No limit ( 20-30% hike will be given) Location - Marathahalli Role - software engineer Age - No limit.
Call NEHA 6362028414 Immidiate joining in voice process Walkin wth Resume Walkout wth offer letter;Job Shop;Bengaluru / Bangalore;0-5 Years;150000-560000;"Offers in International Bpos - CALL NEHA 6362028414 o Bcp Background Verification Process Uk shift with fixed Sat/Sun off Fresher 15k, Exp 22k Call NEHA 6362028414 *Freshers and Experienced welcome. *Any Graduate/under grad Freshers will be paid 15 to 18 take home + 5000 incentive Fixed off on Saturday / Sunday *Experienced Ctc 3.8 lacs (24k Take Home + 5k Incentives) *Hurry Very few openings, immediate joining ****************************** o Expedia Travel Process Apac, Emea, Us shifts - Fresher 18k, Exp 22k *International Voice Process, hiring 10th std also. Call NEHA 6362028414 *Salary : Take Home 22,000 + 600 Bonus + 2 way cabs (Australian & Us Shifts) + 0 - 8000 incentive ********************* Mega Opening for Voice and Semi-voice Freshers & experience 24/7 o Expedia Uk Process Fresher 16k experience 21k o Expedia Air Fresher 18k experience 24k o Hiring for Major Non Voice programs with salary of 14 to 18k Sal : 24000 Take Home + 20000 Joining Bonus + 2Cab + incentives (Us/Uk/Austalian Shift Available) Education qualification: Any Graduates/Diploma holders, 2nd puc ************ ********* ******** ******** Wns Fixed Uk Shifts with Fixed Sat/Sun Off (Graduates only) Take home 25 to 27k + 5k incentives Call NEHA 6362028414 We have urgent openings for one of our premium client in insurance domain. Freshers and Experienced welcome. Any Graduate Freshers will be paid 15 to 18 take home + 5000 incentive Fixed off on Saturday / Sunday Experienced Ctc 3.8 lacs (24k Take Home + 5k Incentives) Hurry Very few openings, immediate joining ************** ************** ******** ********* ***************** Regalix: Google add process 5 days work Sat Sunday fixed off Us rotational shift Salary: up to 4 lac Immediately joining ***************** ************** ******************* ************* ******************** Call NEHA 6362028414 Hiring Aegis Ajio Eng + Hindi - Only Day sift with 5 day working with 2 way cab, Fresher 15k Exp 22k - Whitefield Ajio (Day Shift) - Designation: Sr. Operations Executive (Below Job description) - E-Commerce ? Exceptional English communication skills ? Fluent Hindi (Preferable North Indian candidates ? Minimum Qualification - (10+2) Pass {Engineering graduates are also welcome} ? Freshers are welcome & Candidates with E-Commerce Expereice preferred ? Open to work 5 days in a week. ? Cab facilities provided both pickup and drop. Compensation Details for Freshers/ experienced - Starts from 15000/- Ctc Pm up to Maximum 25000/- Ctc Pm (Depending on Communication skill) Kind Note: Work Location will be in White Field and cab facilities will be provided within 18 Kms Radius City Limits. \ ************** ************** ******** ********* ***************** Tele performance Digital Officer Voice Process Day Shift 3 lac ctc Call , fixed Sunday off Take Home 23,000 (Day Shift) Any Graduate / Undergraduate /Fresher Can apply. ? Day shift (9:30 to 6:30pm) . ? 6 days working; ? Language:- English and Hindi. Excellent Communication. ? Location: -Bengaluru.(Whitefield) For more Details Call NEHA 6362028414 ************** *************** ************ *************** Current Hiring For Tech Sales Agents (Inbound Usa Process high Power Tech Support Voice & Semi Voice Salary from 15k to 20k Description: Customer Care Executive, Tech Sales, Bpo, International Voice Process, Call Center, Usa Inbound Calls 1) Fresher/Experience 2) Good communication skills 3) 2 way Cab and 3 time Meal provided 4) Only 5 days working 5) In-house Gateway Shift: Night (Usa) Location: Bangalore Salary: 30K Ctc / Min 15K to 60K Incentive Qualifications: Graduate/Under Graduate - Any Specialization For More Details Call  NEHA 6362028414 ***************** ******************** Call NEHA 6362028414 Hiring for (sales & customer service) Bpo Jobs Sal up to 5lacs ********************** ********************* Day Shift Jobs - Call NEHA 6362028414 Exellar technology: Utility sales 5 days’ work fixed Australia shift salary up to 4lac 1 way cab Swiggy Eng + Hindi - Non Voice & Escalation Desk Ctc upto 4.5 lacs one way cab Silk Board Tele performance Eng + Hindi - Digital Relationship Manager 9 6 Job with Fixed Sunday off Mba Fresher 17k, Grad with Exp 23k Take Home Whitefield Flipkart Eng + Hindi - Graduates Fresher 18k Exp 24k Kudlu Gate Electronics City No Broker Eng + Hindi - Fresher 15k Expupto 24k Sarjapur Road Big Basket Eng + Regional Languages Fresher 14k Exp 19k Koramangala / Bypanahalli Tele performance Digital Officer Fresher 14k Exp 18k – Whitefield Bank of Baroda - Fresher 14k Exp 19k whitefield Toyota Graduate Fresher 14k Exp 19k Commercial Street State Bank of India - Graduate Fresher 14k Exp 19k Commercial Street Domestic Process from 8k to 15k Take home all languages Call NEHA 6362028414 TO schedule your interview Or Whats Up Me"
Associate Product Manager;IDC Technologies Solutions India Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;3-7 Years;Not Specified;"ARE YOU READY TO WORK AT ALTISOURCE? - Do you have a passion for finding innovative ways to leverage technology to solve business problems? - Are you ready for a critical role working with a team of talented and enthusiastic business and technology professionals? - Are you ready to work for a successful, growing and proven company where ownership, accountability and performance are rewarded? If so, nice to meet you. We are looking for an experienced and innovative Ass Product manager, reporting directly to the head of our Enterprise Solutions Business Analysis and Program Management team. If you are up for the challenge, keep reading! As a Product Owner, you will be responsible for working with business partners to identify the business requirements that will drive technology solutions that help solve business problems. WHAT YOULL DO:  Work with business partners to capture As Is state and define To Be state that will deliver business objectives. Translate the To Be state into business epics Perform research and analysis to define feature and functional requirements and translate to detailed user stories Create/revise analysis artifacts and deliverables for user stories including process maps, business rules, user flows, and acceptance tests Build a well-groomed backlog and participate in Kanban/Scrum planning. THE SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE YOU BRING:  B.S. or equivalent in Computer Science, Computer Engineering or similar. MBA welcomed but not required. 5+ years in business analysis; 3+ years as product owner in an agile (SCRUM) development process. Experience with BPM and RPA technologies is a plus. Relevant industry experience. Strong strategic, analytical and critical thinking skills; ability to break down complex problems and formulate plans. Proven ability to collaborate broadly with flexible, positive attitude and ability to get results. Exceptional oral and written communication skills; ability to communicate to the senior executive level WORKING AT ALTISOURCE ADVANTAGES: Prosperity: - Competitive salary based on your experience and skills - we believe the top talent deserves the top rupee - Bonus Potential - if you go above and beyond, you should be rewarded Good Health : - Comprehensive insurance plans like Medical, Personal Accident Benefit and Life Insurance - Wellness Programs (examples include eye examination, diabetes checkup camp, hemoglobin check and health talks) Happiness : - 10 paid holidays, plus 26 paid days off per year - Lots of employee engagement activities both offsite (examples include family cricket/football games, annual company celebrations and happy hours) and onsite (examples include office stress buster events, holiday parties, and quarterly Living our Values celebrations) - Opportunities to join our community service initiatives, including Habitat for Humanity Are you up to the challenge? What are you waiting for? Apply today! We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status."
Service Desk Analyst;VDart Software Services Private Limited;United Arab Emirates;1-5 Years;Not Specified;Technologist to respond to L1 Troubleshooting issues over calls (Voice process) Technologist to respond to the incidents / issues reported by Customer predominantly through Voice Interaction and also through email, chat & remote support. Technologist to identify, investigate and diagnose the issue and take necessary action viz resolves or assigns the issue to right assignment group. Technologist to capture all incidents in incident tracker tool and assign the cases to relevant assignment group as per process and ensures proper documentation. Provides resolution to customer based on in scope processes Follows the incident life cycle as defined by process viz logging the incident with proper priority, categorization and documentation, performs follow up on all necessary incidents as defied in process with customer to ensure timely closure. Technologist constantly upgrades his technical, process and soft skills to achieve the client and internal quality scores with CSAT scores, resolution on call and customer service scores. Assists with monitoring and tracking incidents to ensure resolution occurs within the customer Service Level Agreement. Performs incident notification and escalation to ensure problems/request/issues are communicated effectively and receiving proper management attention.
Structural Designers;Career Axes Engineering Services;Chennai;5-10 Years;Not Specified;Checking of deliverables (incl. 3D model), IDC, interfacing between engineering and drafting, and work planning, approx. 5-8 years Work flow: Knowledge of EPC company work processes related to civil and structural engineering company, inter discipline work flow during basic or detail engineering Training : AutoCAD, Microstation, TEKLA, PDS and PDMS , SP3D(preferable) Technical ability : RCC and steel structure detailing (both welded and bolted), PDS modeling, 2D drawing extraction, interfacing between TEKLA and PDS, MTO generation, development of details for drafting, review of drawings and estimation of RCC & steel quantities
Civil Engineer, Site engineer, Construction engineer, Diploma Civil, Site supervisor, Civil engg, jobs.;null;Mumbai, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-2 Years;Not Specified;Civil Engineer, Site engineer, Construction engineer, Diploma Civil, Site supervisor, Civil engg, jobs.9619792920 Salary Offered:-10000 to 25000 Per month Qualification : Degree  and Diploma Experience:- Fresher to 6 month of experience as preferred Location:-thane / sion / titwala / andheri / mira rd / kandiwali / vashi / panvel / navi mumbai FACILITY - PF + MEDICAL FACILITY Gender:- Male preferred Age :-Above 18 yrs Shift Time :-10: 00 am - 6:00 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly of :-Sunday Interview Time:- 11:00 am - 4:00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person:-ARTI Contact Details:-Click To Call HR:
mall job ,cashier Counter Sales,Retail sales, Sales staff  promoter, fresher  9769523893;null;Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-2 Years;Not Specified;mall job ,cashier Counter Sales, Counter sales Executive, Retail sales, Sales staff, Sales executive, mall jobs 9769523893 Qualification : 10th& 12th pass fresher candidate can apply for this job salary : 12000 to 15000 per month Location : thane , ghatkoper , malad , mirard , vashi , kamote , kalyan , andheri , bhivandi , sakinaka Shift Time :-9: 30 am - 6:30 pm (day shift) Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly of :-Sunday Gender:- Male & Female preferred Age :18 to 35 limit Interview Time:- 11:00 am - 4:00 pm | Monday to Friday Contact Details:-Click To Call HR:-9769523893 Job Opening:-Limited Vacancy
Technical Support Engineer - Call Lily -7506940215;Equations Placements;Pune;2-7 Years;Not Specified;Dear Candidates, Warm Greetings from Equations Placements  Job Description: Candidate Profile- Any Graduate - with Technical Experience Excellent verbal skills in English Language. SERVER knowledge is must. Excellent knowledge of Exchange Server 2007/2010, Active Directory & Operating Systems Network troubleshooting and should be well versed with Microsoft Office Outlook 2003/2007/2010. Flexible with 24/7 Environment. Troubleshooting issues related to MS products (Windows, Essentials, Office). Server support operates on callback model where the cases are created for the customers and the engineers talk to the customers . They require assistance with troubleshooting on 2003,2008, 2008r2, SCCM, SCMON, Win XP, Vista, Win7, Exchange 2007, IIS, ISA Working/knowledge of Microsoft Windows NT Server and/or Windows 2000 Server and Windows NT Workstation and/or Windows 2000 Professional Understanding of Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, System Set up,System Performance and Domain Environment, Boot Process (Backup Process, Types Of Backup, Hyper-V Type 1 & Type Job Summary Locations Pune Experience 1 - 3 years Keywords / Skills Technical Support Engineer, Tech Support,  Admin support, IT Support, SERVER , Troubleshooting , Technical Support Executive, Helpdesk Engineer Function Customer Service/ Call Centre/BPO,IT Role Technical Support Executive ( voice), Technical Support Representative (Non- voice), Technical Support Engineer Industry  ITES/BPO 
Hardware Engineer, Network Engineer Desktop Support Engineer 9819440172;null;Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-3 Years;Not Specified;Hardware Engineer, Network Engineer Desktop Support Engineer 9819440172 Salary Offered:-12000 to 25000 Per month Education :-Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) / (Diploma) Bachelor of Engineering (B.E.) mandatory Specializations in Electrical or Electronics/Telecommunication preferred Experience:-fresher & 6 month of experience as Electronics Engineer in Electronics / Electrical preferred MEET HR- TEJAL-8425014502 location:-thane / sion / vashi / dadar / andheri / mira rd / virar / vasai / belapur / navi mumbai / goregaon Age :-Above 18 yrs Gender:- Male & Female preferred Shift Time :-9: 30 am - 6:30 pm (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly off :-sunday, Interview Time:- 11:00 am - 4:00 pm | Monday to Friday
Sales Engineer_Bangalore, Pune;Powercam Electricals Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Pune;2-7 Years;300000-600000;To sale Standoff Insulators and other panel accessories of LOW VOLTAGE Electrical Panels.Responsible for Bangalore / Pune market Communication between dealers and end customers.Collecting payment in time.Looking after new market/opportunity.Daily visit to dealers/customers
we have immediate opening  with Accenture  Full time mode for Bangalore location Greeting;EApps Technologies;Bengaluru / Bangalore;6-15 Years;Not Specified;Detailed Job description about the role: Purpose of the role: ? Leads project teams to advise, innovate and transform the IT landscape of clients. And also responsible for supporting the end to end sales cycle including the origination of opportunities, development of proposals, client presentations Below is the Job Description: ? Lead one or more project teams to enable the client to realize business value from latest technologies ? Help our clients navigate/ harness disruption within the context of their industry ? Build and sustain trusted advisor relationship with clients, and shape our clients’ business/ IT agenda ? Grow Accenture TC business, develop market leading capabilities and provide thought leadership in technology consulting services ? Mentor practice team members and lead practice growth initiatives Experience and Knowledge ? Experience of driving large scale digital transformations ? Experience working with one or more of the following industries – Lifesciences, Consumer Goods, Retail ? Experience in multiple full lifecycle implementations of SAP( FICO), Oracle( Cloud Finance) ? One or more certifications related to Salesforce cloud process – Sales, Service, Community, Admin and any Architect Level certifications ? Demonstrated client facing experience ? Demonstrated experience selling consulting work ? Crafting a value proposition ? Experience in responding to RFP, RFI from clients Skills and Attributes ? Analytical and problem solving skills ? Ability to create innovative solutions to key business challenges ? Stakeholder management and relationship building skills ? Ability to foresee and mitigate risk ? Exceptional written and verbal communication skills ? Exceptional storytelling and presentation skills ? Program/ project/ resource management skills ? Able to manage multiple parallel initiatives/projects Qualifications ? Bachelor’s degree in Science,  Technology, Engineering or Mathematics ? Masters degree in Business Administration from a top school ? Work Location: Bangalore If interested request you to share me your updated resume and best time to call you for further discussions. Please forward the same to your friends and colleagues who are looking for new opportunity.
Chemical Plant Operator - 2 Yrs Exp Must - Atchutapuram (vizag);TeamLease Services Private Limited;Visakhapatnam;1-9 Years;Not Specified;JOB DETAILS: ?Operation of plant in the field and with the help of DCS/PLC ?Operation of packing machines ?Maintain all documents and records ?Maintain highest level of safety , housekeeping and environment in the plant ?Provide support to Engg team for erection and commissioning of the production equipment during project stage ?Ensure quality parameter of the product ?Maintain health of equipment through autonomous maintenance
Linux C/C++ developer, Bucharest;Luxoft India Llp;India;;Not Specified;Project Description Founded in 1984, Our Client is the worlds leading provider of lithography systems for the semiconductor industry, manufacturing complex machines that are critical to the production of integrated circuits or chips. The client has its R&D and manufacturing operations in The Netherlands. Luxoft is currently searching to augment the Development & Engineering Department with a talented software engineer to design and implement embedded software for systems among the highest precision ever produced in the world. Responsibilities As a software engineer at the client site, you will be working Linux server applications for metrology components, complex algorithms application software. You will be working with electrical engineers, mechatronic engineers and system engineers to define the software requirements. After that, you will be making a software design and document it using UML. All this is discussed and reviewed with your software team. A team of about 10 people consisting of a team lead, a sw architect, a few senior developers and a few junior developers. After your sw design is approved you are responsible for implementing the design in C++ for new modules. Auto and unit testers are written in Python. After that is all reviewed you can go ahead and download the code to one of our lithography machines (which vary in price between 5 and 100 million dollars) and test the code. During the testing, you will collect the necessary data so you can write a test report. This test report is then reviewed and when it is approved your software will be released. In a matter of days, our customers will now be running with your software. The development environment is Red Hat Linux, execution environment is Wind River Linux. The software release driving a client machine is 40 million lines of code. Client sw teams work in various modes such as Agile and SAFE. Skills Must C++ programming experience on Linux platforms Linux coding debugging experience (gdb, valgrind) Python scripting experience with formal software quality through code review, static code analysis, unit testing, test automation Excellent problem-solving and analytical skills Excellent communication skills A passion for programming and software engineering Experience or proven ability in computational algorithms Experience or proven ability in technical specifications Experience or proven ability in designing complex software architecture good communication skills, pro-activeness, team player attitude Nice to have AGILE way of working Languages English: Intermediate
Sr QA Engineer;MVK Consultants;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;4-7 Years;700000-1200000;A person with a BS in Computer Science or a related area, or with relevant work experience Someone who has 4+ years of experience as a QA Automation Engineer, Software Development Engineer in Test (SDET), Software Developer, or similar Automation role Experienced designing test structures that are easily maintainable, resilient, performant and scalable Able to write clean, modular, reusable code using design patterns A QA engineer who writes thorough tests that cover edge cases with appropriate ROI for velocity and quality Passionate about mentoring Software Developers in writing unit and integration tests that deliver impactful automation improving velocity and quality A mentor for QA Engineers and/or QA Automation Engineers(SDETs) on writing and implementing automation. Great at identifying and analyzing the root cause of complex bugs in your code as well as others? code Well-versed with incrementally validating investments in innovative solutions for your team?s automation A person who actively gains deep product knowledge to help them write better automation. A quality champion who advocates testability through code reviews, design reviews, and influencing others with compelling data A person who has experience with test frameworks such as Cucumber , TestNG Proficient in one or more of the following technologies: RESTful APIs, gRPC, or Selenium Webdriver automation with Java, Python or other object-oriented languages Technologies like Jenkins, Git, Docker, Unix commands, shell scripts, AWS, gRPC RabbitMQ, and machine learning Validating ideas by performing experiments and analyzing the results Leveraging exploratory testing to detect issues such as bug, performance, and security risk. Participating in working groups to improve all of Engineering Collaborating with smart people who help you grow Providing a great candidate experience through interviewing Proactively engaging in all testing efforts including unit testing, load testing, end-to-end testing, validation testing, user acceptance testing, security scanning, and penetration testing.
Order To Cash / Collection / Accounts Receivable / Deduction / Cash flow / P2P / R2R / balance sheet;Inspiration Manpower Consultancy Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Immediate Requirement Variance analysis RECONCILE bank and balance sheet Budget forecasting/bills exchange, cash flow forecast, Consolidation of financial statement Preparation of AR /AP Aging reports Fixed assets Depreciation Prep and processing of journal entries AP/AR process MGT Order to cash, cash flow, o2c cycle. Invoice posting and prep of trial balance Maintenance of all ledger accounts Qualification: Graduates / Undergraduates / Post Graduates Can Apply. Experience: 0 to 6 years  experience. Shifts: Us / UK / Australian / Day shift Contact person: Nithya - 9900073504Email @: [HIDDEN TEXT]
Civil Engineer;Career Axes Engineering Services;Chennai;7-14 Years;Not Specified;ob Description Atkins (a member of the SNC Lavalin Group) has provided unrivalled technical expertise and support to the oil and gas industry for more than three decades. Our highly skilled teams are leading technical developments across the globe. We combine innovation, ingenuity and best practice through all our services. We are committed to excellence in the delivery of first-class solutions, technical excellence and respect for the environment. Due to our continuing expansion we are inviting Offshore Structural Engineers to join our Structural Integrity Management (SIM) team. Our SIM team is involved in advanced structural analyses and integrity management of fixed offshore structures. This is a great opportunity for talented engineers to gain technical experience within an internationally renowned consultant delivering projects around the globe. To fill our current openings, we are inviting talented engineers with 10-15 years of experience (Senior Engineer) to join our SIM team with the following responsibilities and requirements: Core Responsibilities ? Act as Technical Lead on projects with responsibility of delivery to organization and project quality delivery requirements ? Support in the preparation of technical proposals and man-hour estimates ? Effective communication of results and conclusions to clients, either through presentations or reports ? Supervise and Guide Graduate Engineers while performing structural analyses ? Undertake and Check strength, fatigue and ultimate analysis of fixed offshore structures ? Undertake hand calculations to supplement and refine analysis package generated code checks and structural behaviors. Core Requirements ? B.Sc. or Equivalent in Structural / Civil, Mechanical, Marine or Offshore engineering ? 10-15 years of experience within the Oil and Gas industry (Offshore Structures) ? Thorough understanding of Structural Theories (including Structural Dynamics, Non-linear Material Behavior and Finite Element Methods) ? Experience in performing strength, fatigue and pushover analyses ? Familiar with ISO 19902, API RP 2A, AISC-365 and DNV recommended practices ? Experienced in using SESAM, USFOS and SACS analysis Packages Desirable Technical Requirements ? M.Sc. or Equivalent in Structural, Mechanical, Marine or Offshore engineering ? Chartered Engineer or working towards chartership ? Experience in performing accidental impact, time-history, detailed finite element assessments ? Experience in Integrity Management of Structures, Life extension and Risk Based Inspections ? Experience in using ABAQUS and/or ANSYS Finite Element Analysis Packages
Hiring For Desktop Support Engineer For Delhi Location.;IDC Technologies Solutions India Private Limited;Delhi, Delhi NCR;1-5 Years;50000-200000;Job Description Dear All, We are Hiring for Desktop Support Engineer for Delhi location. Role : Desktop Support Engineer CTC : 18K Location : Okhla Eduaction : Any Graduate / 3yrs Diploma. Experience : 1 - 3 yrs Job description : Desktop Support Engineer, Ticket handling, troublesooting, hardware diagnosis, IBM notes configuration, cytrix support, laptop dyployment, Pc swapping, win 10 migration, Remote support , Desktop hardware & software troubleshooting, Outlook Configuration, DNS, DHCP, Active directory. For More Details Contact @ Pushp Ranjan Tiwari Email : [HIDDEN TEXT] Salary: INR 50,000 - 2,00,000 PA. Industry: Functional Area: , , Role Category: Technical Support Role: Customer Support Engineer/Technician Employment Type: Full Time, Permanent
Analyst;IDC Technologies Solutions India Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;2-4 Years;Not Specified;Your responsibilities include but not limited to: Set-up data acquisition and transformation process, and share optimized data assets to BI teams for Reporting or database ingestion Engaging with stakeholders at all stages of the data engineering lifecycle, planning, designing and building BI solutions for each piece of demand, sourcing new data feeds or using shared data assets, writing code, and building the ETL Act as a SME, collaborate with extended team to ensure final product is delivered Translating business requirements into conceptual and detailed technology solutions Collaborating with third-party vendors and internal teams What you ll bring to the role : Developing highly scalable and flexible data sets for reporting & analytics Design, develop, test and maintain architectures Documenting architecture at multiple levels (high-level to detailed)  Minimum requirements Expert experience with data acquisition and ETL tools (i.e. SQL, Alteryx, Informatica, Python, R) Experience with databases such Cloud Databases in Azure/ AWS/ Google Cloud and On Premise in SQL/Oracle In-depth knowledge of digital technologies such as RPA Proficiency in MS Excel Strong experience with data transformation & ETL on large data sets Data Modeling experience (i.e. Relational, Dimensional, Columnar, Big Data) Experience with Reporting Technologies QlikSense, RShiny (desirable) Must be self-managed, proactive and customer focused
Devops Engineer;ILabz Technology LLP;Bengaluru / Bangalore;4-8 Years;Not Specified;Hello, Greetings from Ilabz Technology…!!! Immediate openings for Devops Engineer @ Bangalore Experience: 4+ Yrs Locations:Bangalore Notice period: Immediate to 15 days NP ONLY JD: Dockers & Kubernates:  • Setup, Maintain and Upgrade cloud networks for production landscapes • Cloud Infrastructure setup, logging ,monitoring and maintenance • Cloud migration of legacy systems from on-prem • Optimization of cloud resources • Security configuration, compliance and monitoring • Administrate different service offerings , like GKE etc • Application support – Artifactory/ Travis • Support containerized infrastructure environment for external customers • Development of deployment suit • Coordination with MC and Cloud vendors • Automation skillset • Very good in documentation 
Sr.Mongo DB aDMIN;Banctec Tps India Private Limited;Pune;3-12 Years;Not Specified;Roles and Responsibilities of an Administrator  €¢ Install, configure, troubleshoot, and maintain a Mongo DB on physical and virtual machines.  €¢ Experience and knowledge with MongoDB on Linux platform.  €¢ Backup and restores, Export and Import of Data to and From MongoDB,  €¢ Develop and implement Defragmentation strategies and Index rebuilds  €¢ Monitoring Database Health checks, Database Profiling, Locks, Memory Usage, No of connections, page fault, Disk usage, CPU, Memory check Alerting, etc.  €¢ Automate routine tasks with your own Shell scripts and open-source tools  €¢ Good Understanding and experience with MongoDB Replication and Sharding.  €¢ Work with development team for schema designing and database performance tuning  €¢ Create roles and users and set their permissions.  €¢ Understand and optimize query performance.  €¢ Experience and knowledge with CRUD Operations would be added advantage
Subject Matter Expert (Rotational Shift);Centaur Recruiters;Delhi;1-5 Years;150000-360000;• Subject Matter Experts need to provide solutions, following the defined guideline up to Graduation level. • Good Time management skills and ability to work with Deadlines. • Earning potential will be as good as your speed of providing high quality solutions . • Work from Office (Full Time) Desired Candidate Profile: • Excellent Subject Knowledge. • Good command over written English. • Education Qualification – Graduate/Postgraduate. Subjects Available: PCMB 1 Physics 2 Chemistry 3 Math/Calculus 4 Biology Business 1 Accounting 2 Economics 3 Operations Management 4 Statistics & Probability  Engineering/Advanced Subjects 1 Advanced Math 2 Advanced Physics 3 Chemical Engineering Working Time: • Rotational Shift • 7 days working (2 Rotational Off) • Shift Allowance + Pick & Drop Service (For Night Shift) Selection Rounds: • Online Objective Test • Language Assessment Exam • Face-to-Face Interview
Safety Manager;Metro Jobs Consultants;Delhi, Noida;8-12 Years;Not Specified;Safety Manager Qualification: - Graduate Industries: - Construction /Infra Job Description To successfully manage, plan and direct all aspects of the Project(s) including assisting clients and partners in the technology deployment thereby ensuring its profitable, timely and cost effective completion while ensuring quality of work and healthy client relations WITH THE OBJECTIVE OF preserving the company image and securing further work. Be the Subject Matter Expert in the area of expertise Interested Candidate Please send their updated Resume & Call on this Number 7827036029/011-46107515 & ([HIDDEN TEXT]) With Regards, MJC (P) LTD Contact Number: - 9990725507, 7827036029 & 011-46107515
Technical Officer;IDC Technologies Solutions India Private Limited;Pune;5-10 Years;Not Specified;Job Description  Organize and monitor all technical activities for various projects and ensure compliance to all objectives and prepare appropriate budgets and coordinate with various staff to ensure customer satisfaction.  Prepare and maintain project budgets and ensure compliance to all project schedule and ensure optimal customer satisfaction.  Monitor and provide expert knowledge on all tests and technologies and perform all system level engineering services to develop hardware and software for systems and ensure adherence to all product designs and project requirements.  Determine all design philosophy and ensure consistency for same on projects and participate in various events to maintain knowledge on latest technologies and investment.  Administer and ensure optimal utilization of all company resources to increase growth and develop various new products for services to maintain effective growth.  Monitor all equipments and tools and complete all projects within required timeframe and ensure optimal quality standards for same and monitor efficient working of multiple projects.  Coordinate with company project engineers and achieve all company objectives and assist HR department to recruit and train engineering staff.  Maintain all information of patients confidential and assist to fill all patient forms according to required policies.  Assist departments and coordinate various engineering practices to reduce cost and improve quality of projects.  Desired Candidate Profile  Proven experience as a TO or similar leadership role  Knowledge of technological trends to build strategy  Understanding of budgets and business-planning  Ability to conduct technological analyses and research  Excellent communication skills  Leadership and organizational abilities  Strategic thinking  Problem-solving aptitude
Identity & Access Management Consultants { Microsoft IAM };Aayam Consultants;Bengaluru / Bangalore, Chennai;2-4 Years;500000-700000;"Position: Identity & Access Management Consultants { Microsoft IAM } Company- inspirisys Solution www.inspirisys.com Client location- Bangalore\ Chennai or Onsite Exp- 2-4 yrs Budget- as per industry Skills - IAM {Identity & Access management},- Microsoft IAM\Azure AD\ADFS Responsibility This opening is in The Information Security & Technology Risk {ITSR} department. IAM consultants will carry out key Identity & Access management task like -provisioning/ deprovisioning / access review and rectification, role management, access request support, audit report and other access related activities. Experience required:- Excellent Experience in Identity & Access management tools. Good understating of role Engineering techniques. Adequate knowledge of information security Concepts and Domains, primarily in Access Control. Knowledge and Experience in running in running Information security risk program. In-depth knowledge of mixed operation systems like-Window, UNIX and AS400. Good knowledge on Security Concepts and Domains. Role require Access control, Identity management, least Privilege, Risk management and Audit. Accountable for Access management operation process such as Joiner / Leaves/Transfers Operational security support for Systems and 3rd party Application Access control Systems Adherence to strict security procedures and Company security pollicises and Standard. Cordination with other business units for operational work Support Audit and compliance activities. Project management support. Application on Boarding, Automation and Integration support services for existing application Skill required 2-4 yrs of IT exp. Covering Systems, Security and network administration. Very good knowledge and understanding of Identity and Access management fundamentals & technologies. Excellent knowledge of role management techniques. Through Knowledge of IAM Tools- Microsoft IAM\Azure AD\ADFS Working knowledge of development technology, which help in automation will be an advantage Advance to work with multiple stakeholders. Advance skill on MS Excel alongside good IT skills particularly Outlook, word Excellent Communication Skills and preparing PowerPoint presentation Ability to delve into details. See if it suits u, Share Ur C.V. with details like:- 1. Ctc- 2. Expectation – 3. Notice period – 4. Location pref.:-   regards, Rajesh Kumar Aayam consultants cell-9311232179 / 7011595674 ; land line- 011-29258011 [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Service Desk - F2F Interview on 8 Jan - Chennai Location;IDC Technologies Solutions India Private Limited;Chennai;1-4 Years;50000-250000;Job Description Dear Candidate, This is Venkat, I have a opportunity with CMS IT for Service Desk from 1 - 3 years of experience at Chennai Location on 8th Jan. Only who can able come for F2F Interview can apply. Kindly find the below requirement details for your reference. Skill: Service Desk Experience: 1 - 4 years Location: Chennai Interview: Face to Face Notice Period : Max 15 days Date : 8th Jan (Wednesday) Interested candidates kindly share your CV along with the following details to [HIDDEN TEXT] Skill applied: Current company: Current Location: Exp: CTC: Expected ctc: Notice period: Contact Number: All the best..!!! Regards, Venkat Salary: INR 50,000 - 2,50,000 PA. Industry: / Functional Area: , Role Category: Admin/Maintenance/Security/Datawarehousing Role: System Administrator Employment Type: Full Time, Permanent
Assistant Manager/Manager - FP&A (Costing);Banctec Tps India Private Limited;Chennai;5-10 Years;700000-1000000;The candidate should have experience in the following areas....  Should have strong accounting knowledge   Collect cost information and maintain an expenses database   Construct data accumulation systems   Analyse and report profit margins for all customers   Prepare budgeting reports (for the company and for each department)   Prepare (monthly, quarterly and annual) cost forecasts   Assisting in month-end and year-end closing   Identify and recommend cost-effective solutions   Thorough knowledge of accounting procedures   Experience with accounting software, like Tally, EPICOR, SAP by D & Essbase   Computer literacy, MS Excel in particular (familiarity with VLOOKUPs and pivot tables)   Excellent analytical skills with an attention to detail   Integrity, with an ability to handle confidential information  EXPERIENCE: Minimum of 5 to 10 years in Financial Planning & Analysis  EDUCATION:  • Bachelors / Master in Commerce, Bachelors in Engineering / Science & Post graduation in Business Studies with major in Finance (OR) • CA / ICWA – inter Kindly share your profile to [HIDDEN TEXT] or  can be reached on 9384065558 Regards,Kishan Babu.
we have immediate opening for Sap Fico with Accenture  Full time mode for Bangalore location;EApps Technologies;Bengaluru / Bangalore;6-15 Years;Not Specified;"Job description: Purpose of the role Consultant collaborates with clients to advise, innovate, architect and transform their technology landscape leveraging the latest technologies and industry specific platforms/ products/ solutions. Responsibilities ? Translate clients business goals/ challenges into technology roadmaps and architecture designs ? Conduct research, comprehend analyst reports, keep abreast of technology trends and identify applicability to clients’ business/ technology ecosystem ? Define enterprise blueprints that leverage emerging architecture patterns and industry/ functional solutions ? Partner with clients on business/ technology transformation programs; orchestrate the implementation of planned initiatives and realization of business outcomes Experience and Knowledge ? 5-8 years of relevant technology consulting experience ? Experience working in a cross functional environment ? Experience working with one or more of the following industries – Lifesciences, Consumer Goods, Retail ? Experience in multiple full lifecycle implementations of SAP(FICO), Oracle(Cloud Finance) ? One or more certifications related to Salesforce cloud process – Sales, Service, Community, Admin ? Experience of one or more of emerging technologies/ methodologies - Agile, DevOps, Artificial Intelligence, Automation, Blockchain, Cloud, Data/ Analytics and Security and IoT Academic Qualifications ? Bachelor’s degree in Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics ? Masters degree in Business Administration from a top school"
Mechanical Maintenance Manager;Metro Jobs Consultants;Gurgaon / Gurugram, Noida;5-10 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Maintenance Manager Qualification: - Diploma B. Tech Industries: - Manufacturing Job Description Schedule, train, supervise and motivate employees for the maintenance department Coordinate work performed by outside vendors Ensure efficient repair schedules and review repair cost estimates Prioritize the maintenance and repairs of company equipment and parts Control and monitor inventory Ensure that all vehicles are cleaned, fueled and in proper working order Implement safety policies and procedures for the department Interested Candidate Please send their updated Resume & Call on this Number 7827036029/011-46107515 & ([HIDDEN TEXT]) With Regards, MJC (P) LTD Contact Number: - 9990725507, 7827036029 & 011-46107515
High Demand Skill Works In Canada Hurry-UP;VJC Immigration & VISA Consultants Private Limited;Canada;3-12 Years;Not Specified;Limited PNP Seats for only Managers Closing PNP Submissions Limited files are only Accepted CANADA is calling you for New Entry 2020 Get your Canadian PR in 6 Months with Less IELTS Score. Hurry UP
Urgent openings for PHP Developer with Zend/Laravel framework;null;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;2-4 Years;Not Specified;Experience: 2-4 Years Qualification: Any Bachelor’s Degrees Job Location: Hyderabad Mandatory: immediate to 10 days joiner only. There will be 3 Levels of interviews (technical, managerial round & HR round face to face)  Responsibilities:• 2-4 years of software engineering experience in building multi-tier applications or websites. • Experience in ZEND Framework or any Framework will add Advantage. • Strong knowledge in PHP. • Working Knowledge of HTML, CSS, Twitter Bootstrap, JavaScript, JQuery and AJAX • JSON, XML, REST (beginner level understanding of Rest API) • Working knowledge on MySQL database • Good understanding of object-oriented concepts. • Proficient understanding of code versioning tools like Git • Willingness to work as a member of a team
Product Architect;Fluke Solutions;India;10-13 Years;Not Specified;Product Architect - FLU008630 About Us : Fluke - Corporate Profile Fluke Corporation is the world leader in the manufacture, distribution and service of electronic test tools and software. A wholly owned subsidiary of Fortive Corporation (NYSE:FTV, a Fortune 500 company), Fluke is a multi-national corporation headquartered in Everett, Washington, USA. Fluke Corporation has its presence in more than 100 countries and employs approximately 2,400 employees. Fluke Digital Systems is software development arm of Fluke corporation created specifically to address the growing software needs of the business. Fluke India Development Center (IDC) is currently hosted in India by Tektronix, which is also a wholly owned subsidiary of Fortive Corporation. Description :  Fluke IDC – Product Architect You will be joining a highly skilled, cross-functional team of talented engineers and researchers, with a strong emphasis on scientific computing. You will work as an Application Architect, leading the architecture, design and implementation of Accelix products across the entire portfolio, from infrastructure management, data processing, data access, integration and API management .  Responsibilities:   · Create a common understanding of solution concepts and architecture documentation and align delivery teams to be consistent with the target architecture. · Work with different stakeholders in defining a holistic strategy for developer experience inclusive of API protocols, definition, documentation, management, deployment, discovery and canonical models. · Shaping architecture for robust, reliable and high performance applications, considering functional and technical requirements. · Communicate with team members to clarify requirements and overcome obstacles to meet the team goals. · Provide troubleshooting and root cause analysis for production issues. · Take ownership of design and development for a product. · Drive up code quality. · Proven ownership and delivery of a sizable product or product component, strong sense of independence and self-direction is essential. · Availability for travel and flexible work hours to work with teams across time zones  Essential Technical Competencies  · 10+ years of hands-on technical architecture developing Cloud/IOT based Applications and test infrastructures, writing documentation and following an agile development methodology · Hands on experience using Java language · Some exposure to building native or hybrid mobile applications using frameworks such as React, Ionic, Cordova. · Agile Software Development experience with Kanban or Scrum. · Positive team player attitude with excellent verbal and written communication skills. · Proven experience in building secure, scalable and resilient systems. · Strong understanding of SOA and enterprise integration patterns. · Strong understanding of REST principles. · Strong understanding of asynchronous messaging communication styles. · Experience with Kafka and event-driven systems is a major benefit. · Experience with MQTT and Web Sockets is a major benefit. · Strong understanding of Functional or OOP patterns. · Strong understanding of database design. · Hands on Experience in designing data intensive applications · Experience in writing services based on Microservices architecture · Experience in redesigning and refactoring huge code base · Exposure to No SQL databases (Mongo, Cassandra or Dynamo DB) · Knowledge of internet standards and other technologies like HTML, HTTP, DOM, CSS, Ajax, SQL, NoSQL, including mobile-specific variations Good to have Technical competencies · Technical writing experience. · Hands on experience with JavaScript frameworks, building single page responsive and secure web applications usingReactandNodeJS. · Proven experience in working with AWS (preferably)or GCP or Azure. · Hands on experience using Java language · Hands on experience with JavaScript frameworks, building single page responsive and secure web applications using React and NodeJS. · Some exposure to building native or hybrid mobile applications using frameworks such as React, Ionic, Cordova. Qualifications :  Qualification:  • Bachelors or Master’s degree in Computer Science or related field. • Good Academic Records with > 60% marks and no gaps. Fortive Corporation Overview :  Fortive – Corporate Profile  Fortive is a diversified industrial growth company based in Everett, Washington, with 24,000 employees worldwide. Our strong portfolio is comprised of recognized, global leaders in attractive markets, and we generate more than $6B in annual revenue. Organization : Fluke Job : Engineering Primary Location : Asia-India-Karnataka-Bangalore Schedule : Full-time
Job Opportunity|| Cloud Service Engineer|| RTDS Pvt. Ltd.;IDC Technologies Solutions India Private Limited;Gurgaon / Gurugram;0-5 Years;Not Specified;Hiring Cloud Service Engineer for Real Time Data Services for Gurgaon location. Interested candidates can directly apply or send their cv at [HIDDEN TEXT]  I nterview timings: 2:00 PM-5:00 PM (Monday to Friday) Contact Person: Rupindar Kaur (TA Specialist) Venue: Real Time Data Services, AIHP Horizon, 4th Floor, Plot No.- 445, Udyog Vihar, Phase 5, Gurugram, Haryana 122015 Nearest Metro Station: IndusInd Bank (Rapid Metro) Land Mark: Behind Trident Hotel, Shankar Chowk, Gurgaon.  About RTDS: Real Time Data Services is a group of companies thriving in the domain of global information technology by serving clients in the field of Cloud Computing and Communication. The company empowers businesses across the globe with technology solutions that take care of their various operations. Our expertise in cloud computing & IT allows us to deliver solutions that simplify the business and enhance their performance. We provide the following services to our clients: Accounting and business applications on the cloud Server virtualization and consolidation solutions for building private clouds Cloud-based communication services to connect all employees and departments on any device Provide a lean, scalable, and cost-effective telecommunication solution to help businesses connect to the right people easily Headquartered in Gurugram, RTDS empowers businesses to move to cloud and delivers solutions to them. Established in 2010, RTDS holds a commendable reputation in cloud hosting of accounting software, business applications, and contact center solutions. RTDS has its data centers located in Chicago, Dallas, Seattle, and Phoenix to serve businesses over the globe. RTDS is serving more than 6000 Clients in USA, UK and India. We are a Microsoft Direct Partner under the CSP Program, Intuit authorized Commercial Hosting Provider and NASSCOM member since 2016. RTDS has also been Felicitated with User Favourite Award at AccountexUSA for QuickBooks Hosting.  Job Description:  Answering/Troubleshooting on technical queries and dealing in the US. Analysis, diagnosis and resolution of Application/Server issues on Windows Servers on our Cloud. Ensure customer satisfaction and perform quality work on all services requests Diagnose and quickly resolve a wide range of Windows and applications problems to help minimize downtime Managing user accounts on Servers/ Active Directory. Troubleshooting and Maintenance of Terminal Servers Deployment of service releases, patches, requests and customization  Skills & Attributes:  Male candidates preferred Excellent Communications skills to handle US Customers. Basic knowledge of Windows Server, Cloud Technology and Virtualization. Ability to work both independently and as part of a team.  Qualification: Graduation (B.Tech/B.sc Computers) , cut off 60% HSC % - cut off 60% SSC % - cut off 60% Required Candidate profile Looking to hire B.tech freshers.Experienced professionals having experience in handling technical support related to window servers, domain name servers and BHCP ( Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol).Basic qualification B.tech with minimum 60%Strong communication skills Comfortable working in night shift Perks and BenefitsAs per industry standards
CNC Operator;Diraa HR Services;Coimbatore;0-1 Years;160000-229999;CNC Programmer Responsibilities: Reading and interpreting technical blueprints and design models. Loading raw materials into the CNC machine. Inputting the product design into the computer modeling software. Choosing and loading the correct cutting tools for the job. THANKS AND REGADSMONICA HR6385267125
fitter Electrical Electrician Carpenter, welder , plumber ,Turner apprenticeship 8425014502;null;Noida, Mumbai City, Navi Mumbai, Thane;0-2 Years;Not Specified;fitter Electrical Electrician Carpenter, welder , plumber ,Turner apprenticeship Salary:-12000 To 25000 Per Month Qualification:-Diploma & ITI Pass Candidate Can Apply For This job Experience :-fresher candidate both can apply for this jobs Location:-thane vashi / andheri / wadala / panvel / ghtkoper / borivali Gender:- Male & Female preferred Shift Time :-10: 00 am - 6:30 pm (day shift) `Weekly Working Days :-6 Days Weekly of :-Sunday Interview Time:- 11:00 am - 4:00 pm | Monday to Friday Contact Person:-tejal -8425014502 Contact Details:-Click To Call HR 8425014502 MEET HR- Tejal-8425014502
Marketing Executive;Forever Placement Services;Delhi, Noida;0-5 Years;Not Specified;We are looking for sales/Marketing and Business development candidate Location :- Noida, Greater Noida and Delhi Salary :- 10K to 50K Exp :- 0 to 5yeras Skill :- Good Communication skill Basic knowledge Computer Job Description :- ? Lead Generation ? Interacting with people or specific segments or targets assigned by their managers ? It should be capable of public interaction and communication and generate potential leads. ? Follow up Calls on all leads generated by Sales Executives ? Corporate Tie-Ups ? Should be capable of leads closures ? Out-door Presentations ? has to follow his senior authorities. Interested candidate please share resume [HIDDEN TEXT] Contact us Aman By Whats up app:- 8373946272
HVAC, VRV, VRF Installer / Technician;Active Consultants;Mauritius;1-11 Years;Not Specified;Urgent requirement for leading Home Appliance distributors : HVAC/VRV/AC installation - 20 Nos HVAC/VRV/AC technician (who can find and repair faults) - 20 Nos   Shortlisted candidates need to attend interview very shortly in Mumbai
Assistant Project Manager Civil;Metro Jobs Consultants;Gurgaon / Gurugram, Noida;5-10 Years;Not Specified;Assistant Project Manager Civil Qualification: - Diploma B .Tech B.E Industries: - Construction Job Description Detail oriented, dedicated, and highly motivated civil project with in-depth research, analysis, and customer care experience. Solid analytical, communication interpersonal, pro blem solving and critical thinking skills Seeking to work in an environment that will challenge and expand upon the abilities and skills I have obtained from past career experiences. Interested Candidate Please send their updated Resume & Call on this Number 7827036029/011-46107515 & ([HIDDEN TEXT]) With Regards, MJC (P) LTD Contact Number: - 9990725507, 7827036029 & 011-46107515
Senior Firmware Engineer;Mulya Consulting;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore;6- 11 Years;Not Specified;"Location :  Bangalore This position is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Semiconductor Product Company with revenue more than 30 Billion USD) Our client is a world leader  (Top5 Semicon Company in 2018)  in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. They have over 34, 000 team members in 17 countries who work with the worlds most trusted brands,  delivering memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications and sparking countless possibilities in technology As a Senior SSD Firmware Engineer,  you will develop high- performance controller firmware for innovative volatile and non- volatile memory systems. In this position,  you will participate in evaluating,  designing,  building,  bench testing,  debugging,  and failure analyzing firmware for new high- performance memory controllers and Solid State Drives that will increase performance,  while reducing power,  latency and SoC  (System on Chip)  complexity for the target markets. You can expect to work closely with system test engineers,  system failure analysis engineers,  firmware engineers,  firmware test engineers,  system hardware design engineers,  product engineers,  memory design engineers,  firmware tools developers,  and production engineers to solve cross- functional product development issues. Experience:  6+ Years in Embedded firmware. 3+ years in Storage /  SSD would be a strong plus. Strong firmware design and debug experience using assembly and C programming. Knowledge of SSD flash translation layer,  wear leveling,  garbage collection. Knowledge of mass storage interfaces such as SATA,  SAS,  NVMe  (optional but strong plus) . High level of skill in problem recreation and trapping,  and in identifying performance critical algorithms for optimization. Strong skill in ARM development tools and IDE such as Eclipse Ability to scope and estimate development effort. Ability to work and communicate effectively in a team,  able to multitask effectively in fast- paced environment. Working knowledge of digital hardware design  (optional but plus) . Experience in test equipment such as oscilloscopes and logic /  bus analyzers  (optional but plus) . Experience with working on FPGAs is a strong plus. Education:  BS or MS in Computer Engineering,  Electrical Engineering,  or Computer Science. Contact:  Uday Bhaskar Mulya Technologies ""Mining the Knowledge Community"" Email id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
System Software Engr  ( Semicon Company with Rev of 30 Billion USD);Mulya Consulting;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;3- 8 Years;Not Specified;"Location :  Hyderabad Mobile System and Software Engineer As a Mobile System and Software Engineer .,  you will contribute to the development of new architectures and products using clients next generation Memory /  Storage solutions for clients Mobile Customers CPU /  GPU /  Multimedia Benchmarks Analysis based on DDR /  Memory Pre- Silicon Platform Level Debugging with Linux /  Android Kernel Hands ON experience of SoC Development on FPGA based platform CPU /  GPU /  memory controller /  mobile SOC /  ASIC,  mobile platforms /   benchmarks,  Android /  Kernel /  Core BSP  (board service package) Out of box thinking Solid Problem Solving skills Responsibilities include,  but not limited to:  Lead DRAM and storage enablement activities by engaging OEMs at an early stage of product disclosure,  discussing architectural details,  providing customer training on DRAM & storage solutions on OEM platforms Software integration and validation- Help /  Direct customer to tune Power&Performance by tuning HW and optimizing SW to meet targeted goals on customer platform. Play consultant /  expert role in customer platform enablement and enable customer for a smooth launch of the product with the highest quality. Identify issues reported by customers,  analyze and lead debug activity by with various internal teams to narrow down the root cause and fix problems. Lead DRAM & Storage Product integration and enablement efforts to validate and debug System Level Issues to maximize HW&SW productivity with the highest quality,  highest performance and enable faster time to market by ensuring that the end- product qualifies the defined acceptance criteria in terms of stability by meeting required Power and Performance Goals. This role requires Strong interpersonal skills with a positive mindset to work well within geographically dispersed teams. Successful candidate for this position will have the following:  BS /  MS and 3- 8 years  ( with Excellent Academics)  of experience in product development,  customer engagement,  and commercialization of SOC Excellent written and verbal communication skills with an ability to collaboratively work with many varied teams Good understanding of SOC system architecture Good understanding and experience on system Benchmarking and latency measurements Hands- on experience in using industry standard Benchmarking tools Good understanding of Multi- Media Sub- system  (Graphics,  Display,  Camera etc..)  Understanding Assembly /  C /  C++ programming Pre /  Post- silicon validation experience (a Plus) Experience in Kernel Drivers programming Software Integration and debug on any embedded OS Good understanding of CPU architecture  (RISC /  CISC) Familiarity with embedded SW Development & Debug tools Proven ability to work in a dynamic,  multi- tasked environment Preferred Skills:  Power & Performance optimization experience Knowledge in Application Processor /  Power management /  Performance optimization is a plus Power Management optimization Graphics System software  (OpenGL etc) Board support package development experience Customer board debug,  review and PDN analysis Strong communication skills,  strong interpersonal skills,  self- starter and strong initiative skills Our client is a world leader  (Top5 Semicon Company in 2018)  in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. They have over 34, 000 team members in 17 countries who work with the worlds most trusted brands,  delivering memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications and sparking countless possibilities in technology Contact:  Uday Bhaskar Mulya Technologies ""Mining the Knowledge Community"" Email id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Sales & Service Engineer;Precision Weighing Systems;Pollachi,  Thrissur;0- 2 Years;140000- 180000;This is urgent requirement. Interested candidates better contact 9822093363 over phone.  Languages Known:  Speak:  English,  Tamil,  Malayalam,  Hindi Write:  English,  Tamil /  Malayalam Service Job Profile 1. Your job shall be installation,  repair & AMC of electronic weighbridges. 2. You need to go to places which can be reached over night. 3. Whenever there is a service call,  we shall inform you. You shall attend the problem & come back to your base location. But you shall get full month salary. Sales Job Profile 1. You shall search new projects on internet to find out requirement of the equipment. 2. Company shall forward inquiries received through indiamart.com & other portals to you for follow up & finalization.
Medical coding Jobs For Anesthesia & Operation Technician,  Perfusion- MNC;Core 2 Code;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore,  Chennai;0- 1 Years;220000- 330000;Medical Coders review the health information in the medical reports and convert them to universally accepted codes like ICD,  CPT and HCPCS. 18, 000  (Fresher)  & upto 60, 000 (Experienced)  per month with assured career growth  (Incentives & Benefits as per Corporate Standards) . Medical Coding involves working on medical reports of different specialities like consultation,  radiology,  surgery that are outsourced from global hospitals. The medical information is converted to code numbers by analyzing the data for reimbursement from insurance. Coding involves the work of skilled manpower with strong anatomical and computational knowledge. Eligibility: Bachelor or Master degree in Dental  (BDS) Homeopathy Ayurvedha Siddha Unani Physiotherapy  (BPT) Occupational Therapy Nursing Pharmacy Botany Zoology Microbiology Molecular Biology Biochemistry Biomedical Plant Botany & Biotechnology Biotechnology Psychology Nutrition & Dietetics Poultry Bio- Statistics Bio- Physics Geology Engineering & Technology Diploma courses in Allied health Sciences etc., Requirements: Candidate should be from Medical /  Paramedical /  Life Science /  Allied Health Sciences Strong knowledge in Anatomy,  Physiology and Pathology Age should be less than or equal to 30  (if they are fresher for medical coding) . Basic Computer Skills Regards, Rishi Human Resource Mobile Number - 9791022143
Digital Design Engineer;Mulya Consulting;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore;3- 8 Years;Not Specified;"Location :  Bangalore This position is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Semiconductor Product Company with revenue more than 30 Billion USD) Our client is a world leader  (Top5 Semicon Company in 2018)  in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. They have over 34, 000 team members in 17 countries who work with the worlds most trusted brands,  delivering memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications and sparking countless possibilities in technology Own micro- architecture and RTL development of blocks /  Sub- blocks for DDR sub system solutions. Micro- architect features to meet performance,  power and area requirements Work on post- silicon & Pre- silicon verification and debug Third- party IP analysis and integration Skills:  Excellent hands on experience in micro- architecture Design and RTL Coding Experience in Verilog Hands- on experience at the implementation of DDR Controller. LPDDR4 and LPDDR5 Experience will be a plus. Must have good knowledge on various tools like Spyglass,  0- in,  DC- Compiler,  LEC etc Hands on experience in Multi Clock designs is must Experience with synthesis,  STA & FPGA is a plus Contact:  Uday Bhaskar Mulya Technologies ""Mining the Knowledge Community"" Email id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Nutanix Resident;C2D Software Private Limited;Pune;7- 10 Years;Not Specified;Job description: • Able to liaise with Customer VP levels to discuss Nutanix related initiatives,  requirements, Issues. • Be the voice of customer to Nutanix internal teams including Sales,  Services,  Support and Engineering. • Able to stitch the Nutanix products into a solution and responsible for recommendations or Suggestions as customer requirements evolve.  (Should communicate after discussion with Account team) • Prepare action plans including Nutanix resources,  timelines,  customer resources and Manage the execution. • Coordinate with account team and drive the Nutanix resources to execute the various Nutanix initiatives. • Perform Weekly review with customer on various Nutanix engagements. • Provide weekly reports on Utilization,  Support cases. • Familiarity with areas like Cloud,  VDI,  Tier1 applications,  Databases,  and vertical industry Solutions.  • Seeks advice from others on the team when needed and works with other consultants and Industry leaders as necessary to solve problems and troubleshoot. • Understands Nutanix best practices,  architecture,  and engineering problem solving skills to Present options to target customer use case. • Recommend Upgrades when required and drive the execution. • Should be Hands- On and help the customer resolve problems or provide solution. Experience Experience: • Around 8 to 10+ years domain experience,  3+ years specialized experience. • Has advanced certifications from industry solutions. • Has relevant background in infrastructure related architecture as well as familiarity with Most common application workloads such as 3- tier Web App,  Databases etc. • Ability to work in a team setting and alone with minimal customer direction. • Advanced presentation Skills,  to technical,  executive,  and business audiences
Software Engineer /  Programmer ,  2 -  5 years;Career Seive.com;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore;2- 5 Years;Not Specified;Opportunity for Software Engineer /  Programmer ,  having Experience 2 -  5 years in Bengaluru  /   Bangalore location
Senior Firmware Engineer;Mulya Consulting;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;5- 10 Years;Not Specified;"Senior Firmware Engineer -  SSD   Location :  Hyderabad This position is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Semiconductor Product Company with revenue more than 30 Billion USD)   Our client is a world leader  (Top5 Semicon Company in 2018)  in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. They have over 34, 000 team members in 17 countries who work with the worlds most trusted brands,  delivering memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications and sparking countless possibilities in technology  our vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life and our commitment to people,  innovation,  tenacity,  collaboration,  and customer focus allows us to fulfill our mission to be a global leader in memory and storage solutions. This means conducting business with integrity,  accountability,  and professionalism while supporting our global community. our Nonvolatile Engineering Group is focused on developing leading- edge memory controller and System- on- Chip  (SoC)  designs,  incorporating advanced HW and FW to enable SSD and Managed NAND product roadmap. We are rapidly growing our team to take advantage of the fast- growing market opportunities and outstanding memory technology. We are developing world beating solutions by focusing on high quality engineering,  utilizing the latest tools and techniques and working in a tightly- knit team based environment. We strive for a highly productive and enjoyable working environment. It is a priority for us to provide a rich and nurturing environment where everybody in the team can contribute and grow their skills and knowledge.  Responsibilities include,  but not limited to: Working as a developer you will be part of a team implementing the FW for the latest SSD controllers with a responsibility for the delivery of high quality,  high performance designs. You will work in partnership with the architectural and firmware leadership team defining the overall solution and then working to design,  implement and then functionally test your components. You will be working to ensure the delivered firmware is to a very high quality,  utilizing an Agile like approach of iterative development,  test driven development and continuous integration. You will need to focus on ensuring you use the highest programming standards to produce highly readable and maintainable code,  in addition to meeting the performance and reliability objectives. You will work on projects from their earliest inception,  through simulation and pre SoC tapeout on FPGA and co- design environments,  SoC bringup and support the design through customer qualification and ramp into production. You will study and understand new features proposed in JEDEC and development prototype /  proof of concept innovation solutions.  Minimum Qualifications:  In depth knowledge and extensive experience with deeply embedded firmware development  Extensive experience with C /  C++ and assembly programming  You are an authority in the use of scripting languages,  programming tools and environment  Experience working in a sophisticated technology company  Experience of the storage industry,  in SSD,  HDD,  storage systems or a related technology  You have a deep understanding of storage interfaces including ideally PCIe /  NVMe,  AHCI,  SATA,  SAS,  UFS,  eMMC  You have experience with advanced NAND flash and other non- volatile storage  You possess a BSEE or equivalent required  About Us  As the leader in innovative memory solutions,  we are helping the world make sense of data by delivering technology that is transforming how the world uses information. Through our global brands -  -  we offer the industrys broadest portfolio. We are the only company manufacturing todays major memory and storage technologies:  DRAM,  NAND,  NOR and 3D XPoint memory. Our solutions are purpose built to leverage the value of data to unlock financial insights,  accelerate scientific breakthroughs and enhance communication around the world.   Contact:  Uday Bhaskar   Mulya Technologies  ""Mining the Knowledge Community""  Email id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Senior Scribe & Layout Design Engineer;Mulya Consulting;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;8- 15 Years;Not Specified;Location :  Hyderabad Senior Scribe & Layout Design Engineer This is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Product MNC with revenue of more than 30 Billion USD) our client is a world leader in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. For nearly 40 years,  our company has been instrumental to the worlds most significant technology advancements,  delivering optimal memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications. Our vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life and our dedication to people,  innovation,  tenacity,  teamwork,  and customer focus allows us to fulfill our mission to be a global leader in memory and storage solutions. This means conducting business with integrity,  accountability,  and professionalism while supporting our global community. We are the only company manufacturing todays major memory and storage technologies:  DRAM,  NAND,  NOR,  and 3D XPoint  (TM)  memory. We are looking for a high- energy,  ambitious,  result- driven individual with strong work ethic and integrity to join us as a Sr. Scribe Layout & Design Engineer in Development Group,  and in this role,  you will be supporting development of advanced process technology through scribe test structure design and layout,  CAD,  and reticle creation.  Job Responsibilities Provide layout of test structure sets and custom digital designs in multiple technology nodes while working closely with scribe design and CAD engineers across the globe. Perform layout verifications such as LVS /  DRC /  DFM /  ERC,  quality check,  and provide accurate and timely documentation to ensure creation of parametric workbook. Creation of schematic design and post layout simulation. Own and support multiple projects in parallel through the Reticle Tapeout flow. Support development of advanced memory solutions,  including sub- 1z DRAM and cutting- edge Non- Volatile memory chips. Effectively interact and communicate with internal customers to understand the needs and deliver layouts test structures,  memory array and custom digital designs. Provide technical leadership and mentor junior staff. The ability to work and communicate effectively in a team and to be able to multi- task effectively in a fast- paced working environment.  Requirements Bachelor or higher degree in Electrical /  Electronics Engineering. 8- 15 years of relevant experience in the fields of layout design,  physical verification or related fields. 2 or more years of experience in handling multiple custom IC layout projects. Well versed in schematic design and post layout simulation. Hands on experience with schematic entry,  netlist extraction,  and post layout verification. Understanding of latch up and antenna effects in layout and their mitigation techniques. Deep expertise in IC layout design tools such as Cadence Virtuoso and physical verification tools such as Calibre,  Assura,  or ICV. Strong analytical,  debug,  and problem- solving skills in resolving layout issues related to physical verification and overall layout generation flow Familiarity with semiconductor electrical fundamentals and device physics. Capable of working in a cross functional and multi- site team environment spanning multiple time zones.  Other desired skills Knowledge of semiconductor fabrication process in at least one technology such as DRAM,  NAND,  NOR or Logic. Capability to create scripts to improve layout efficiency and workflow. Experience with custom analog Design and layout for memory or an OEM is a plus. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race,  color,  religion,  sex,  sexual orientation,  gender identity,  national origin,  veteran or disability status.  Workplace Location Hyderabad
Ruby on rails and JS engineer;Kashish Kumar  (proprietor of Small world);Japan;3- 13 Years;2400000- 5500000;Minimum Qualifications: • Bachelor ’s degree  (BS)  in Computer Science,  Engineering or related field,  or equivalent work experience. • At least 5+ hands- on experience in web application development • At least 5+ years designing and maintain large traffic software design and development. • Familiar with Javascript,  JVM languages • Strong knowledge of web development,  Cookie,  Cache,  CORS,  etc • Strong analytical abilities and debugging  /   troubleshooting skills • Comfortable with server API development • Experience working in agile development environment. • Development experience with CI  /   CD and automation test. • Development experience with relational database,  Non- SQL,  KVS • Excellent oral & written communication skills
Senior ASIC Verification Engineer  (pcie AND Nvme);Mulya Consulting;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;4- 9 Years;Not Specified;"ASIC Senior PCIE and NVMe Design Verification Engineer Location :  Hyderabad This is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Semicon Product company with revenue over 30 Billion USD) Our client is a world leader  (Top5 Semicon Company in 2018)  in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. They have over 34, 000 team members in 17 countries who work with the worlds most trusted brands,  delivering memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications and sparking countless possibilities in technology our client is a world leader in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. For nearly 40 years,  our company has been instrumental to the worlds most significant technology advancements,  delivering optimal memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications. This is a position for Senior Technical Member of clients ASIC Verification and Emulation group. The candidate will have a key role in architecture and development of advanced verification environments for complex SoC components,  while ensuring on time,  one time best- in- class quality. Job Requirements An expert level experience with PCIe,  NVMe sub- systems. Highly experienced with defining block,  sub- system and SOC top level test plans. An expert level with developing UVM- based SV test- benches. Deep understanding and knowledge of verification methodologies flows and quality metrics. Great debugging and problem- solving skills. Team player with great interpersonal communication skills. Job Qualifications At least 4 - 10 years of relevant experience in PCIE and NVME SoC verification. Strong and relevant expertise with ASIC simulation tools and advanced verification methods. Expert level in verification languages such as UVM and System Verilog. Relevant experience with writing block- level and SoC test- plans.  Education:  B.S. in electrical engineering,  computer science with extensive industry experience. Contact:  Uday Bhaskar Mulya Technologies ""Mining the Knowledge Community"" Email id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Software Engineer –fresher;New Global Technologies;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore,  Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;0- 5 Years;360000- 850000;We are looking for fresh. on different Technologies like C++,  Java,  .Net , Testing , php according to our requirements. After they will be assigned different tasks. Desired Candidate Profile Any graduates with excellent communication skills,  problem solving skills and having interest to learn new things .experienced candidates can also eligible to apply.
VP,  Wealth Management Branch Office Support Services SWAT Member;Disys India Private Limited;null;5- 10 Years;Not Specified;"Job Description : The department is comprised of 10 organizations:  Sales,  Banking & Corporate - Client Technology,  Investment Products & Markets Technology,  Client Reporting,  Core Processing,  Private and International Wealth Management Technology,  Technology Integration Office,  Enterprise Infrastructure & Production Management,  Capital Markets Application & Data Services,  Deployment Planning & Release Management,  and the Chief Operating Office. Job Description: This role will be responsible for overall stability of the Wealth Management Branch application platforms,  participation on key optimization initiatives,  and collaboration with multiple technical teams. Additionally,  partner with WM business units,  various levels of management and staff to collect,  analyze and make recommendations on optimizing the platform.As a team member with expertise in deep analytical triage,  you will provide subject matter expertise in debugging,  issue analysis and troubleshooting,  working with business and technical colleagues to provide reviews and recommendations to avoid any future application issues. Produce guidance documentation,  standards and procedures,  products assessments,  and training material including working with the various application and infrastructure support teams ensuring that they are documenting every single troubleshooting step in the clientsknowledge base system to resolve issues in a faster time frame. You will serve as a fully seasoned /   proficient technical resource; provide technical knowledge in outage management and proactive solutions to improve the user experience. Qualification  /   Skills Required Deep knowledge of the Windows Server platform and administrative related technologies Knowledge and understanding of VMware and Citrix Working knowledge of network device management  (i.e. switches,  routers,  firewalls,  load balancers)  Understanding of technology architecture,  communications technologies  (voice -  telephony) ,  and technology infrastructures Hands- on experience administering large- scale,  high- availability systems and the tools to monitor performance and availability Experience with scripting languages such as:  PowerShell,  PHP,  Python,  Perl,  and Ruby)  Experience creating technical architecture documentation Excellent communication and writing skills specific to technical discussions across the management layers BS  /  MS or equivalent,  preferably in quantitative discipline  (Computer Science,  Computer Engineering,  EE,  Math,  Physics) . Skills Desired5- 10 years’ experience in banking and /  or Financial Services experience Prior experience with performance monitoring and instrumentation reduce service disruptionsWorking knowledge of Information securityprotocols -  best practices and techniques to maintain and enhance information security Ability to think creatively,  proactively,  and independently  (meeting facilitation,  reporting,  managing sensitive data and reporting to senior management)  Proficient knowledge of ITIL Availability Management,  Service Continuity Management and Change Infrastructure engineering experience with 1 or more of the following enterprise-  scale systems:  source control,  configuration management,  technology automation,  continuous integration and software  /  product deployments.Experience with incident  on call and ability to respond to emergencies on a 24 /  7 basisStrong knowledge of infrastructure architecture and ability to establish /   maintain effective work relationships with co- workers,  clients,  members,  providers and customers Strong oral and written communication skills Strong interpersonal skills"
Principal Engineer II,  SW -  Android;Harman Connected Services Corporation India Private Limited;India;10- 13 Years;Not Specified;"A Career at HARMAN As a technology leader that is rapidly on the move,  HARMAN is filled with people who are focused on making life better. Innovation,  inclusivity and teamwork are a part of our DNA. When you add that to the challenges we take on and solve together,  you’ll discover that at HARMAN you can grow,  make a difference and be proud of the work you do every day. Additional Work Location (s)  ?????: None Position Summary:  The Software Architect is responsible for the SW definition and technical excellence of a product across the entire development lifecycle including planning,  development,  launch,  and closure phases of a program. The SPM will be an internal and customer communication path regarding status and escalations. The SPM will also be the primary interface for SW development to other non- engineering internal stakeholders. The responsibility includes not only planning the product development and testing,  but actively managing the gating SW deliverables,  reporting status against the plan,  and leading the resolution of issues that are blocking the team from making progress. Job Responsibilities: HARMAN is at the forefront of developing new in- vehicle infotainment and connectivity systems that let drivers and passengers are entertained,  connected,  efficient,  and productive while in the car. As such,  our systems are leading the industry with exciting innovations in multimedia,  connectivity,  car- centric applications,  navigation,  advanced safety,  and multi- modal interfaces. This position will be at the center of the development,  working closely with our OEM partners,  internal and customer engineering teams,  and select 3rd parties to define next- generation features and services.Develop /  Contribute in defining software design strategyIdentify architectural constraints for the system level based on customer,  market,  technology and business needs Define and create system and overall software architecures Drive change and create  Do the right thing culture Help review and specify new requirements based on customer and industry need Set KPIs for software deliverables based on what is possible,  customer requirements and industryLead KPI tracking\ delivery and push products to limits of what is possible Participate in design,  architectural and code reviews as a software expert Watch and montior designated code areas as a technical owner Assist software managers and leads with investigations and improvement initiatives Prototype and develop solutions to continue learning provide guidance to the team Work with product management,  system,  hardware and sales teams to set memory+ CPU budgets for products Contribute or lead SW FMEA analysisHelp communicate with software suppliers to set direction and establish new relationships Support Harman procurement in software cost analysisReview software bills of material for correctness Present technical solutions and architectures to internal and external stakeholders Basic Qualifications:  Bachelor’s Degree and 10+ years’ experience; Master’s degree preffered Strong fundamental knowledge of computer engineering,  operating systems and SDLC Broad technical background with general knowledge of Bluetooth,  WiFi,  cellular technology,  smartphones,  navigation,  GPS,  tuner,  satellite Radio,  video,  voice recognition,  hands- free operation,  vehicle bus,  advanced safety,  cloud- based services,  and automotive requirementsPractical experience in related areas such as system design,  hardware /   software design,  and real- time embedded applications Proven technical leadership Experience working in the technology industry or automotive industry Experience with the use of rapid prototyping tools for software and hardware,  electronics,  and mechanical design for consumer electronics and future device platforms Must have general knowledge of automotive infotainment systems and their applications Previous experience in all phases of the software development process  (Requirements,  Scope,  Design /  Plan,  Develop,  Test,  and Customer Acceptance.)  Must be able to articulate vision and influence decision making outcomes with internal stakeholders,  external suppliers,  and the customerExtraordinary oral and written communication,  negotiation,  and interpersonal skills with demonstrated ability to work effectively with business and technology leaders.Experience managing external and internal vendors /  partners Exceptional reputation as an innovator based on having created forward- looking research,  projects,  and award- winning publicationsMust have a ""whatever- it- takes"" attitude using diplomatic leadership skills within a collaborative teamwork environment to accomplish the necessary results Ability to communicate advanced and complex concepts and ideas persuasively and concisely to all levels of the business Eligibility Requirements:  Willingness to travel as required by job demands  (approximately 10% of the time) Willingness to work in an office in Bangalore,  India HARMAN will only employ those who are legally authorized to work in the United States for this opening. Any offer of employment is conditioned upon the successful completion of a background investigation and drug screen. HARMAN is an Equal Opportunity  /  Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race,  color,  religion,  sex,  sexual orientation,  gender identity,  national origin,  disability or Protected Veterans status. HARMAN offers a great work environment,  challenging career opportunities,  professional training and competitive compensation.  ()"
Day Shift Openings for Medical Coding;Core 2 Code;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore,  Chennai;0- 1 Years;210000- 320000;Medical Coders review the health information in the medical reports and convert them to universally accepted codes like ICD,  CPT and HCPCS. 18, 000  (Fresher)  & upto 60, 000 (Experienced)  per month with assured career growth  (Incentives & Benefits as per Corporate Standards) . Medical Coding involves working on medical reports of different specialities like consultation,  radiology,  surgery that are outsourced from global hospitals. The medical information is converted to code numbers by analyzing the data for reimbursement from insurance. Coding involves the work of skilled manpower with strong anatomical and computational knowledge. Eligibility: Bachelor or Master degree in Dental  (BDS) Homeopathy Ayurvedha Siddha Unani Physiotherapy  (BPT) Occupational Therapy Nursing Pharmacy Botany Zoology Microbiology Molecular Biology Biochemistry Biomedical Plant Botany & Biotechnology Biotechnology Psychology Nutrition & Dietetics Poultry Bio- Statistics Bio- Physics Geology Engineering & Technology Diploma courses in Allied health Sciences etc., Requirements: Candidate should be from Medical /  Paramedical /  Life Science /  Allied Health Sciences Strong knowledge in Anatomy,  Physiology and Pathology Age should be less than or equal to 30  (if they are fresher for medical coding) . Basic Computer Skills Regards, Rishi Human Resource Mobile Number -  9791022143
Senior Memory Circuit Design Verification Engineer;Mulya Consulting;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;3- 8 Years;Not Specified;"Location :  Hyderabad This is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Product MNC with revenue of more than 30 Billion USD) our client is a world leader in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. For nearly 40 years,  our company has been instrumental to the worlds most significant technology advancements,  delivering optimal memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications. For more than 40 years,  our client. has redefined innovation with the worlds most advanced memory and semiconductor technologies. Were an international team of visionaries and scientists,  developing ground breaking technologies that are transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. We are searching for an IC Design Evaluation and Verification Manager in clients DRAM and Emerging Memory Group in India. As a Memory Circuit Design Verification Engineer  /   Senior Memory Circuit Design Verification Engineer,  you will work with a highly innovative and motivated design team using state of the art memory technologies to develop the most advanced DRAM and Emerging memory products. You will be challenged by the complexity and difficulty of verifying high density memory chips  (up to 32Gb)  with huge scale of circuit capability  (over 4M transistors) ,  ultra- high speed designs,  complex functionality which includes next Generation DDR /  LPDDR  (ex:  DDR5,  LPDDR5)  and advanced low power and power management technologies. You will need to have the ability to work as a Memory Circuit Verification Engineer  /   Senior Memory Circuit Design Verification Engineer,  to evaluate Full chip or block level functionality and provide solutions to help delivery of functionally correct design. You will work closely with clients various design and verification teams all over the world to contribute to the success of the design projects by applying verification tools and techniques,  providing verification status and summaries to specific designs as needed. Responsibilities Provide verification support to design projects by simulating,  analyzing and debugging pre- silicon full chip designs. Develop Test cases /  Stimulus to increase the functional coverage for all DRAM and emerging memory architectures and features. Develop and maintain test benches and test vectors using simulation tools and run regressions for coverage analysis and improvements. Co- work with international colleagues on developing new verification flows to take on the challenges in DRAM and emerging memory design. Participate in developing verification methodology and verification environments for advanced DRAM and emerging memory products. Requirements Basic understanding of CMOS circuit design Familiar with analog /  digital simulation tools,  i.e. HSPICE,  HSIM,  VerilogHDL,  FINESIM,  SimVision Must possess good communication skills and ability to work well in a team Experience in SV,  VPI /  PLI coding preferred Experience in Gate Level circuit design preferred Experience in UVM Test Bench preferred Previous work experience in DRAM memory related fields is a plus Education Bachelors or Post Graduate Degree in Electronics Engineering or related engineering field required Education Masters or Post- Graduate Degree in Electronics Engineering or related engineering field required Contact Uday Mulya Technologies ""Mining the knowledge Community"" Email:  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Memory Circuit Design Verification Manager;Mulya Consulting;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;10- 20 Years;Not Specified;"Location :  Hyderabad This is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Product MNC with revenue of more than 30 Billion USD) our client is a world leader in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. For nearly 40 years,  our company has been instrumental to the worlds most significant technology advancements,  delivering optimal memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications. IC Design Evaluation and Verification Manager For more than 40 years,  our client. has redefined innovation with the worlds most advanced memory and semiconductor technologies. Were an international team of visionaries and scientists,  developing ground breaking technologies that are transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. We are searching for an IC Design Evaluation and Verification Manager in clients DRAM and Emerging Memory Group in India. As a Memory Circuit Design Verification Manager,  you will work with a highly innovative and motivated design team using state of the art memory technologies to develop the most advanced DRAM and Emerging memory products. You will be challenged by the complexity and difficulty of verifying high density memory chips  (up to 32Gb)  with huge scale of circuit capability  (over 4M transistors) ,  ultra- high speed designs,  complex functionality which includes next Generation DDR /  LPDDR  (ex:  DDR5,  LPDDR5)  and advanced low power and power management technologies. You will need to have the ability to work as a Memory Circuit Verification Engineer  /   Senior Memory Circuit Design Verification Engineer,  to evaluate Full chip or block level functionality and provide solutions to help delivery of functionally correct design. You will work closely with clients various design and verification teams all over the world to contribute to the success of the design projects by applying verification tools and techniques,  providing verification status and summaries to specific designs as needed. Responsibilities Provide verification support to design projects by simulating,  analyzing and debugging pre- silicon full chip designs. Develop Test cases /  Stimulus to increase the functional coverage for all DRAM and emerging memory architectures and features. Develop and maintain test benches and test vectors using simulation tools and run regressions for coverage analysis and improvements. Co- work with international colleagues on developing new verification flows to take on the challenges in DRAM and emerging memory design. Participate in developing verification methodology and verification environments for advanced DRAM and emerging memory products. Requirements Basic understanding of CMOS circuit design Familiar with analog /  digital simulation tools,  i.e. HSPICE,  HSIM,  VerilogHDL,  FINESIM,  SimVision Must possess good communication skills and ability to work well in a team Experience in SV,  VPI /  PLI coding preferred Experience in Gate Level circuit design preferred Experience in UVM Test Bench preferred Previous work experience in DRAM memory related fields is a plus Education Bachelors or Post Graduate Degree in Electronics Engineering or related engineering field required Education Masters or Post- Graduate Degree in Electronics Engineering or related engineering field required Contact Uday Mulya Technologies ""Mining the knowledge Community"" Email:  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Project Engineer  (Manufacturing);Radial HR Solutions;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore;5- 10 Years;800000- 1150000;Project Engineer  (Manufacturing) About Company:  Company is into one of the leading import agency for Railway track maintenance machines in India sector.  Job Description:  Job description¬  1. Candidate should be able to direct,  coordinate,  and exercise functional authority for planning and organizing high- level manufacturing projects in at least four different product lines  (at 4 separate locations)  to completion.  2. Candidate should be able to effectively and accurately plan to ensure completion of high- level projects.  3. Candidate should be able to generate accurate project schedules and solutions to design challenges and production delays in order to provide a high- quality product in accordance with customer specifications.  4. Candidates job can be further sub- divided into the following broad areas-   Project Management  • Develop the product build cost estimate based on customer requirements defined in the Product Definition.  • Develop the project schedule by studying the project plan and specifications,  calculating time requirement and sequencing project elements.  • Prepare project status reports by collecting,  analyzing,  and summarizing information and trends then recommending actions.  Production Management  • Maintain project schedule by monitoring project progress,  coordinating activities,  and resolving problems.  • Control project plan by reviewing design,  specifications,  plan,  and schedule changes then recommending actions.  • Control project costs by approving engineering releases and change orders and monitoring purchase cost versus material cost estimate.  Engineering Management  • Review engineering design and documentation while Collaborating with engineering and 3rd party suppliers to create structures which can be manufactured.  • Evaluate and approve engineering design change,  specification,  and documentation releases.  • Provide feedback to engineering and 3rd party suppliers on design issues discovered during the build process.  ManufacturingManagement  • Maintain safe and clean working environment by working with shop supervision to assure compliance to procedures,  rules,  and regulations.  • Contribute to team effort at the co- production partner facility by involvement in Continuing Process Improvement initiatives.  • Assist and with tooling,  layouts,  and assembly process for 3rd party suppliers.   Work Exp:  6+ years’ related experience,  3+ years’ experience providing training to other Manufacturing Engineers and Manufacturing Project Engineers,  3+ Experience working with Microsoft Projects and Enterprise Resource Planning  (ERP)  Systems,  2+ Experience leading a cross functional team to machine assembly completion.  Job Location -  Bangalore  Educational Qualifications -    • Btech /   BE -  Mechanical,  Any other Specialization  AND  • Mtech -  Mechanical,  Production /  Industrial,  Other Engineering  ALSO DESIRED  • AutoCAD  • Maintain Railroad Certifications,    • Lead /  Six Sigma Green Belt and  • Lead Kaizen event or continuous improvement project  Candidate Profile -    • Candidate should be a highly motivated individual to work in the fast paced railway environment.  • Candidate should be highly adaptable  • Candidate should have a Customer Focus outlook  • Candidate should be adept at Problem Solving  • Candidate must possess excellent organizational and planning skills.  • Candidate must possess Process Management skills  • Candidate must possess strong managerial capabilities and sound leadership skills.  • Candidate must be fluent in English,  Hindi and Kannada.  • Candidates should have excellent communication skills both verbal and written in all three languages mentioned above.  • Computer proficiency in MS Office,  Excel,  AUTOCAD,  Other Design Software,  Lead /  Six Sigma Green Belt,  lead Kaizen event or continuous improvement project etc is a must.  • Candidate should at all times have high level of Safety Awareness.  • Candidate should be able to maintain railroad certificates.  • Candidate must have a vehicle of their own to travel from place to place.  • Candidates with a background of the armed forces or railways in the engineering sphere would be ideal.  • Age Criterion -  25-  35years  Salary Offered:  9- 11.5Lp.a Project Engineer  (Manufacturing) ,  six sigma,  green belt,  Kaizen,  autocad,  catia,  solidworks,  unigrphics,  manufacturing,  projects,  project management,  project coordination,  quality,  operations, - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Please share the below details and send your resume to radialhr{at}gmail[dot]com for us to expedite the process: Email Subject:   #992384-  Project Engineer  (Manufacturing) Position applied for: Project Engineer  (Manufacturing) Total Exp: Relavant experience?: Current CTC: Current Location: Willing to work at Bangalore?: Qualification: Expected CTC: Notice Period:     Job Posted by: Radial HR Solutions www.radialhr.com
Manager,  Architecture Modeling Platform;Mulya Consulting;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore;8- 13 Years;Not Specified;"Location :  Bangalore  This position is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Semiconductor Product Company with revenue more than 30 Billion USD)   Our client is a world leader  (Top5 Semicon Company in 2018)  in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. They have over 34, 000 team members in 17 countries who work with the worlds most trusted brands,  delivering memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications and sparking countless possibilities in technology  Manager,  Architecture Modeling Platform Our vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life and our dedication to people,  innovation,  tenacity,  partnership,  and customer focus allows us to fulfill our mission to be a global leader in memory and storage solutions. This means conducting business with integrity,  accountability,  and collaboration while supporting our global community.  Job Description We are looking for a high energy,  driven leader with strong work ethic and integrity to join us as a Manager. In this role,  you will be directly responsible for crafting the vision and management of a department to enable outstanding quality and a high- performance team. As a member of the System Architecture /  Modeling Group Semiconductor Products,  Inc.,  you will work with the memory industrys leading architecture team on new concepts that will shape the future of electronic systems.  Your responsibilities will include,  but are not limited to:  Leading a development team engaged in feature improvements and maintenance of system simulation tools,  models,  and environments.  Working with customers,  other architects,  and design teams to identify requirements and needed features for a wide range of system simulation scenarios.  Delivery of new features,  tools,  productivity enhancements,  and performance improvements.  Project planning,  scheduling,  task allocation,  tracking,  and reporting.  First- line management of engineers and architects on the team. This position requires technical contribution as well as team management. Development activities will entail constructing or modifying component models including memory devices,  controllers,  interconnects,  and processors; verification,  generating or acquiring relevant workloads; constructing performance monitoring. The scope will span from block- level to full system- level architecture development and modeling,  analysis and benchmarking. Team management will involve staffing,  career development,  project management,  and technical guidance.  Successful candidate for this position will have:  At least 3 years of experience with engineering team management.  Experience with software development practices,  methodologies,  and tools such as Jenkins,  git,  Stash,  and cmake.  C /  C++ and SystemC experience; Python experience is a plus.  Must have an understanding of how to use the C++ Standard Template Library  (STL) .  Experience in modeling for hardware systems.  Strong working knowledge of architecture tradeoff analysis and modeling tools.  Exposure to server systems with an emphasis on memory and storage systems and usage.  Exposure to operating system  (OS)  memory management is preferred.  Exposure to virtual machine  (VM)  performance analysis is a plus.  Ability to quickly react and adapt to changes based on modeling results,  or project direction changes.  Excellent problem solving and troubleshooting skills.  Excellent verbal communication and written skills.  Must be highly organized and self- motivated.  Must be a strong individual contributor as well as a team player.  Strong working knowledge of architecture tradeoff analysis and modeling tools.  Exposure to server systems with an emphasis on memory and storage systems and usage.  Workplace Bangalore  About Us As the leader in creative memory solutions,  we are helping the world make sense of data by delivering technology that is transforming how the world uses information. Through our global brands -  we offer the industrys broadest portfolio. We are the only company manufacturing todays major memory and storage technologies:  DRAM,  NAND,  NOR and 3D XPoint memory. Our solutions are purpose built to use the value of data to unlock financial insights,  accelerate scientific breakthroughs and improve communication around the world.   Contact:  Uday Bhaskar   Mulya Technologies  ""Mining the Knowledge Community""  Email id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Redshift Database Engineer For Infosys  @  Pune,  hyderabad,  chennai;ILabz Technology LLP;Chennai;7- 10 Years;Not Specified;Hello ,  Greetings from Ilabz Technology!!!  Immediate openings for  RedShift Database Engineer  @  Infosys  Notice period:  Immediate to 15 days NP ONLY  Experience-  5+ Years  Location-  Pune, Hyderabad, Chennai Detailed job description -  Skill Set:  RedShift Database Engineer Higher Education  (with passed out year) : About Company: Ilabz is the global leader in contingent and permanent staffing,  providing organizations of all s with a continuum of staffing solutions to enhance business agility & competitiveness. Our deep understanding of business needs,  and of the talent required to meet those needs,  provides us with a better approach to matching the right individual to the job with better business results for our clients. We operate in North America and we do have our offshore center in Chennai,  India. We are the expert partners for Recruitment,  Administrative,  Contact Center,  Industrial,  Production and Skilled Trades talent.
Service Engineer For Secuirty System Firm Located at Marol Andheri  (E);Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Mumbai;1- 2 Years;150000- 250000;Job Description : Job Description 1.Having good knowledge about computer €™s software and hardware. 2.Having excellent problem- solving abilities. 3.Being able to understand client ´s needs. 4.Good Communication
Director,  Storage Systems Engineering;Mulya Consulting;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore;14- 24 Years;Not Specified;"Location :  Bangalore  This position is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Semiconductor Product Company with revenue more than 30 Billion USD)   Our client is a world leader  (Top5 Semicon Company in 2018)  in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. They have over 34, 000 team members in 17 countries who work with the worlds most trusted brands,  delivering memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications and sparking countless possibilities in technology Our vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life and our dedication to people,  innovation,  tenacity,  partnership,  and customer focus allows us to fulfill our mission to be a global leader in memory and storage solutions. This means conducting business with integrity,  accountability,  and collaboration while supporting our global community.  Director,  Storage Systems Engineering This role is for Director,  Storage Systems Design Engineering who will be responsible for end to end 3DXP solutions. This role will work with various engineering groups within an organization to design,  execute and qualify 3DXP based solutions. You will work on a plan with stake holders,  which include 3DXP solution leaders,  architect,  hardware team,  RTL Design,  Design verification,  front end and back end firmware and system validation. You will work with stake- holders to get a plan and execute on plan and track plan with meetings,  tools to deliver end- to- end and keep stake holders updated with schedule,  risk and any other update. You will be the SME for the 3DXP engineering team at executive reviews.  Qualifications Hands- on Technical project /   program management at global level Should have strong storage fundamentals and storage protocols Strong PCIe and NVMe fundamentals Knowledge of firmware,  hardware and design Preferred RTL and FPGA OS fundamentals with working knowledge of windows and Linux Having worked and delivered enterprise level storage product Proven forward- thinking leader with the ability to inspire change and to influence and build consensus with highly technical teams and senior leadership Demonstrate teamwork,  self- development,  drive for results,  integrity,  and trust Demonstrate good interpersonal skills.  Education Bachelors Degree or higher. Equivalent experience in engineering or related field of study will be considered  Experience 14+ years relevant working experience and 8+ years team management experience  Workplace Bangalore  About Us  As the leader in creative memory solutions,  we are helping the world make sense of data by delivering technology that is transforming how the world uses information. Through our global brands . We are the only company manufacturing todays major memory and storage technologies:  DRAM,  NAND,  NOR and 3D XPoint memory. Our solutions are purpose built to use the value of data to unlock financial insights,  accelerate scientific breakthroughs and improve communication around the world.   Contact:  Uday Bhaskar   Mulya Technologies  ""Mining the Knowledge Community""  Email id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Senior ASIC Design Engineer;Mulya Consulting;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;6- 11 Years;Not Specified;"Location :  Hyderabad Senior ASIC Design Engineer This is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Product MNC with revenue of more than 30 Billion USD) our client is a world leader in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. For nearly 40 years,  our company has been instrumental to the worlds most significant technology advancements,  delivering optimal memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications. Senior ASIC Design Engineer Job Description This is a position for Senior ASIC Design Engineer The candidate will have a key role in the definition and delivery of the architecture and development of ASIC Design,  while ensuring on time,  one time best- in- class quality. Job Requirements Proven hands- on experience with SOC ASIC and IPs designKnowledge and experience with big SoC designs based on ARM /  ARC and hierarchical interconnect. Highly experienced and deep knowledge of IP and SoC design flows and methodologies  (Lint,  CDC,  Synthesis,  power) . Experience with UFS  (MIPI+UNIPRO) ,  PCIe,  DDR,  NAND I /  F  (advantage) Excellent problem- solving skills. Team player with great interpersonal communication skills. Job Qualifications BS /  MS in E&E or related field with 4- 12 years of experience Experience with developing ASIC controllers for storage Proven hands on experience with UFS  (MIPI+UNIPRO) ,  PCIe,  DDR and NAND flash interfaces is an advantage. Deep knowledge of IP and SoC design flows and methodologies  (Lint,  CDC,  Synthesis,  power) Ability to work with local and remote teams  (DV and physical) Contact Uday Mulya Technologies ""Mining the knowledge Community"" Email:  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Engineering Director,  ASIC Design /   3DXP;Mulya Consulting;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore;14- 24 Years;Not Specified;"Location :  Bangalore  This position is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Semiconductor Product Company with revenue more than 30 Billion USD)   Our client is a world leader  (Top5 Semicon Company in 2018)  in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. They have over 34, 000 team members in 17 countries who work with the worlds most trusted brands,  delivering memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications and sparking countless possibilities in technology  Engineering Director,  ASIC Design /   3DXP  Our vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life and our dedication to people,  innovation,  tenacity,  partnership,  and customer focus allows us to fulfill our mission to be a global leader in memory and storage solutions. This means conducting business with integrity,  accountability,  and collaboration while supporting our global community.  Job Description We are looking for a high energy,  driven leader with strong work ethic and integrity to join us as Engineering Director,  ASIC Design /   3DXP. In this role,  you will be directly responsible for crafting the vision and management of a department to enable outstanding quality and a high- performance team. Major Responsibilities  Build an Effective Team Lead,  manage,  and develop a motivated high- performance team  Mange a team of RTL design including hiring activities  Teams task assignment,  status and schedule tracking,  debug and problem solving  Collaborate with cross- functional teams towards project success  Optimize department and team performance and structure  Provide detailed performance management for all direct reports with formal and informal feedback,  work on a plan jointly to improve strengths and address weaknesses,  and establish performance plan goals with line of sight to company goals,  initiatives and strategy.  Qualifications In- depth knowledge of SoC design flow in different design phases  Preferred Storage /   SAS /   NVMe /   PCIe experience  Demonstrate capability to provide guidance to engineers to ensure design quality  A proven track record of leading a project from specification to mass production  Demonstrated forward- thinking leader with the ability to inspire change and to influence and build consensus with highly technical teams and senior leadership  Demonstrate teamwork,  self- development,  drive for results,  integrity,  and trust  Demonstrate good interpersonal skills.  Education Bachelors Degree or higher. Equivalent experience in engineering or related field of study will be considered  Experience 14+ years relevant working experience and 8+ years team management experience  Workplace Bangalore  About Us  As the leader in creative memory solutions,  we are helping the world make sense of data by delivering technology that is transforming how the world uses information. Through our global brands . We are the only company manufacturing todays major memory and storage technologies:  DRAM,  NAND,  NOR and 3D XPoint memory. Our solutions are purpose built to use the value of data to unlock financial insights,  accelerate scientific breakthroughs and improve communication around the world.   Contact:  Uday Bhaskar   Mulya Technologies  ""Mining the Knowledge Community""  Email id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Civil Engineer, Site engineer, Diploma Civil, Site supervisor, Site Engineer, Civil Site Engineer Jobs;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0- 1 Years;300000- 700000;Civil Engineer, Site engineer, Diploma Civil, Site supervisor, Site Engineer, Civil Site Engineer Jobs  Grab the Golden Opportunity......................... For more details call 9167951498 Kindly walk in with resume & walk out with offer letter between 9.30am -  5pm Location -  Thane ,  Mumbai & Navi Mumbai Candidates from Central line can apply Job Location : -  Near By Age :  - 18 to 35 Salary :  -  12k to 18k PF and Attactive Incentive Job Timing :  -  9: 30 to 6: 30  /   10: 00 to 7: 00 Male Can Apply Only Fresher Can  Apply Carry CV and Passport Size Photo Walk In Interview In Thane HEAD OFFICE IN THANE CALL NOW HR POOJA :  -  9167951498
Openings for Design engineers in Reputed company;Diraa HR Services;Coimbatore;0- 4 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical designers typically begin a project by meeting with project managers,  engineers,  and clients to understand the needs and requirements for a new product or mechanical system.Designers typically have working knowledge of mechanical parts as well as computer- aided design  (CAD)  software,  such as AutoCAD, Solidworks, CATIA, PRO- E, CREO. mechanical designer it is necessary to have a certificate or associates degree in mechanical design technology or a related field.  Thanks®ardsDiraa hr servicesJeevitha- HR8220924477
Quality Analyst Manager  /   Software Testing  (5 -  10 Years);null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai;5- 10 Years;Not Specified;Quality Analyst  /   Software Testing Professional. Experience with Selenium and Load Runner /   jMeter is mandatory Client:  Top Leading Information Technology Company  (Company name will be revealed after initial screening) To get Client  /   Interview details, Whatsapp or SMS  (QA /  MUM /  0202)  at +91- 8818084484Drop resume athr @ r3managements. com  Quality Analyst Manager 1. Perform and monitor blackbox testing of software modules. 2. Organize and facilitate reviews,  inspections,  and walkthroughs of test plans 3. Automate test flows using contemporary tools and technologies like Web Selenium, 4. Automate Performance Testing using jMeter  /   Loadrunner etc. 5. Cooridinate with teams to explore requirements & designs and execute acceptance tests and develop quality plans 6. Prepare test strategy,  test scenarios,  write test specifications and help in review of deliverables 7. Investigate potential defects identified during the Test execution phase. Suggest modifications in system design /   specifications after making necessary evaluations 8. Ensure timely delivery of different testing milestones 9. Support in estimation and planning for development of the test automation framework
Warehouse Assistant Logistics Executive Operations Executive Store Keeper Packing Job 9167273892;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0- 1 Years;Not Specified;Warehouse Assistant Logistics Executive Operations Executive Store Keeper Packing Job 9167273892 Limited Vacancy....Fast …..Fast Apply...Hurry Up Guyzzz Mumbai  /   Navi Mumbai  /  Thane 
Principal STA Engineer;Mulya Consulting;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;8- 16 Years;Not Specified;"Location :  Hyderabad This is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Product MNC with revenue of more than 30 Billion USD)  our client is a world leader in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. For nearly 40 years,  our company has been instrumental to the worlds most significant technology advancements,  delivering optimal memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications. Responsibilities include,  but not limited to:  Hands- on write constraints for designs with complex clock structures Constraint& mode reduction,  own design timing across functions Drive Design margins Setup distributed processing flows for STA Generate timing ECOs for Physical design Validate timing constraints Build /  Create PoR for STA Come up with innovative ways to reduce TAT and bring more predictability. Mentor junior engineers Minimum Qualifications: A minimum with 8- 16 years of physical design experience Has done atleast one full hands- on TO in 16nm or below. Proficient in design margins Proficient in SDC constructs Proficient with EDA tools from Synopsys /  Cadence Proficient in Tcl and Perl Excellent analytical skills Shown ability to collaborate in a multi- functional environment,  cross- site or cross- time zone Preferred Skills: Strong interpersonal skills both written and verbal You are ambitious,  goal- oriented,  and dedicated Collaborate effectively in a dynamic environment Contact Uday Mulya Technologies ""Mining the knowledge Community"" Email:  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
ASIC Architect;Mulya Consulting;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;10- 20 Years;Not Specified;"Location :  Hyderabad This position is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Semiconductor Product Company with revenue more than 30 Billion USD)  Our client is a world leader  (Top5 Semicon Company in 2018)  in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. They have over 34, 000 team members in 17 countries who work with the worlds most trusted brands,  delivering memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications and sparking countless possibilities in technology Seeking an ASIC Architect for clients ASIC architecture team. You should have strong knowledge and experience with all aspects of the SOC design and implementation flow including coverage driven verification,  synthesis,  P&R,  STA,  DFT,  power- islands,  floor- planning,  CTS,  IR- drop and an understanding of how architecture decisions impact these flows. You will be responsible for developing,  contributing,  and leading ASIC macro and micro- architecture activities in our storage- based controllers. You should be highly motivated with strong communication skills,  attention to detail,  and quality oriented. Candidates with a take- ownership attitude will succeed in this role. Responsibilities include,  but not limited to:  Reviewing product and FW requirements Working with other ASIC architects and with system architects to define and document the feature sets and data /  control flows implemented by the controller and each of its component IPs Defining requirements for ASIC design,  verification,  and physical implementation teams Evaluating area,  performance,  power,  and ease- of- implementation trade- offs between different implementation solutions Reviewing and configuring 3rd party IPs Supporting other teams in the ASIC organization and reviewing their work Supporting product teams with documentation,  code- reviews,  and silicon debug Continuously finding opportunities for improving design quality and design practices Minimum Qualifications:  Bachelor degree in Engineering but Master degree preferred 10+ years of ASIC architecture experience with strong knowledge of PCIe + NVMe and /  or UFS in a storage application RTL design experience in Verilog /  System Verilog Knowledge and experience in various aspects of SOC design,  verification,  and implementation flows Experience with low- power design techniques Scripting and Unix shell language experience:  e.g. Perl,  Python,  Unix shell scripts Ability to read and understand SW code Understanding of CPU and memory architectures,  datapath pipelining mechanisms,  distributed system design,  ASIC low- power implementations,  clock and reset methodologies Preferred Skills:  Experience with HW modeling languages ASIC architecture experience in NAND based storage products  (e.g. SSD,  eMMC,  UFS,  USB)  Design /  architecture experience with high- speed serial and parallel interfaces  (e.g. PCIe,  MIPI,  DDR,  LPDDR,  ONFI)  Design /  architecture experience with NVMe and /  or UFS host protocols Familiarity with automotive design and qualification processes are a bonus Contact:  Uday Bhaskar Mulya Technologies ""Mining the Knowledge Community"" Email id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Senior Firmware Engineer;Mulya Consulting;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;2- 7 Years;Not Specified;"Senior Firmware Engineer -  SSD   Location :  Hyderabad This position is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Semiconductor Product Company with revenue more than 30 Billion USD)   Our client is a world leader  (Top5 Semicon Company in 2018)  in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. They have over 34, 000 team members in 17 countries who work with the worlds most trusted brands,  delivering memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications and sparking countless possibilities in technology  our vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life and our commitment to people,  innovation,  tenacity,  collaboration,  and customer focus allows us to fulfill our mission to be a global leader in memory and storage solutions. This means conducting business with integrity,  accountability,  and professionalism while supporting our global community. our Nonvolatile Engineering Group is focused on developing leading- edge memory controller and System- on- Chip  (SoC)  designs,  incorporating advanced HW and FW to enable SSD and Managed NAND product roadmap. We are rapidly growing our team to take advantage of the fast- growing market opportunities and outstanding memory technology. We are developing world beating solutions by focusing on high quality engineering,  utilizing the latest tools and techniques and working in a tightly- knit team based environment. We strive for a highly productive and enjoyable working environment. It is a priority for us to provide a rich and nurturing environment where everybody in the team can contribute and grow their skills and knowledge.  Responsibilities include,  but not limited to: Working as a developer you will be part of a team implementing the FW for the latest SSD controllers with a responsibility for the delivery of high quality,  high performance designs. You will work in partnership with the architectural and firmware leadership team defining the overall solution and then working to design,  implement and then functionally test your components. You will be working to ensure the delivered firmware is to a very high quality,  utilizing an Agile like approach of iterative development,  test driven development and continuous integration. You will need to focus on ensuring you use the highest programming standards to produce highly readable and maintainable code,  in addition to meeting the performance and reliability objectives. You will work on projects from their earliest inception,  through simulation and pre SoC tapeout on FPGA and co- design environments,  SoC bringup and support the design through customer qualification and ramp into production. You will study and understand new features proposed in JEDEC and development prototype /  proof of concept innovation solutions.  Minimum Qualifications:  In depth knowledge and extensive experience with deeply embedded firmware development  Extensive experience with C /  C++ and assembly programming  You are an authority in the use of scripting languages,  programming tools and environment  Experience working in a sophisticated technology company  Experience of the storage industry,  in SSD,  HDD,  storage systems or a related technology  You have a deep understanding of storage interfaces including ideally PCIe /  NVMe,  AHCI,  SATA,  SAS,  UFS,  eMMC  You have experience with advanced NAND flash and other non- volatile storage  You possess a BSEE or equivalent required  About Us  As the leader in innovative memory solutions,  we are helping the world make sense of data by delivering technology that is transforming how the world uses information. Through our global brands -  -  we offer the industrys broadest portfolio. We are the only company manufacturing todays major memory and storage technologies:  DRAM,  NAND,  NOR and 3D XPoint memory. Our solutions are purpose built to leverage the value of data to unlock financial insights,  accelerate scientific breakthroughs and enhance communication around the world.   Contact:  Uday Bhaskar   Mulya Technologies  ""Mining the Knowledge Community""  Email id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Trainee Electrical Engineer;null;Pune;0- 1 Years;Not Specified;Preparing and agreeing project specifications,  budgets and timescales with clients Undertaking relevant research Implementing designs Creating test procedures Testing,  evaluating,  modifying and re- testing products Writing reports and documentation Analysing and interpreting data
Senior Signal Integrity Engineer;Mulya Consulting;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore;9- 14 Years;Not Specified;"Senior Signal Integrity Engineer Location :  Bangalore This position is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Semiconductor Product Company with revenue more than 30 Billion USD) Our client is a world leader  (Top5 Semicon Company in 2018)  in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. They have over 34, 000 team members in 17 countries who work with the worlds most trusted brands,  delivering memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications and sparking countless possibilities in technology Job Description:  Designs,  develops,  modifies and evaluates signal integrity solutions for the hardware storage solution,  ensuring the integrity of the hardware system for all the parametric of Signal integrity. Perform pre-  and post- route signal integrity analysis of high speed designs with Model acquisition and verification,  Generate and verify PCB layout rules,  Perform static timing analysis of synchronous interfaces,  Perform DC and AC Power Integrity Analysis, Perform lab measurements for design validation and simulation correlations,  Preliminary co- optimization  (cost /  power /  performance)  of IP circuits architecture,  package,  and system designs through comprehensive system level electrical analysis, Work with design teams to evaluate design tradeoffs for design optimization considering performance,  cost and manufacturability requirements. Require strong communication,  stakeholders management,  working in a startup based environment to foster strong collaborations across groups and influence all stakeholder towards delivering the optimal end system solution Qualifications:  Must have BE  /   MS in Electrical Engineering or Electronics Engineering with minimum 10+ years experience with below skill sets: Strong electrical /  electromagnetic fundamentals Strong Signal /  Power Integrity fundamentals Strong experience simulating memory interfaces is required  (DDR3 /  DDR4,  LPDDR3 /  4,  NAND Flash) Strong experience simulating High Speed Serial IO interfaces is required  (PCIe Gen3 /  4,  SATA,  SAS) Strong knowledge of Power Delivery Network,  impedance profile analysis,  including low power methodologies; power delivery modelling and complete system level power delivery modelling Strong knowledge in simulation tools like HFSS,  Hspice,  Sigrity,  Ansys,  ADS etc.,  Cadence Allegro PCB designer Good knowledge of basic electronic equipment including digital oscilloscope,  DMM,  network analyzer,  VNA /  TDR etc. Good system /  board design knowledge and process awareness Awareness of technical advances within the storage industry and applies this knowledge to products and processes Contact:  Uday Bhaskar Mulya Technologies ""Mining the Knowledge Community"" Email id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Lead Software Engineer;Informatica business solutions pvt ltd;Other India;;Not Specified;Position :  Lead Software Engineer *Primary Responsibility: This key individual will serve as Technical Support champion for both internal and external customers. The Technical Support Engineer will exercise independent initiative with the authority to act in order to meet all requirements for the customer. Diagnose and resolve technical inquiries related to Informatica software products. Manage communications to customers at all levels to maintain positive relationships. Utilize information tools,  training and experience to provide high level of customer satisfaction Participate in problem escalation and call prevention projects to help customers and other technical specialists increase their efficiency with our products Mentor and assist junior engineers to define action plans towards successful issue resolution and ensure customer satisfaction Acquire specialized knowledge in specific Informatica Products Liaise with Engineering and QA teams on technical discussions as required to ensure tracking and resolution of Change Requests Review business procedures and processes to improve Quality of service Requirements: Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or related technical field with 4+ years of industry experience OR Master’s degree in Computer Science or related technical field with 4+ years of industry experience in supporting mission critical software components Strong experience in Linux OS scripting and architecture Excellent grasp of relational database management theory and practices Excellent written,  verbal communication skillsHigh degree of analytical and problem- solving abilities Team player who shares ideas and resourcesAbility to work with minimum supervision Desired: Experience with Big Data technologies or Informatica Data Quality The candidate must be proficient in spoken and written English to be able to communicate with Customers globally
Civil Engineer,  Civil Supervisor,   Civil Draftsman,   Civil Construction,  Civil Design job 9152214394;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0- 1 Years;Not Specified;Civil Engineer,  Civil Supervisor,  Civil Draftsman,  Civil Construction,  Civil Design job 9152214394 Salary:  - 12000 to 25000 + PF + Other Benefits.  Education : - Bachelor of Technology  (B.Tech)   (Diploma)  Bachelor of Engineering  (B.E.)  mandatory  Experience : - 0 to 6 month Experience  as Civil Engineer in preferred Location :  thane,  kalyan,  dadar  /   bhandup  /   sion  /  vashi,   /  panvel,   /  new Mumbai  /   belapur  /  andheri /    vasai  /   kandiwali Gender: -  Male & Female preferred   Shift Time : - 9:  30 am -  6: 30 pm  (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days : - 6 Days Weekly off : - sunday, Interview Time: -  10: 00 am -  5: 00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person: - priyanka Contact Details: - Click To Call HR: - 9152214394
Software Engineer;null;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore;5- 8 Years;Not Specified;Roles & Responsibilities  Architecting,  Designing and coding out simple & scalable engineering solutions -  for complex product & customer needs Collaborating closely with Engineering Managers & Product Managers influencing the product & engg. outcomes -  taking data driven decisions which are customer first Taking complete ownership and leading outcome -  of our most demanding,  cross- functional projects Working with a diverse team of smart Engineers -  who are always hungry for challenges Mentoring team members on advanced technical issues -  helping them achieve greatness too Bringing in technical influence & best practices to multiple teams -  increasing their productivity and effectiveness by sharing your deep knowledge and experience
Senior Engineer,  SSD Validation;Mulya Consulting;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;4- 9 Years;Not Specified;"Senior SSD Validation Engineer Location :  Hyderabad Senior Validation Engineer- SSD Our client is a world leader  (Top5 Semicon Company in 2018)  in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. They have over 34, 000 team members in 17 countries who work with the worlds most trusted brands,  delivering memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications and sparking countless possibilities in technology We are looking for a Senior SSD Validation Engineer  /   Validation Engineer to join our SSD System Validation Engineering team. This individual will provide device and system failure analysis for our client & enterprise SSD products,  and influence improvements to our validation processes and strategies. Responsibilities Include,  But Not Limited To SATA and NVMe Device and System Failure Analysis and Debug. Characterization and replication of issues discovered in complex customer environments. Explore and recommend improvements to SSD validation,  including test coverage plans,  validation strategies,  and validation processes. Collaborate with process owners,  firmware developers,  validation engineers,  and test developers to identify valuable improvements to our products and processes. Minimum Qualifications 6+ years of relevant experience. High level of competency with storage protocols  (SATA,  NVMe,  PCIe) Direct experience with SATA or NVMe devices including bus trace analysis and system characterization. Proficiency with System Architectures,  BIOS configuration,  Operating System implementation and configuration,  storage subsystems and SSD technology Highly effective communication and teamwork skills Adaptable to fast- paced,  dynamic work environment with shifting demand Education:  BS or higher in a technical discipline Contact:  Uday Bhaskar Mulya Technologies ""Mining the Knowledge Community"" Email id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Interior Designer,   Interior Architect,  Textile Designer,  Interior supervisor job 9152214394;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0- 1 Years;Not Specified;Interior Designer,  Interior Architect,  Textile Designer,  Interior supervisor job 9152214394 Salary:  - 12000 to 25000 + PF + Other Benefits. Education : - 10th  /   12th pass & Graduation degree preferred  (B.Arch.)  in Architecture  /    (Diploma )  in Interior Designer preferred Experience : - fresher & 6 month Experience in Draftsman Construction  /   Infrastructure or Architecture  /   Interior Design preferred Location :  thane,  kalyan,  dadar  /   bhandup  /   sion  /  vashi,   /  panvel,   /  new Mumbai  /   belapur andheri /   mirard  /   vasai  /   kandiwali Gender: -  Male & Female preferred  Age : - Above 18 yrs Shift Time : - 10:  00 am -  6: 00 pm  (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days : - 6 Days Weekly of : - Sunday Interview Time: -  11: 00 am -  4: 00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person: - priti Contact Details: - Click To Call HR: - 9152214394
Principal Verification Engineer  /   Emulation;Mulya Consulting;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;6- 11 Years;Not Specified;"Location :  Hyderabad Our client is a world leader  (Top5 Semicon Company in 2018)  in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. They have over 34, 000 team members in 17 countries who work with the worlds most trusted brands,  delivering memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications and sparking countless possibilities in technology Position Description This is a position for a senior technical member of clients ASIC SoC Platform Emulation team. The candidate will have a key role in architecture and development of advanced SoC verification and emulation environments for complex SoC components,  while ensuring on time,  one time best- in- class quality of clients ASIC. Job Responsibilities Interact with architecture and design teams to identify test FW verification requirements. Architect SoC test FW and create test plan documentation to cover ASIC features. Develop and debug SoC ASIC platform test FW and specific tests in C /  C++. Develop SV monitors to measure performance and improve Verification Environment Develop flows to automate verification environment development and drive team Involve in both Pre- silicon and Post- silicon validation Utilize developed ASIC test FW on RTL simulations,  Netlist simulations and Emulation platforms. Job Qualifications Bachelors /  Masters in Engineering. At least 8+ years of SoC verification experience with C /  C++ tests. At least 4+ years of experience in SV  /   SVA Experience in MUB Bring- up activity and Emulation platform Knowledge of industry standard interfaces,  such as UFS,  PCIe,  NVMe,  DDR,  NAND,  AXI is an advantage. Good understanding on ARC /  ARM processor pipeline architectures. Proven experience in scripting languages such as Python  /   Perl  /   TCL Solid verification skills in problem solving,  constrained random testing,  and debugging. Good written and oral communication. Positive attitude must. Contact:  Uday Bhaskar Mulya Technologies ""Mining the Knowledge Community"" Email id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Sr ASIC Design Verification Engr;Mulya Consulting;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;4- 9 Years;Not Specified;"Location :  Hyderabad India ASIC Design Verification Senior our client is a world leader in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. For nearly 40 years,  our company has been instrumental to the worlds most significant technology advancements,  delivering optimal memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications. This is a position for Senior Technical Member of clients ASIC Verification and Emulation group. The candidate will have a key role in architecture and development of advanced verification environments for complex SoC components,  while ensuring on time,  one time best- in- class quality. Job Requirements An expert level with developing UVM- based SV test- benches. Highly experienced with defining block,  sub- system and SOC top level test plans. Relevant experience with one or more of PCIe,  NVMe,  NAND,  DDR and CPU sub- systems. Deep understanding and knowledge of verification methodologies,  flows and quality metrics. Great debugging and problem- solving skills. Team player with great interpersonal communication skills. Job Qualifications Relevant experience in SoC verification. Strong and relevant expertise with ASIC simulation tools and advanced verification methods. Expert level in verification languages such as UVM and System Verilog. Relevant experience with writing block- level and SoC test- plans. Education:  B.S. in electrical engineering,  computer science with extensive industry experience. Contact Uday Mulya Technologies ""Mining the knowledge Community"" Email:  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Civil Engineer, Site engineer, Civil engg, Diploma Civil, Site supervisor, , Construction 9152076966;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0- 1 Years;Not Specified;Civil Engineer, Site engineer, Civil engg, Diploma Civil, Site supervisor, , Construction engineer, Mechanical engineer9152076966 Salary: - 12000 To 20000 Per Month Qualification: - Diploma & Be , B.tech Pass Candidate Can Apply For This job Experience: - Fresher & 6 Month Experience As Mechanical Engineering As preferred Location: - thane  /   vashi  /   andheri  /   new mumbai  /   dadar  /   mira rd  /   vasai  /   panvel  /   ghatkoper  /   borivli  /    Gender: -  Male & Female preferred Shift Time : - 9:  30 am -  6: 30 pm  (day shift) Weekly Working Days : - 6 Days Weekly of : - Sunday Interview Time: -  11: 00 am -  4: 00 pm | Monday to Friday Contact Person: -  anjali Contact Details: - Click To Call HR: - 9152076966 Job Opening: - Limited Vacancy
Building Maintenance Engineer and Association Supervisor;Job Store Consulting;Coimbatore;3- 5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Requirements: • Civil /   Electrical Diploma • 3 /  5 years’ experience in similar work • Basic admin + building maintenance,  annual maintenance contract,  etc • Salary:  Whatever is theindustry standard • No target For more details contact:  HR Manager Subhashini  @ 7540006355  /   [HIDDEN TEXT]
CALIBRATION ENGINEER;Resource Access Management Solutions Private Limited;India;2- 4 Years;Not Specified;JOB DESCRIPTION Candidates should have 2 – 4 years of experience in PLC Scada Should have working experience in Sterile Injectables Strong focus and Good Communication skills Engaging and friendly personality Collaborative,  flexible and a team player ORGANIZATION WRITE- UP The Client Company is a global,  science- led biopharmaceutical company that focuses on the discovery,  development and commercialization of prescription medicines. Our Purpose is to push the boundaries of science to deliver life- changing medicines. We believe the best way we can achieve our Purpose is to put science at the centre of everything we do. To apply,  send your updated resume to OTHER SERVICES OF RAMSOL )
Senior Scribe & Layout Design Engineer;Mulya Consulting;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;10- 17 Years;Not Specified;Location :  Hyderabad Senior Scribe & Layout Design Engineer This is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Product MNC with revenue of more than 30 Billion USD) our client is a world leader in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. For nearly 40 years,  our company has been instrumental to the worlds most significant technology advancements,  delivering optimal memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications. Our vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life and our dedication to people,  innovation,  tenacity,  teamwork,  and customer focus allows us to fulfill our mission to be a global leader in memory and storage solutions. This means conducting business with integrity,  accountability,  and professionalism while supporting our global community. We are the only company manufacturing todays major memory and storage technologies:  DRAM,  NAND,  NOR,  and 3D XPoint  (TM)  memory. We are looking for a high- energy,  ambitious,  result- driven individual with strong work ethic and integrity to join us as a Sr. Scribe Layout & Design Engineer in Development Group,  and in this role,  you will be supporting development of advanced process technology through scribe test structure design and layout,  CAD,  and reticle creation.  Job Responsibilities Provide layout of test structure sets and custom digital designs in multiple technology nodes while working closely with scribe design and CAD engineers across the globe. Perform layout verifications such as LVS /  DRC /  DFM /  ERC,  quality check,  and provide accurate and timely documentation to ensure creation of parametric workbook. Creation of schematic design and post layout simulation. Own and support multiple projects in parallel through the Reticle Tapeout flow. Support development of advanced memory solutions,  including sub- 1z DRAM and cutting- edge Non- Volatile memory chips. Effectively interact and communicate with internal customers to understand the needs and deliver layouts test structures,  memory array and custom digital designs. Provide technical leadership and mentor junior staff. The ability to work and communicate effectively in a team and to be able to multi- task effectively in a fast- paced working environment.  Requirements Bachelor or higher degree in Electrical /  Electronics Engineering. 8- 15 years of relevant experience in the fields of layout design,  physical verification or related fields. 2 or more years of experience in handling multiple custom IC layout projects. Well versed in schematic design and post layout simulation. Hands on experience with schematic entry,  netlist extraction,  and post layout verification. Understanding of latch up and antenna effects in layout and their mitigation techniques. Deep expertise in IC layout design tools such as Cadence Virtuoso and physical verification tools such as Calibre,  Assura,  or ICV. Strong analytical,  debug,  and problem- solving skills in resolving layout issues related to physical verification and overall layout generation flow Familiarity with semiconductor electrical fundamentals and device physics. Capable of working in a cross functional and multi- site team environment spanning multiple time zones.  Other desired skills Knowledge of semiconductor fabrication process in at least one technology such as DRAM,  NAND,  NOR or Logic. Capability to create scripts to improve layout efficiency and workflow. Experience with custom analog Design and layout for memory or an OEM is a plus. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race,  color,  religion,  sex,  sexual orientation,  gender identity,  national origin,  veteran or disability status.  Workplace Location Hyderabad
Openings in singapore country (s pass only);Diraa HR Services;Singapore;2- 7 Years;Not Specified;We are hiring candidates for singapore process. we are  Hiring  candidates for the domain such as, site engineer, logistics, mechanical  engineers (production, Quality, maintenance)  , Banking and admin role. Requirements: Degree Holder or Diploma Holder2+ years of relevant experience Possess good organisational,  communication & interpersonal skills Able to communicate in English and other languages Notes:  freshers are not eligible for s pass. Thanks & RegardsDiraa HR servicesJeevitha- Hr8220924477
Shriram Finance -  Management Trainee Walk- in Interview  @  Bangalore;Novac Technology Solutions Private Limited;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore;0- 2 Years;Not Specified;Position         :  Management Trainee  (MT) Qualification  :  First Class B.E /  B Tech  (Mechanical or Automobile)  or MBA  (Finance or Marketing)  2018 /  2019 passed out  (Male Candidates only) Job Location :  Across Bangalore. Remuneration :  Rs.2.44 to 2.77 LPA  Walk- in details:  Bangalore – 08.02.2020 -   (2.00 PM - 5.00 PM)  & 09.02.2020-   (9.30 AM – 2.00 PM) SHRIRAM TRANSPORT FINANCE CO. LTD. CHHABRIA SQUARE,  1ST CROSS,   R R M EXTENSION,  SUDHAMANAGAR K H ROAD- 560027  The job profile is into Commercial Vehicle Finance and dealing with customers for  Finance & Recovery, which includes Proper financing, vehicle evaluation, regular visit to customer, Collections & recovery etc.  Age not above 25 yrs  (born on or after 01 /  01 /  1995)  Regards, HR Team, Shriram Group,                Ph: 044- 42913019
Construction Manager;null;Canada;3- 9 Years;Not Specified;-  Manage the construction effort and be the construction representative of our company with Client.-  To plan,  develop and organize the construction effort to formulates.-  the most cost- effective plan to timely completion within budget and to implement the execution of that plan.- Participate in the conceptual development of a construction project and oversee its organization,  scheduling,  and implementation.
TESTING ANALYST;Resource Access Management Solutions Private Limited;India;;Not Specified;JOB DESCRIPTION Roles and Responsibility Analyzing users stories and /  use cases /  requirements for validity and feasibility Collaborate closely with other team members and departments Execute all levels of testing  (System,  Integration,  and Regression) Design and develop automation scripts when needed Detect and track software defects and inconsistencias Provide timely solutions Apply quality engineering principals throughout the Agile product lifecycle Provide support and documentation Software Tester requirements and qualifications Prior experience as a Software Tester or similar role Ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously Prior experience in data analysis HHS EPLC experience preferred Ability to work in a fast paced environment with minimal supervision Sense of ownership and pride in your performance and its impact on company’s success Critical thinker and problem- solving skills Team player Good time- management skills Great interpersonal and communication skills Organization Write- Up This leading Global IT Company,  a leading information technology,  consulting and business process services company,  and this company,  a leader in technology- enabled health,  wealth,  HR and finance solutions,  today announced a long- term relationship which will reshape the HR services industry by providing clients with the breadth and depth of capabilities from the two industry- leading organizations. This strategic partnership[1] will enable the company to accelerate investment in consumer- facing technologies and services across its health,  wealth and cloud businesses by leveraging the companys industry- leading strengths in automation,  machine learning and data analytics. Additionally,  it will acquire and take on responsibility for the services delivered from the companys India locations. It has developed a rich set of technology and delivery capabilities across its India centers located in Gurgaon,  Noida,  Mumbai and Chennai. This Leading IT company is a leading global information technology,  consulting and business process services company. We harness the power of cognitive computing,  hyper- automation,  robotics,  cloud,  analytics and emerging technologies to help our clients adapt to the digital world and make them successful. A company recognized globally for its comprehensive portfolio of services,  strong commitment to sustainability and good corporate citizenship,  we have over 160, 000 dedicated employees serving clients across six continents. Together,  we discover ideas and connect the dots to build a better and a bold new future. As a leading provider of benefits administration and cloud- based HR and financial solutions,  we enhance work and life through our service,  technology and data. Our dedicated colleagues across 14 global centers deliver an unrivaled consumer experience for our clients and their people.
Big Data Engineer design and implement Big Data tools and frameworks;Keyquest Technologies Private Limited;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore,  Chennai;3- 5 Years;Not Specified;Big Data Engineer Responsibilities:    • Meeting with managers to determine the company’s Big Data needs. • Developing Hadoop systems. • Loading disparate data sets and conducting pre- processing services using Hive or Pig. • Finalizing the scope of the system and delivering Big Data solutions. • Managing the communications between the internal system and the survey vendor. • Collaborating with the software research and development teams. • Building cloud platforms for the development of company applications. • Maintaining production systems. • Training staff on data resource management. Big Data Engineer Requirements:   • Bachelor’s degree in Computer Engineering or Computer Science. • Previous experience as a Big Data Engineer. • In- depth knowledge of Hadoop,  Spark,  and similar frameworks. • Knowledge of scripting languages including Java,  C++,  Linux,  Ruby,  PHP,  Python,  and R. • Knowledge of NoSQL and RDBMS databases including Redis and MongoDB. • Familiarity with Mesos,  AWS,  and Docker tools. • Excellent project management skills. • Good communication skills. • Ability to solve complex networking,  data,  and software issues.
ENGINEER -  ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE;Resource Access Management Solutions Private Limited;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore;5- 13 Years;Not Specified;JOB DESCRIPTION Your Mission Our purpose is to provide the intelligent automation platform and services that optimises our business processes through Artificial Intelligence  (AI /  ML)  and Robotics to provide radically simpler customer experiences and banking processes execution. Here,  engineering is about delivering a seamless customer experience at scale through working with the rest of the business in an innovative,  adaptive and agile way. You will have significant hands on engineering  /   development experience to drive software delivery excellence and engineering standards for the platform. You will enforce best practices for development teams and help guide the overarching platform architectural needs. As an Engineer,  you will be responsible for designing,  building,  testing and supporting Intelligent Automation solutions and /  or our underlying bank infrastructure. Engineers work closely with squad members to ensure outcomes exceed our customers’ expectations. Who are you? You will also a combination of the following specialised skills: · Experience in modern development practices and languages such as Python,  Java,  Node.js and REST APIs. · Experience in working with Machine Learning frameworks such as Tensorflow,  Apache MXNet,  H2O,  Caffe etc. · Experience working with operations and architecture groups developing scalable and supportable solutions · The ability to diagnose defects  /   issues across the full stack · Write unit tests,  perform code reviews,  and be involved with design discussions about architecture,  data models,  business logic · Attention to detail and strong focus on quality and software engineering excellence · A desire to continuously adopt new techniques  /   technologies and drive innovation for the Global bank · Experience with continuous integration /  delivery. Tooling such as Git /  GitHub,  Bamboo /  Jenkins,  Docker,  Kubernetes /  OpenShift,  SonarCube,  etc. · A thirst and willingness to expand and gain knowledge in new technologies  (e.g. Machine Learning  /   AI) · Experience developing,  delivering and operating large scale highly integrated systems · Experience in processes and technology standards · Obsessed with software engineering excellence,  new methodologies and leading change ORGANIZATION WRITE- UP The Global MNC Bank has a proud heritage of more than 180 years. Our purpose is to shape a world where people and communities thrive. That is why we strive to create a balanced,  sustainable economy in which everyone can take part and build a better life. We employ more than 50, 000 people and have our global headquarters in Melbourne. The Global Bank is among the top 4 banks in Australia,  the largest banking group in New Zealand and Pacific,  and among the top 50 banks in the world. To apply,  send your updated resume to OTHER SERVICES OF RAMSOL
Safety Officer,  Safety Fire,  Industrial Safety,  Safety construction, Safety Engineer job 8425014502;null;Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0- 2 Years;Not Specified;Safety Officer,  Safety Fire,  Industrial Safety,  Safety construction, Safety Engineer job 8425014502Salary: - 12000 To 20000 Per Month Qualification: - Diploma & Be , B.tech Pass Candidate Can Apply For This job •Experience: - Fresher & 6 Month Experience As preferred   Safety Officer Job Duties: Auditing production,  keeping on the lookout for any unsafe behaviour or breaks in regulations Assessing risk and possible safety hazards of all aspects of operations Creating analytical reports of safety data Inspecting production equipment and processes to make sure they are safe Ordering repairs for unsafe and /  or damaged equipment Focusing on prevention by keeping up with equipment maintenance and employee training Presenting safety principles to staff in meetings or lecture- type training sessions Shift Time : - 10:  00 am -  6: 30 pm  (day shift)   Weekly Working Days : - 6 Days Weekly of : - Sunday Interview Time: -  11: 00 am -  4: 00 pm | Monday to Friday Contact Person: - tejal - 8425014502 Contact Details: - Click To Call HR 8425014502
Senior C++ developer;3i Infotech Limited;Chennai;6- 10 Years;Not Specified;The Role Logitech is the world’s leading provider of personal peripherals that connect people in a natural,  intuitive way to the digital experiences they care about. Our product design group strives at developing products with a powerful blend of of artistic design,  surprising science,  and innovation driven by consumer insight. Focused on innovation and quality,  we want to change the way people use our peripherals by offering more comfortable,  fun,  productive,  convenient,  delightful and seamless experience with the digital world! A fundamental part of our strategy is having desirable and powerful devices that enable the experiences people want. Our Consumer Computing Platforms Engineering group is actively looking for a talented Sr. Software Engineer to work on our next generation software for productivity peripherals. You will be responsible for overall system design and development efforts. You will be a critical member of a team that includes firmware,  software,  design validation and Marketing. You will be responsible for optimizing core aspects of the device that are critical to product design and experience. Your Contribution • Lead or support engineering efforts in the design,  and development of our next generation software for Logitech’s input peripherals using C++. • You will write automation tests as part of your feature development using Python and Robot Framework • You will work with various cross- functional teams:  Product management,  Firmware,  QA and other business units to drive forward development of new product features • You will ensure requirements comply with product goals and desired user experience. • You will participate and conduct technical reviews of system design and interface requirements and provide technical feedback and make recommendations. Required Skill Sets • 6+ years experience supporting engineering efforts • BS /  MS in Computer Science or equivalent technical field • Strong software design & development experience in C++. • Proficient in Python • Experience with Windows /  Mac. • Strong Microsoft Visual Studio development experience. • Strong OOP fundamentals • Experience with C++ 11 and 14 language  (modern C++)  a plus • Must have strong problem- solving and troubleshooting skills. • Strong understanding of the Software design /  architecture process • Excellent written and verbal skills • Commercial experience developing software that interacts with hardware devices a major plus Small Company. Big Products Logitech is the sweet spot for people who are passionate about products,  making a mark,  and having fun doing it. As a company,  we’re small and flexible enough for every person to take initiative and make things happen. But we’re big enough in our portfolio,  and reach,  for those actions to have a global impact. That’s a pretty sweet spot to be in and we’re always striving to keep it that way.
Principal Engineer;Mulya Consulting;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;9- 14 Years;Not Specified;"As a Principal Engineer within the Media Architecture Group ,  you will be responsible for the development and integration of nonvolatile solid state memory into our growing portfolio of system products. This is a key creative and development position where you will provide guidance and direction globally,  setting the vision for generations of future products. As such,  candidates are expected to be proficient subject matter experts in system integration,  system debug,  data gathering,  and failure analysis. Successful candidates for this position will:   Work in a high- profile role within the Media Architecture Group guiding media integration into future system products. Collaborate across various engineering and business groups in order to develop advanced solid state memory based storage architectures for future system products. Leverage and consult with advanced subject matter experts,  influencing the future direction of solid state memory and system products. Participate and guide system product roadmaps. Take a leadership role in system requirements for media development,  with a vision that is disruptive,  and timed to align with system roadmap demands. Develop and apply advanced algorithms in order to improve the functionality and lifespan of system products. Create tests,  failure analysis processes,  and methodologies that quickly and reliably produce media related solutions and results. Drive successful test and reliability engineering programs that advance solid state memory in system products. Set the bar for quality and excellence in product design and test methodologies for system products. Successful candidates for this position are typically capable of demonstrating:   Technical expertise on media and read channel integration. Leadership competency on a variety of projects and activities within the data storage industry. Successful product development results with data channels and data recovery. Experimental test development and data collection practices that enable the interpretation and presentation of results that guide decisions,  advancing media and read channel development and failure analysis. Demonstrate meaningful,  accurate,  and timely feedback to engineering and business partners,  positively impacting their function. Successful partnerships with internal and external subject matter experts,  advancing product development outcomes and setting the direction for future system products. Effective communication and interaction with remote development,  manufacturing,  and quality teams; improving existing and future product performance. Required qualifications:   Bachelor of Science  (or higher)  in Electrical Engineering  (or a related field)  with at least 9 years of experience. A minimum 5 years of experience in the data storage industry. Hands- on experience and skill in developing algorithms,  test scripts,  as well as component level failure analysis of memory and error correction within a lab and /  or production environment. The capability to clearly and succinctly document requirements and drive them into future system products. Demonstrate an understanding of the principles of computer architecture  (hardware and software) ,  including general system data integrity. Strong leadership skills and cross- functional teamwork,  including experience as a subject matter expert in the area of storage media integration. Self- motivated and intense problem solving skills,  including a propensity to seek new solutions. Willingness and capability to travel both domestic and international.  About Us  As the leader in innovative memory solutions,  we are helping the world make sense of data by delivering technology that is transforming how the world uses information. Through our global brands -  -  we offer the industrys broadest portfolio. We are the only company manufacturing todays major memory and storage technologies:  DRAM,  NAND,  NOR and 3D XPoint memory. Our solutions are purpose built to leverage the value of data to unlock financial insights,  accelerate scientific breakthroughs and enhance communication around the world.   Contact:  Uday Bhaskar   Mulya Technologies  ""Mining the Knowledge Community""  Email id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
DevSecOps  /  Devops Engineer /  Devops security operation /  Pune /  Mumbai /  Chennai;3 Minds ESolutions Private Limited;Chennai,  Mumbai City;5- 15 Years;Not Specified;Position:  DevSecOps Experience:  6+ years Location:  Chennai,  Pune & Mumbai. Skill:  DevSecOps. Notice Period:  should be on notice period.  Must to have :  Good Experience in SAST,  DAST,  SCA,  IAST and Penetration Testing. Working closely with teams to manage central CI /  CD to ensure automated scans are an out- of- the- box offering Strong knowledge in Vulnerability Management,  Application Security Assessments and Secure Architecture Review. Good Understanding in Application Source- code Review,  Web application security  (VAPT)  and Threat Modeling. Hands on Experience in CI /  CD tools  (Jenkins,  Bamboo,  TFS)  and integrating security tools in build pipelines Hands- on experience with source code repositories  (SVN,  CVS,  Git,  GitLab,  Bit Bucket) Should be able to Perform automated SAST,  DAST & SCA with CI /  CD pipeline Hands- on experience with Configuration Management and Infrastructure as Code tools  (Ansible  /   Terraform) Assist application stakeholders with creating and maintaining threat models or attack maps Should be able to provide the Security Trainings to Developers and help them with fix recommendations. Aggregate and review security findings,  remove false positives,  and assign severity based on OWASP risk rating methodology. Share audit findings to application stakeholders and work with them to provide acceptable mitigations and remediation timelines Good analytical skills and inter personal skills to perform as a team player Good verbal and written communication skills,  with particular ability to communicate technical concepts to non- technical audiences Good to have :  Strong knowledge in Cloud Security Testing Experience or knowledge in any of IAM,  End Point Security,  Governance or Hybrid Cloud Good Experience in Container Security Certifications on any of the tools /  Technologies would be an added advantage. Knowledge in AWS,  Azure or any other cloud platformSAST Tools :  CheckMarx,  Veracode,  SonarQube,  AppScan Source,  Fortify,  Black Duck,  Dependency Check DAST Tools :  BurpSuite,  OWASP ZAP,  AppScan,  Web Inspect,  Acunetix DevOps Tools :  Jenkins,  Puppet,  Ansible,  Maven,  ANT,  Bamboo,  TFS,  GIT,  BitBucket,  SVN Other Tools :  Nessus,  Nexpose,  Nmap,  Qualys Guard,  Clair,  DockerSec,  Tenable.io,  Threat Modelling If you are interested, Please share your cv at [HIDDEN TEXT]
Senior Engineer,  Power Integrity;Mulya Consulting;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;7- 12 Years;Not Specified;"Senior Engineer,  Power Integrity Location :  Hyderabad This is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Product MNC with revenue of more than 30 Billion USD) our client is a world leader in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. For nearly 40 years,  our company has been instrumental to the worlds most significant technology advancements,  delivering optimal memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications. In this role as a Senior Engineer  (Power Integrity)  Non- Volatile Engineering Group,  you will be responsible for crafting next generation products for using the newest technology. You will also work with design teams across various disciplines in helping developing a robust design practices for predictable and accelerated sign- off Successful candidate will : Drive power grid structure for multi- power- domain SoCs Define optimal PG structure required for meeting PPAS targets and technically reason- out Influence sign- off margins Sign- off static IR,  dynamic IR ,  Power and Signal EM Participate in package- co- design and drive best PPA ECO generation from PI analysis,  work with P&R to deploy fixes Expertise in industry standard tools for EM & IR Will validate analysis by circuit simulation or as needed. Own and help to extract bus resistance and additionally support ESD sign- off Work in a relevantly ambitious schedule Minimum Qualifications: Bachelors of Engineering in E&C /  Electrical /  Computer Science. A minimum with 7- 15 years of physical design experiences in Power Integrity check A deep understanding of power calculation,  analysis flows Technically proficient in concepts of IR,  EM Proficient with EDA tools like Redhawk and Totem Proficiency in Tcl and Perl Excellent analytical skills Shown ability to collaborate in a multi- functional environment,  cross- site or cross- time zone Preferred Skills: Strong interpersonal skills both written and verbal You are ambitious,  goal- oriented,  and dedicated Collaborate effectively in a dynamic environment Contact Uday Mulya Technologies ""Mining the knowledge Community"" Email:  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Principal ASIC Design Engineer;Mulya Consulting;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;11- 20 Years;Not Specified;"Location :  Hyderabad Principal ASIC Design Engineer This is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Product MNC with revenue of more than 30 Billion USD) our client is a world leader in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. For nearly 40 years,  our company has been instrumental to the worlds most significant technology advancements,  delivering optimal memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications. Job Description  Overview : :  As a Principal ASIC Design Engineer in ASIC Group,  you will be working on development of IPs for storage products. You will be responsible for : -  Translating requirements /  specifications to micro- architecture -  Implementing or supervising implementation in Verilog /  system Verilog for better performance and power -  Support verification team on test plan development and debug -  Timing constraints development with STA team and support timing closure -  Development of FW guidelines -  Pre- Si bring- up support on FPGA -  Post- Si bring- up support Successful Candidates For This Position Will Have : Experience in taking an industrial specification and implementing the respective IP Good understanding on timing /  area /  power /  complexity tradeoffs on complex interface design Familiar with IP level verification and strong RTL debugging capabilities Excellent problem- solving and analytical skills A self- motivated,  enthusiastic team player who enjoys working with others Good communication skills with the ability to convey complex technical concepts to other design peers in verbal and written form Education  (One of the following is required) A Bachelor in Electrical Engineering or related discipline plus 14+ years of experience. A Master in Electrical Engineering or related discipline plus 12+ years of experience Contact Uday Mulya Technologies ""Mining the knowledge Community"" Email:  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Senior DFT Engineer;Mulya Consulting;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;3- 8 Years;Not Specified;"Location :  Hyderabad This is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Product MNC with revenue of more than 30 Billion USD)  our client is a world leader in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. For nearly 40 years,  our company has been instrumental to the worlds most significant technology advancements,  delivering optimal memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications. As an experienced DFT engineer at ,  you will be involved with DFT implementation of SoCs. Successful Candidate will be responsible for architecture /  implementation of DFT for zero DPPM GHz SoCs in sub- 16nm technology nodes The engineer will be one point of contact for delivery of test vectors,  Scan mode timing closure,  and will be front line engineer during product qual. You will work with a creative and highly motivated design team using state of the art memory technologies. Successful candidates for this position should have : Exposure to different scan architectures & implementation of such for SoCs. Must have functional & integration knowledge of TAP controllers and JTAG. Hands- on experience with boundary- scan insertion,  generation,  simulation ,  including knowledge of memory bist /  bisr /  bihr Must be well aware of scan compression and test time reduction Must have basic idea of MBIST algorithms Must know how to write constraints for DFT modes Must know how to merge timing modes /  mode reduction in collaboration with STA Has prior experience interfacing ATE requirements,  tester hand- off languages /  TDL /  WIGL /  STIL /  BSDL and must know to drive /  modify test procedures. Should have worked directly to close STA in DFT modes. It is highly desirable that candidate should be able to come up with an implementation plan independently given a test plan. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelors of Engineering in E&C /  Electrical /  Computer Science A minimum with 4- 12 years of physical design experiences Exclusively in DFT A deep understanding of DFT flows for SCAN /  MBIST /  BSCAN Proficient in writing SDC constructs for DFT modes Proficient with EDA tools from Synopsys /  Cadence /  Mentor Graphics Proficiency in Tcl and Perl Excellent analytical skills Shown ability to collaborate in a multi- functional environment,  cross- site or cross- time zone Preferred Skills: Strong interpersonal skills both written and verbal You are ambitious,  goal- oriented,  and dedicated Collaborate effectively in a dynamic environment Contact Uday Mulya Technologies ""Mining the knowledge Community"" Email:  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Junior Officer operation;null;Tarapur;2- 5 Years;120000- 650000;To support Manager Operations with Operations and Maintenance related activities of SS Plants through own as well as outsourced facilities with focus on Safety,  Productivity,  Cost,  Environment and Quality,  thus helping organization achieving ABP and in carrying out related Growth /   Capital /   Other Wire Projects as a part of Growth Plan of Wire Division. Job responsibilities : 1. Plan and drive implementation of PQCDSME targets and other related activities of SSP in Posil Plant through indirect labour. 2. Focus on Productivity,  Quality & Safety to ensure organization is carrying out related operations activities to improve the equipment availability and produce the wire product with zero defect and cost competitive. 3. Drive Safety initiatives and other major initiatives related to safety to achieve zero harm 4. Achieve defect free product quality 5. Compliance to production plan and adherence to productivity related ABP parameters 6. Reduction in operations related cost through controlling power,  fuel,  maintenance & production consumables and other improvement initiatives 7. Drive daily management,  GWOEM,  improvements project,  like MAT /  CAT projects,  Kaizen,  help with statutory  /  customer audits 8. Maintaining discipline in the plant and help with training related activities & shop- floor communications 9. Coordination with production planning  /   despatch team for timely despatch the product to fulfil the customer requirements 10. Plan and drive implementation of PQCDSME targets and other related activities of SSP Products through indirect labour
Graphic Engineer;Yu - Hai Technology & Manufacturing Supplies Private Limited;Noida;2- 3 Years;220000- 480000;"Profile :  Graphic Engineer Industry:  Electronics Manufacturing Exp:  1.5- 2 yrs. Salary:  18- 40 k Qualification :  B.tech, M.tech, Autocad engineer Location :  Kasna Greater Noida Skills:  Expertise in Solid Works & AutoCad Soft- wares Roles & Responsibilities: Visiting customers along with our Sales people,  understand customers’ requirements and prepare Autocad  /   Solid Works drawings on site He will be responsible for trouble shooting in our product; to be handled at customers’ sites He will have to actively participate in & learn all our production processes. He is supposed to make daily /  weekly /  monthly reports regularly and send it to respective manager Work discipline is to be strictly followed as emphad by the HRD. There will be a probation period of 4 months extendable up- to 6 months depending on candidate’s performance. SALARY: - Salary : -  Negotiable,  depending upon Work- ex and abilities. If You are Interested  then please send your updated CV  in  my  Mail Id. Mail Id :  [HIDDEN TEXT] Neerja HR Manager Mobile :  09667993174"
We have requirement for Trainee Engg. in Chakan,  Pune.;Vimal Group Facilities Management;Pune;;Not Specified;Job Description and Job DetailsPost -  Trainee Engg.Education -  BEM Experience -  Fresher Knowledge -  Fresher Salary In Hand -  10, 500 /  -  To 12, 000 /  -  Company Facility -  Bus Facility Location -  Chakan,  Pune.Shift Timing -  General ShiftThanks & RegardsShobha mam -  9503204702Naina mam -  7758983822Vimal Group Facilities Management.
Sales & Service Engineer;Precision Weighing Systems;Tumkur,  Davanagere;0- 2 Years;140000- 180000;This is urgent requirement. Interested candidates better contact 9822093363 over phone. Languages Known:  Hindi,  English & Kannada  Service Job Profile 1. Your job shall be installation,  repair & AMC of electronic weighbridges. 2. You need to go to places which can be reached over night. 3. Whenever there is a service call,  we shall inform you. You shall attend the problem & come back to your base location. But you shall get full month salary. Sales Job Profile 1. You shall search new projects on internet to find out requirement of the equipment. 2. Company shall forward inquiries received through indiamart.com & other portals to you for follow up & finalization.
Senior ASIC Design Engineer;Mulya Consulting;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;4- 9 Years;Not Specified;"Location :  Hyderabad This is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Product MNC with revenue of more than 30 Billion USD) our client is a world leader in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. For nearly 40 years,  our company has been instrumental to the worlds most significant technology advancements,  delivering optimal memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications. Job Description This is a position for Senior ASIC Design Engineer The candidate will have a key role in the definition and delivery of the architecture and development of ASIC Design,  while ensuring on time,  one time best- in- class quality. Job Requirements Proven hands- on experience with SOC ASIC and IPs designKnowledge and experience with big SoC designs based on ARM /  ARC and hierarchical interconnect. Highly experienced and deep knowledge of IP and SoC design flows and methodologies  (Lint,  CDC,  Synthesis,  power) . Experience with UFS  (MIPI+UNIPRO) ,  PCIe,  DDR,  NAND I /  F  (advantage) Excellent problem- solving skills. Team player with great interpersonal communication skills. Job Qualifications BS /  MS in E&E or related field with 4- 12 years of experience Experience with developing ASIC controllers for storage Proven hands on experience with UFS  (MIPI+UNIPRO) ,  PCIe,  DDR and NAND flash interfaces is an advantage. Deep knowledge of IP and SoC design flows and methodologies  (Lint,  CDC,  Synthesis,  power) Ability to work with local and remote teams  (DV and physical) Contact Uday Mulya Technologies ""Mining the knowledge Community"" Email:  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Senior Verification Engineer,  DRAM Engineering;Mulya Consulting;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;5- 10 Years;Not Specified;"Location :  Hyderabad  Senior Verification Engineer,  DRAM Engineering  Senior Verification Engineer  Job Description As a Senior Verification Engineer,  you will work with a highly innovative and motivated verification development team using state of the art verification technologies to verify the most advanced DRAM products. The verification infrastructure you develop /  implement will be used world- wide by multiple teams to verify DRAM products. You will work closely with various design and verification teams all over the world to contribute to the success of the design projects by applying verification tools and techniques,  providing verification status and summaries as needed. Job Responsibilities:   Using advanced verification languages  (HVL)  and techniques to build a cutting- edge verification platform to fully evaluate memory designs at chip or block level on functionality Participating in creating full chip behavior model that is distributed to world- wide external customers months before silicon is available Building a verification plan,  incorporating directed and random patterns that cover all features Understanding the functionality and timing requirements of the design Understand internal and external datasheets Co- work with international colleagues on developing new verification flows to take on the challenges in DRAM and emerging memory design Job Requirements:   5+ years of experience in Verification Solid understanding of Verilog,  System Verilog and object- oriented programming Experience in VIP development using UVM  (or equivalent)  is a must Good debugging and problem- solving skills are a must Experience defining coverage strategy and writing coverage model is a must Experience in simulator tools like Synopsys,  Cadence,  Mentor Graphics is preferred Experience in scripting language like Shell,  Perl,  Python is preferred Must possess good communication skills to convey complex technical concepts and ability to work well in a team Previous work experience in DRAM memory related fields is a plus Qualifications: Bachelors 7+ or Post Graduate Degree 7+ in Electronics Engineering or related engineering field This is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Product MNC with revenue of more than 30 Billion USD) our client is a world leader in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. For nearly 40 years,  our company has been instrumental to the worlds most significant technology advancements,  delivering optimal memory and storage systems for a broad range of applicatio   Contact  Uday  Mulya Technologies  ""Mining the knowledge Community""  Email:  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Senior DFT Engineer;Mulya Consulting;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;8- 13 Years;Not Specified;"Location :  Hyderabad This is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Product MNC with revenue of more than 30 Billion USD)  our client is a world leader in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. For nearly 40 years,  our company has been instrumental to the worlds most significant technology advancements,  delivering optimal memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications. As an experienced DFT engineer at ,  you will be involved with DFT implementation of SoCs. Successful Candidate will be responsible for architecture /  implementation of DFT for zero DPPM GHz SoCs in sub- 16nm technology nodes The engineer will be one point of contact for delivery of test vectors,  Scan mode timing closure,  and will be front line engineer during product qual. You will work with a creative and highly motivated design team using state of the art memory technologies. Successful candidates for this position should have : Exposure to different scan architectures & implementation of such for SoCs. Must have functional & integration knowledge of TAP controllers and JTAG. Hands- on experience with boundary- scan insertion,  generation,  simulation ,  including knowledge of memory bist /  bisr /  bihr Must be well aware of scan compression and test time reduction Must have basic idea of MBIST algorithms Must know how to write constraints for DFT modes Must know how to merge timing modes /  mode reduction in collaboration with STA Has prior experience interfacing ATE requirements,  tester hand- off languages /  TDL /  WIGL /  STIL /  BSDL and must know to drive /  modify test procedures. Should have worked directly to close STA in DFT modes. It is highly desirable that candidate should be able to come up with an implementation plan independently given a test plan. Minimum Qualifications: Bachelors of Engineering in E&C /  Electrical /  Computer Science A minimum with 4- 12 years of physical design experiences Exclusively in DFT A deep understanding of DFT flows for SCAN /  MBIST /  BSCAN Proficient in writing SDC constructs for DFT modes Proficient with EDA tools from Synopsys /  Cadence /  Mentor Graphics Proficiency in Tcl and Perl Excellent analytical skills Shown ability to collaborate in a multi- functional environment,  cross- site or cross- time zone Preferred Skills: Strong interpersonal skills both written and verbal You are ambitious,  goal- oriented,  and dedicated Collaborate effectively in a dynamic environment Contact Uday Mulya Technologies ""Mining the knowledge Community"" Email:  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Automotive Trainee Design Engineer;null;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;1- 2 Years;Not Specified;• New product development knowledge  /   product design /   GD & T knowledge • Have knowledge of Standards regularly used for Designing,  Drawing. • Responsible for the design development,  detail drawing in 2D & 3D Modelling • Create Design concepts.  (For more Information please call to HR - 9515120648) • Responsible to integrate various parts to create integrated Assembly Modelling along with assembly animation. • Design of Body in White  (BIW) . • Design of Interior  (Door Trims,  Headliners,  Instrument Panel,  Pillar Trims etc.) • Design of Exterior  (Bumper,  Wheel Arch liner,  Spoiler and Mirrors etc) • Responsible for customized BOM generation. • Have knowledge of various material types and properties. • Have knowledge of sheet metal and Plastic • Understanding of various manufacturing processes,  sheet metal fabrication,  pressure die casting,  forging and machining etc. • Have knowledge of Material properties and GD&T. Strengths: • Should have Positive thinking along with Positive attitude,  excellent interpersonal skills. • Strong believer of systematic & team approach. • Adaptability towards new surrounding & enthusiastic towards new aspects of works. • Good inter personal relations & communication skills. • Initiative & like to be a team member for achieving targeted goals. • Self- motivated,  comfortable following direction and able to meet deadlines. • Good listing & understanding the concept and willing to give it a shape for the concept. • To be an independent team member to play a roll of designer in innovative design. Immediately walk- in to our office or call to HR 9515120648
Principal RTL Design Engineer;Mulya Consulting;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore;10- 20 Years;Not Specified;"Location :  Bangalore Principal RTL Design Engineer This is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Product MNC with revenue of more than 30 Billion USD) our client is a world leader in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. For nearly 40 years,  our company has been instrumental to the worlds most significant technology advancements,  delivering optimal memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications. Job Responsibilities: RTL block level design,  implementation,  and verification FPGA prototyping and integration including timing closure System level validation Defining hardware specifications Hardware micro- architecture in data path,  buffer management,  and MCU FPGA prototype planning,  define the Pre- Si FPGA Prototyping platforms Required qualifications: Technical expertise in hardware architecture for Storage and memory systems Extensive experience with Storage controller FPGA prototyping Experience in hardware architecture design,  micro- architecture,  and RTL design Proficiency in C /  C++,  Matlab,  Python Proficiency in System Verilog,  and ASIC /  FPGA Flow Innovative problem solving skills Strong communication skills and cross- functional teamwork M.Tech degree in Electrical Engineering  (or related fields)  with 8+ years of industry experience or B.Tech degree in Electrical Engineering  (or related fields)  with 12+ years of industry experience. Contact Uday Mulya Technologies ""Mining the knowledge Community"" Email:  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Director,  Storage Systems Engineering;Mulya Consulting;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore;15- 25 Years;Not Specified;"Location :  Bangalore  This position is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Semiconductor Product Company with revenue more than 30 Billion USD)   Our client is a world leader  (Top5 Semicon Company in 2018)  in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. They have over 34, 000 team members in 17 countries who work with the worlds most trusted brands,  delivering memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications and sparking countless possibilities in technology Our vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life and our dedication to people,  innovation,  tenacity,  partnership,  and customer focus allows us to fulfill our mission to be a global leader in memory and storage solutions. This means conducting business with integrity,  accountability,  and collaboration while supporting our global community.  Director,  Storage Systems Engineering This role is for Director,  Storage Systems Design Engineering who will be responsible for end to end 3DXP solutions. This role will work with various engineering groups within an organization to design,  execute and qualify 3DXP based solutions. You will work on a plan with stake holders,  which include 3DXP solution leaders,  architect,  hardware team,  RTL Design,  Design verification,  front end and back end firmware and system validation. You will work with stake- holders to get a plan and execute on plan and track plan with meetings,  tools to deliver end- to- end and keep stake holders updated with schedule,  risk and any other update. You will be the SME for the 3DXP engineering team at executive reviews.  Qualifications Hands- on Technical project /   program management at global level Should have strong storage fundamentals and storage protocols Strong PCIe and NVMe fundamentals Knowledge of firmware,  hardware and design Preferred RTL and FPGA OS fundamentals with working knowledge of windows and Linux Having worked and delivered enterprise level storage product Proven forward- thinking leader with the ability to inspire change and to influence and build consensus with highly technical teams and senior leadership Demonstrate teamwork,  self- development,  drive for results,  integrity,  and trust Demonstrate good interpersonal skills.  Education Bachelors Degree or higher. Equivalent experience in engineering or related field of study will be considered  Experience 15+ years relevant working experience and 8+ years team management experience  Workplace Bangalore  About Us  As the leader in creative memory solutions,  we are helping the world make sense of data by delivering technology that is transforming how the world uses information. Through our global brands . We are the only company manufacturing todays major memory and storage technologies:  DRAM,  NAND,  NOR and 3D XPoint memory. Our solutions are purpose built to use the value of data to unlock financial insights,  accelerate scientific breakthroughs and improve communication around the world.   Contact:  Uday Bhaskar   Mulya Technologies  ""Mining the Knowledge Community""  Email id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Huge opening b.tech  (freshers )  in mncs;Donavalli Infra;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;;320000- 350000;Huge opening b.tech  (freshers )  in mncs year of passouts :  2018,  2019 job role :  software developer  ..................................... sal :  3.15 k job location :  pan india contact no :  9133500482
Requirement of Sales Manager in Bangalore /  Bengaluru;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore;5- 8 Years;600000- 650000;The responsibilities shouldered would be technical,  commercial,  financial and administrative in nature,  including: Building an on- going relationship with clients and new potential clients. Taking every walk- in to the showroom around and familiarizing them with the product and company values. Interacting with the customer,  understanding their design requirements,  and presenting product and design. Ensuring that effective designs are generated and presented to clients. Visiting the client site,  proposing of design,  quotation and presentation.Interacting with the site coordinator and ensuring that the site is ready for installations. Interacting and building the brand with Architects,  Interior Designers,  Real Estate Developers etc. Achieving the set targets by strategizing,  planning and motivating the entire team.  Qualification and Skill Sets: You should be a Post- Graduate /  Graduate from an institution of repute. You should have 6–7 yrs of work experience,  of which at least 3 yrs should have been in a managerial position Your communication skills should be excellent,  with good command over English and the local language. Your knowledge of the local city should be good You should have a flair for design,  excellent people skills and passion to build customer relationship.  Interior Design,  Architectural,  Civil Engineering or MBA background would be an added advantage.
Autocad Draughtsman Mechanical,  Auto Cad Designer;null;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore,  Delhi;0- 5 Years;350000- 650000;Job Description: Fresher Autocad Draughtsman Mechanical,  Auto Cad Designer  Very Urgent Requirement If Your Profile Matches The Above Requirement And If Youre Interested In The Above Opening Kindly Email Your Resume At The Earliest As Word Doc Attachment Without Changing The Subject Line. AryanTech India Pvt Ltd 204,  2nd Flr,  Pinnacle Pride,  Sadashiv Peth, Above Maharashtra Electronics,  Nr Durvankur Dining Hall,  Tilak Road,  Pune -  411 030. Visit and Register for Interview Appointment www.aryantech.org
Engineering Director,  Design Verification,  3DXP System Solutions;Mulya Consulting;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore;14- 24 Years;Not Specified;"Location :  Bangalore  This position is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Semiconductor Product Company with revenue more than 30 Billion USD)   Our client is a world leader  (Top5 Semicon Company in 2018)  in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. They have over 34, 000 team members in 17 countries who work with the worlds most trusted brands,  delivering memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications and sparking countless possibilities in technology  Engineering Director,  Design Verification,  3DXP System Solutions  Our vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life and our dedication to people,  innovation,  tenacity,  partnership,  and customer focus allows us to fulfill our mission to be a global leader in memory and storage solutions. This means conducting business with integrity,  accountability,  and collaboration while supporting our global community.  Job Description  We are looking for a high energy,  driven leader with strong work ethic and integrity to join us as Engineering Director,  DV,  3DXP System Solutions  In this role,  you will be directly responsible for crafting the vision and management of a department to enable outstanding quality and a high- performance team.  Build an Effective Team Lead,  and develop a motivated high- performance team Mange a team of RTL design including hiring activities Teams task assignment,  status and schedule tracking,  debug and problem solving Collaborate with cross- functional teams towards project success Optimize department and team performance and structure Provide detailed performance management for all direct reports with formal and informal feedback,  work on a plan jointly to improve strengths and address weaknesses,  and establish performance plan goals with line of sight to company goals,  initiatives and strategy.  Qualifications Demonstrate capability to provide guidance to engineers to improve DV quality In- depth knowledge of UVM methodology,  System Verilog,  Coverage,  Formal verification,  and DV flow Preferred Storage /   SAS /   NVMe /   PCIe experience  Hands on experience on constrained random verification Familiar with Perl or Python scripting Proven forward- thinking leader with the ability to inspire change and to influence and build consensus with highly technical teams and senior leadership Demonstrate teamwork,  self- development,  drive for results,  integrity,  and trust Demonstrate good interpersonal skills.  Education Bachelors Degree or higher. Equivalent experience in engineering or related field of study will be considered  Experience 14+ years relevant working experience and 8+ years team management experience  Workplace Bangalore   About Us  As the leader in creative memory solutions,  we are helping the world make sense of data by delivering technology that is transforming how the world uses information. Through our global brands . We are the only company manufacturing todays major memory and storage technologies:  DRAM,  NAND,  NOR and 3D XPoint memory. Our solutions are purpose built to use the value of data to unlock financial insights,  accelerate scientific breakthroughs and improve communication around the world.   Contact:  Uday Bhaskar   Mulya Technologies  ""Mining the Knowledge Community""  Email id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Principal Firmware Engineer;Mulya Consulting;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore;7- 12 Years;Not Specified;"Location :  Bangalore This position is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Semiconductor Product Company with revenue more than 30 Billion USD) Our client is a world leader  (Top5 Semicon Company in 2018)  in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. They have over 34, 000 team members in 17 countries who work with the worlds most trusted brands,  delivering memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications and sparking countless possibilities in technology As a PrincipalSSD Firmware Engineer,  you will develop high- performance controller firmware for innovative volatile and non- volatile memory systems. In this position,  you will participate in evaluating,  designing,  building,  bench testing,  debugging,  and failure analyzing firmware for new high- performance memory controllers and Solid State Drives that will increase performance,  while reducing power,  latency and SoC  (System on Chip)  complexity for the target markets. You can expect to work closely with system test engineers,  system failure analysis engineers,  firmware engineers,  firmware test engineers,  system hardware design engineers,  product engineers,  memory design engineers,  firmware tools developers,  and production engineers to solve cross- functional product development issues. Experience:  8+ Years in Embedded firmware. 4+ years in Storage /  SSD would be a strong plus. Strong firmware design and debug experience using assembly and C programming. Knowledge of SSD flash translation layer,  wear leveling,  garbage collection. Knowledge of mass storage interfaces such as SATA,  SAS,  NVMe  (optional but strong plus) . High level of skill in problem recreation and trapping,  and in identifying performance critical algorithms for optimization. Strong skill in ARM development tools and IDE such as Eclipse Ability to scope and estimate development effort. Ability to work and communicate effectively in a team,  able to multitask effectively in fast- paced environment. Working knowledge of digital hardware design  (optional but plus) . Experience in test equipment such as oscilloscopes and logic /  bus analyzers  (optional but plus) . Experience with working on FPGAs is a strong plus. Education:  BS or MS in Computer Engineering,  Electrical Engineering,  or Computer Science. Contact:  Uday Bhaskar Mulya Technologies ""Mining the Knowledge Community"" Email id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Executive Engineer (plastic industry)  at talent corner hr services;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Delhi,  Pune;3- 5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Job Description To handle procurement,  logistic function effectively Knowledge with procurement of item of different type like mechanical, hydraulic, bought out,  electronic Develop, necessary policy& procedure to ensure that purchasing function operates effectively
Software Developer Software Engineer;One Degree North Human Resource;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore;2- 5 Years;250000- 2050000;If you are interested in the below mentioned companies, CONTACT HR ESHWAR VISHWANATH Call  (OR)  Ping in WhatsApp at 7483294242 Feel free to contact me at anytime!!! This is the right time to get in NO REGISTRATION FEE!!! NO CONTRACT BASICS!!! To Apply Give A Call  (or)  Ping In Whatsapp For The Further Details At ANYTIME!! VIMAAN ROBOTICSEligibility -  B.Sc,  B.E\B.Tech degree in Computer science or equivalent with 2 years experience in software    development. Shift          -  Rotational shift Salary      -  No limit  ( 20- 30% hike will be given) Location -  Marathahalli Role          -  software engineer Age           -  No limit.
Senior Software Engineer;InteliZign Engineering Services Private Limited;Pune;2- 4 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : With a real time software design & development using core C#.Net individual should have good know- how of Product development environment. Excellent analytical & problem solving skills with good communication , team player attitude and who likes to get challenged in work.
ASIC Architect;Mulya Consulting;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;10- 20 Years;Not Specified;"Location :  Hyderabad This position is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Semiconductor Product Company with revenue more than 30 Billion USD)  Our client is a world leader  (Top5 Semicon Company in 2018)  in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. They have over 34, 000 team members in 17 countries who work with the worlds most trusted brands,  delivering memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications and sparking countless possibilities in technology Seeking an ASIC Architect for clients ASIC architecture team. You should have strong knowledge and experience with all aspects of the SOC design and implementation flow including coverage driven verification,  synthesis,  P&R,  STA,  DFT,  power- islands,  floor- planning,  CTS,  IR- drop and an understanding of how architecture decisions impact these flows. You will be responsible for developing,  contributing,  and leading ASIC macro and micro- architecture activities in our storage- based controllers. You should be highly motivated with strong communication skills,  attention to detail,  and quality oriented. Candidates with a take- ownership attitude will succeed in this role. Responsibilities include,  but not limited to:  Reviewing product and FW requirements Working with other ASIC architects and with system architects to define and document the feature sets and data /  control flows implemented by the controller and each of its component IPs Defining requirements for ASIC design,  verification,  and physical implementation teams Evaluating area,  performance,  power,  and ease- of- implementation trade- offs between different implementation solutions Reviewing and configuring 3rd party IPs Supporting other teams in the ASIC organization and reviewing their work Supporting product teams with documentation,  code- reviews,  and silicon debug Continuously finding opportunities for improving design quality and design practices Minimum Qualifications:  Bachelor degree in Engineering but Master degree preferred 10+ years of ASIC architecture experience with strong knowledge of PCIe + NVMe and /  or UFS in a storage application RTL design experience in Verilog /  System Verilog Knowledge and experience in various aspects of SOC design,  verification,  and implementation flows Experience with low- power design techniques Scripting and Unix shell language experience:  e.g. Perl,  Python,  Unix shell scripts Ability to read and understand SW code Understanding of CPU and memory architectures,  datapath pipelining mechanisms,  distributed system design,  ASIC low- power implementations,  clock and reset methodologies Preferred Skills:  Experience with HW modeling languages ASIC architecture experience in NAND based storage products  (e.g. SSD,  eMMC,  UFS,  USB)  Design /  architecture experience with high- speed serial and parallel interfaces  (e.g. PCIe,  MIPI,  DDR,  LPDDR,  ONFI)  Design /  architecture experience with NVMe and /  or UFS host protocols Familiarity with automotive design and qualification processes are a bonus Contact:  Uday Bhaskar Mulya Technologies ""Mining the Knowledge Community"" Email id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Senior AMS Verification Engineer;Mulya Consulting;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;2- 7 Years;Not Specified;"This is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Semicon Product company with revenue over 30 Billion USD) Our client is a world leader  (Top5 Semicon Company in 2018)  in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. They have over 34, 000 team members in 17 countries who work with the worlds most trusted brands,  delivering memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications and sparking countless possibilities in technology our client is a world leader in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. For nearly 40 years,  our company has been instrumental to the worlds most significant technology advancements,  delivering optimal memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications.  [Senior] AMS Verification Engineer  Description For nearly 40 years,  we have redefined innovation with the worlds most advanced memory and semiconductor technologies. Were an international team of visionaries and scientists,  developing ground breaking technologies that are transforming how the world uses information to enrich life. Our Global team is growing and we are looking for a passionate AMS Verification Engineer in DRAM and Emerging Memory Group  (DEG)  in India. As an AMS Verification Engineer,  you will work with a highly innovative and motivated design team using state of the art memory technologies to develop the most advanced DRAM and Emerging memory products. You will be challenged by the complexity and difficulty of verifying high density memory chips  (up to 32Gb)  with huge scale of circuit capability  (over 4M transistors) ,  ultra- high speed designs,  complex functionality which includes next Generation DDR /  LPDDR  (ex:  DDR5,  LPDDR5)  and advanced low power and power management technologies. You will need to have the ability to work as an AMS Verification Engineer,  to evaluate Full chip or block level functionality and provide solutions to help delivery of functionally correct design. You will work closely with various design and verification teams all over the world to contribute to the success of the design projects by applying verification tools and techniques,  providing verification status and summaries to specific designs as needed.  Responsibilities Provide verification support to design projects by simulating,  analyzing and debugging pre- silicon full chip designs. Develop Test cases /  Stimulus to increase the functional coverage for all DRAM and emerging memory architectures and features. Develop and maintain test benches and test vectors using simulation tools and run regressions for coverage analysis and improvements. Co- work with international colleagues on developing new verification flows to take on the challenges in DRAM and emerging memory design. Participate in developing verification methodology and verification environments for advanced DRAM and emerging memory products.  Requirements Good understanding of analog  /   mixed signal circuits. Experience in Analog and Mixed signal Verification Understand the usage of tools like Virtuoso,  Finesim,  Hspice,  Xcellium,  Simvision,  Waveview. Hands on experience in writing Verilog,  Verilog- A /  MS,  Real Number Models. Hands on experience in building SPICE testbenches at Block,  Fullchip Level. Hand on experience in building the COSIM /   Mixed signal verification environment. Hands on experience in SV,  UVM based Verification Hands on experience in SV /  PSL assertions. Good scripting skills using perl,  python is a plus. Previous work experience in DRAM memory related fields is a plus Must possess good communication,  debugging skills and ability to work well in a team  Education Bachelors or Post Graduate Degree in Electronics Engineering or related engineering field required  About Us  As the leader in innovative memory solutions,  we are helping the world make sense of data by delivering technology that is transforming how the world uses information. Through our global brands Crucial and Ballistix -  we offer the industrys broadest portfolio. We are the only company manufacturing todays major memory and storage technologies:  DRAM,  NAND,  NOR and 3D XPoint memory. Our solutions are purpose built to leverage the value of data to unlock financial insights,  accelerate scientific breakthroughs and enhance communication around the world. Contact:  Uday Bhaskar Mulya Technologies ""Mining the Knowledge Community"" Email id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Technical Support Engineer L1  /   L2 -  Location  @ bannerghatta Road;Black And White Business Solutions Private Limited;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore;0- 5 Years;225000- 450000;Hi Dear Applicant,   Hiring for Technical support Engineer -  L1 & L2 process  /   Freshers or Experience -  Sal 25k to 35k +inc  /   Rotational Shift   Call immediatelyHR Saranya  @  9035005932   Technical Support :  Voice & Non- voice Technical Trouble Shooting Hardware and Networking IT Help Desk Desktop Support Technical Chat  /   Email Support Application Support  (Voice)  IT Trouble Shooting Benefits :   Rotational Shifts 25k to 35k + Inc  Two way Transport Unlimited incentive Structure No registration Fees Skills Required :   Should be flexible with rotational Shifts Manageable or Good English Communication Skills Venue :   Black and White Business Solutions Pvt Ltd,  #721,  2nd Floor,  CMH Road Indiranagar Bangalore- 560038 Land Mark:  CMH Bus- stop or KFC Bus- stop Contact Details :   HR -  Saranya  Phone -  9035005932  Email Id -  [HIDDEN TEXT]  Interview Days -  Monday to Saturday Timings -  9:  30 am to 2: 00 pm Documents Required :   Fresher :  10th  /   12th  /   Graduation all semester Marks card Aadhar Card ID proof Pan Cad ID Experience :   Previous Companies Offer letter  /   relieving letter  /   one month pay slips  10th  /   12th  /   Graduation all semester Marks card Aadhar Card ID proof Pan Cad ID *************PLEASE DO REFER YOUR FRIENDS************* Required Candidate profileDesired Candidate Profile * Possess good analytical skills -  detail oriented * Possess good communication skills,  both oral and written * Have a good attitude -  should be committed to the work. * Any graduates can appear or 10+2 ,  10+3. * Should be flexible with rotational shift.  Perks and BenefitsBest in the industry + Incentives + NSA
Senior Physical Design Engineer;Mulya Consulting;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;6- 11 Years;Not Specified;"Location :  Hyderabad This is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Product MNC with revenue of more than 30 Billion USD) our client is a world leader in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. For nearly 40 years,  our company has been instrumental to the worlds most significant technology advancements,  delivering optimal memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications. As a Senior ASIC Physical Design Engineer ,  you will be involved with the physical implementation of high speed,  complex integrated circuit designs. You will be tasked with understanding digital and analog design elements and to work as a team to solve tough physical integration challenges. You will have the opportunity to contribute to all aspects of physical design from synthesis through physical verification. You will work directly with analog and digital design engineers to define system level macro block layout,  clocking architectures and power structures. Successful candidates for this position will have:  6+ years IC design experience Experience with ASIC physical design using automated synthesis,  placement,  routing and verification tools Ability to understand advanced digital design architectures and clocking structures to help manage timing and physical design constraints Ability to work with digital and analog circuit designers to analyze and explore physical implementation options for complex designs integrating standard cell logic with high speed custom interface circuits Experience using static timing,  signal integrity and power analysis tools using a standard cell design flow DRC /  LVS verification experience with full chip layouts using physical verification tools Familiarity with Cadence Encounter tools is an asset Experience with physical design methodologies and TCL scripting is required Experience with low power design flows at advanced process nodes is a benefit Previous digital design and RTL coding experience a plus Strong communication skills,  with the ability to convey complex technical concepts to other design peers in verbal and written form A high level of self- motivation and the ability to be a self- starter Education:  A related 4- year technical degree. Contact Uday Mulya Technologies ""Mining the knowledge Community"" Email:  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Network engineer;New Global Technologies;Chennai,  Mumbai;0- 5 Years;350000- 800000;Installation,  setup  /   configuration,  troubleshooting,  Tuning,  diagnostics and maintenance of networking and related Equipment. The network administrator would have to coordinate with the other vendors to resolve network related issues Desired Candidate Profile Job Status: Outsourced on third party payroll (path reminder) to our client. Experience: 0- 5 years experience as a Network Administrator on Cisco products
Senior Design Verification Engineer;Mulya Consulting;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;7- 12 Years;Not Specified;"This is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Semicon Product company with revenue over 30 Billion USD) Our client is a world leader  (Top5 Semicon Company in 2018)  in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. They have over 34, 000 team members in 17 countries who work with the worlds most trusted brands,  delivering memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications and sparking countless possibilities in technology our client is a world leader in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. For nearly 40 years,  our company has been instrumental to the worlds most significant technology advancements,  delivering optimal memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications.  Our vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life and our commitment to people,  innovation,  tenacity,  collaboration,  and customer focus allows us to fulfill our mission to be a global leader in memory and storage solutions. This means conducting business with integrity,  accountability,  and professionalism while supporting our global community. As a Senior Design Verification Engineer .,  you will be responsible for logic design verification of non- volatile memory designs,  including advanced 3D NAND and other new technologies.  Responsibilities include,  but not limited to:  Development of NAND Flash behavioral models in System Verilog Complete verification on NAND Flash models based on design datasheet Technical support to internal and external model users Collaboration with Application engineers on design datasheet and model requirements Full- chip functional verification on non- volatile memory design projects You thoroughly understand design specs and develop verification plans for various designs TestBench Development in System Verilog targeting complete functionality coverage Support of System Verilog assertion and coverage- driven methodology Support of design verification methodology improvements Run directed and constrained- random verification tests You will think through design corner cases and be able to write relevant cover points Collaborate with digital design team to debug test cases and deliver functionally accurate designs Close coverage measures to identify verification holes and to show progress towards tape- out  Minimum Qualifications:  MS or BS degree in Electrical or Computer Engineering or equivalent 7+ years of experience developing verification collateral in Verilog,  System Verilog and UVM UVM Proficiency is required Prior work experience with complex coverage driven random constraint UVM environments Putting together complex UVM environments from scratch is a requirement Deep knowledge on circuit design,  digital logic,  and logic verification methodology Understanding on Verilog RTL coding,  System Verilog object- oriented language Good knowledge on programming language such as C++,  and scripting language like TCL and PERL  Preferred Skills:  Knowledge of Non- volatile memory design is highly desired Strong communication skills both written and verbal Strong interpersonal skills and maintain positive relationships Ambitious and goal- oriented Collaborate effectively in a dynamic team environment  About Us  As the leader in innovative memory solutions,  we are helping the world make sense of data by delivering technology that is transforming how the world uses information. Through our global brands Crucial and Ballistix -  we offer the industrys broadest portfolio. We are the only company manufacturing todays major memory and storage technologies:  DRAM,  NAND,  NOR and 3D XPoint memory. Our solutions are purpose built to leverage the value of data to unlock financial insights,  accelerate scientific breakthroughs and enhance communication around the world. Contact:  Uday Bhaskar Mulya Technologies ""Mining the Knowledge Community"" Email id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Engineer,  SSD Validation  (Top Five Semicon Co in the World);Mulya Consulting;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;3- 8 Years;Not Specified;"SSD Validation Engineer Location :  Hyderabad Validation Engineer- SSD Our client is a world leader  (Top5 Semicon Company in 2018)  in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. They have over 34, 000 team members in 17 countries who work with the worlds most trusted brands,  delivering memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications and sparking countless possibilities in technology We are looking for a Senior SSD Validation Engineer  /   Validation Engineer to join our SSD System Validation Engineering team. This individual will provide device and system failure analysis for our client & enterprise SSD products,  and influence improvements to our validation processes and strategies. Responsibilities Include,  But Not Limited To SATA and NVMe Device and System Failure Analysis and Debug. Characterization and replication of issues discovered in complex customer environments. Explore and recommend improvements to SSD validation,  including test coverage plans,  validation strategies,  and validation processes. Collaborate with process owners,  firmware developers,  validation engineers,  and test developers to identify valuable improvements to our products and processes. Minimum Qualifications 4+ years of relevant experience. High level of competency with storage protocols  (SATA,  NVMe,  PCIe) Direct experience with SATA or NVMe devices including bus trace analysis and system characterization. Proficiency with System Architectures,  BIOS configuration,  Operating System implementation and configuration,  storage subsystems and SSD technology Highly effective communication and teamwork skills Adaptable to fast- paced,  dynamic work environment with shifting demand Education:  BS or higher in a technical discipline Contact:  Uday Bhaskar Mulya Technologies ""Mining the Knowledge Community"" Email id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
AUTOMATION DEVELOPER;Resource Access Management Solutions Private Limited;India;;Not Specified;Company:  Global Leading IT Company Experience:  6 -  8 Yrs Job Location:  Noida Key Skills:  Testing Must Have Skills:  Testing INDUSTRY IT- Software  /   Software Services ROLE Testing Analyst II QUALIFICATION BE  /   B.TECH  /   ME  /   M.TECH  /   MCA QUALIFICATION SPECIALIZATION IT  /   Computers JOB LOCATION Noida INTERVIEW LOCATION Noida JOB DESCRIPTION The field of automation involves the creation and application of technology to monitor or control the production and delivery of products and services by the International Society of Automation and the Automation Federation. Automation engineers design,  program,  simulate and test automated machinery and processes in order to complete exact tasks. They typically are employed in industries such as car manufacturing or food processing plants,  where robots or machines are used to perform specific functions. Automation engineers are responsible for design specifications and other detailed documentation of their creations. Educational Requirements There are few degree programs in the U.S. available in automation engineering. Therefore,  most automation engineers earn their bachelors degrees in mechanical or electrical engineering and then learn the intricacies of automation engineering on the job. Mechanical or electrical engineering courses may include robotics,  statistics,  fluid dynamics and databases. Some automation engineers pursue masters degrees in related fields. Required Skills Solid understanding of computer programming and software development Ability to troubleshoot equipment problems and perform complex system tests Creative thinking skills Detail- oriented personality Excellent manual dexterity Ability to communicate well to other members of the development team Organization Write- Up This leading Global IT Company,  a leading information technology,  consulting and business process services company,  and this company,  a leader in technology- enabled health,  wealth,  HR and finance solutions,  today announced a long- term relationship which will reshape the HR services industry by providing clients with the breadth and depth of capabilities from the two industry- leading organizations. This strategic partnership[1] will enable the company to accelerate investment in consumer- facing technologies and services across its health,  wealth and cloud businesses by leveraging the companys industry- leading strengths in automation,  machine learning and data analytics. Additionally,  it will acquire and take on responsibility for the services delivered from the companys India locations. It has developed a rich set of technology and delivery capabilities across its India centers located in Gurgaon,  Noida,  Mumbai and Chennai. This Leading IT company is a leading global information technology,  consulting and business process services company. We harness the power of cognitive computing,  hyper- automation,  robotics,  cloud,  analytics and emerging technologies to help our clients adapt to the digital world and make them successful. A company recognized globally for its comprehensive portfolio of services,  strong commitment to sustainability and good corporate citizenship,  we have over 160, 000 dedicated employees serving clients across six continents. Together,  we discover ideas and connect the dots to build a better and a bold new future. As a leading provider of benefits administration and cloud- based HR and financial solutions,  we enhance work and life through our service,  technology and data. Our dedicated colleagues across 14 global centers deliver an unrivaled consumer experience for our clients and their people. Interested can send your updated resume to [HIDDEN TEXT]
Business Analyst 4;Disys India Private Limited;null;;Not Specified;"Job Description : A Business Analyst to work on IT Infrastructure projects. This role would be a member of a centrally managed BA pool. Key Responsibilities  (project agnostic) Scope  (strategy) ,  deliver  (implementation) ,  and improve  (maintenance)  a mixture of large and medium scale global projects influencing the IT 3- year vision. Balance the use of skills in strategic vision and grounding them in practicality and Operational Efficiency to help improve services and capabilities already in production /  BAU. • Understanding the business need,  creating a clear problem statement,  and crafting a vision for change • Driving the identification of opportunities and the development & validation of project  /   program Business Cases with its expected benefits. Supporting /  seeking approval for funding to execute against the defined business cases • Identifying,  engaging,  and managing stakeholders • Engineering and managing requirements across the portfolio; identifying dependencies and risks and driving integration of parallel activities across the program • Driving the requirements prioritization process,  developing requirements specifications,  and securing stakeholder agreement • Partnering with solution architecture,  product management,  and engineering in the development of solutions that meet the requirements; documenting current & to be processes,  technologies,  workflows and data flows. Preparing gap analysis,  use cases and implementation plans. Representing customer interests in the solutions process • Performing solution evaluations and selection and elicit customer agreement on the solutions • Articulate and address the implications of the introduction of a new solution on the current and future technology,  process,  and organizational landscape • Partnering closely with stakeholders,  suppliers  (internal and external as required) ,  project managers,  and customers to ensure the testing and successful delivery of solutions is in line with the agreed specifications QUALIFICATIONS Essential Skills and Work Experience: • Experienced IT Infrastructure required – Cloud technology or Cyber Security preferred. A BA from the application development world is acceptable as long as they have a sound grasp of IT infrastructure. • The candidate must have strong knowledge of,  not necessarily experience with IT Infrastructure including servers,  storage,  networks,  and databases and how IT applications consume them • Practical knowledge in applying information security standards  (e.g. ISO 27001)  and /  or cyber security best practices  (e.g. NIST Cybersecurity Framework) • Experience working in a global environment across different cultures o Experience of global project delivery with a proven history of providing analysis and solutions that supports successful project delivery in a matrix environment o Specific experience delivering the following project types a plus:  part of a global project team to deliver operational capabilities to rapidly and effectively identify,  detect and respond to cyber security events,  vulnerabilities,  and threats targeting Credit Suisse • Proven experience in analyzing application infrastructure design,  classification of apps in areas such as regulatory and non- functional  (e.g. suitability analysis) ,  and strong leadership in managing application stakeholders • Senior stakeholder management; influencing and managing expectations,  and selling the program • Requirements and issues management leveraging tools such as JIRA and Odysseus • Work intelligently with data and business analysis,  supporting development of business cases,  metrics and visualizations to support proposals • Ability to analyze financial,  technical and service level data and compile for presentation to senior staff • Organization analysis mapping process /  activity flows,  roles and responsibilities,  etc. • Helping build the BA team brand and supporting best practices and standardization is vital • Ability to work through ambiguity and complexity to create propositions to support solutions • Ability to use excellent written and verbal communication skills and produced material to sell a concept or support a solution • Strong analytical,  planning,  problem solving,  and presentation skills • High professional standards,  collaborative,  and client focused • Proficiency in MS Office applications such as Word,  PowerPoint,  Excel,  Access,  Visio Desired Skills and Qualifications: • Experience in Agile project delivery methodology • Proficiency in data visualization tools such as iAnalyze,  Tableau,  or similar tools is desired • Experience working with CMDB such as HPAM or DataOne; integration into the data lake • Application onboarding /  migrations to new infrastructure platforms • Infrastructure tools rationalization,  decom,  and replacement  (RFPs /  RFIs) • IT Service design and measurement  (moving from product to service- based’ operations) • Strong process design and process engineering skills • Comfortable working with people up to MD level • Ability to work in a fast paced,  demanding environment turning the unknowns into knowns"
General Manager -  Projects;Radial HR Solutions;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore;7- 12 Years;1200000- 1500000;General Manager -  Projects About Company:  Company is into one of the leading import agency for Railway track maintenance machines in India sector.  Job Description:  General Manager,  Projects   Must know local language – Kannada and English   Job description¬  1. Candidate will be responsible for directing company operations toward increasing growth and profitability.  2. Develop,  plan,  organize and implement strategies to accomplish local objectives as per the directives of the company and keeping in mind the overall project.  3. Formulate policies that are consistent with Companys policies for development of the project in railway track maintenance machines.  4. Develop short and long range objectives and appropriate operating plans for operations and administration with driven strategies for execution of these plans.  5. Evaluate,  develop and apply systems for measuring performance of individual contracts as well as the overall operation of the Project.  6. Ensure that all appropriate personnel are familiar with and comprehend critical contractual obligations.  7. Administer and control financial and legal matters within India,  with appropriate approvals and directives from the Company.  8. Supervise the development,  implementation and ongoing maintenance of a Quality Assurance System that is suitable for the organization at our different co- manufacturing locations.  9. Travel to different co- production manufacturers would be part of requirement.  10. Within the authorities delegated,  initiate capital projects /  expenditures and set pricing strategies.  11. Maintain profitable and supportive relations with existing clients.  12. Continually observe and analyze the industry for prospective clients and new requirements for existing and new products and services.  13. Maintain a high profile on matters of environmental protection and community and employee welfare related to the industry.  14. Maintain a direct involvement in current and future project developments that are related to the industry,  aimed at improving methods,  equipment performance and quality of product. Job Location– Bangalore Educational Qualifications -   • Btech /   BE -  Mechanical,  Any other Specializatio • MBA /   PGDM -  International Business,  Finance,  Marketing,  Systems,  Other Management  OR  • Mtech -  Mechanical,  Production /  Industrial,  Other Engineering  Candidate Profile -    • Candidate should be a highly motivated individual to work in the fast paced railway environment.  • Candidate must have extensive experience in senior line and staff positions with a broad range of business experience.  • Candidate must be able to demonstrate a thorough knowledge of the railway industry worldwide and pertaining to India specifically. Candidate must possess strong managerial capabilities and sound leadership skills.  • Candidate must possess excellent organizational and planning skills.  • Candidate must be fluent in English,  Hindi and Kannada.  • Candidates should  have excellent communication skills both verbal and written in all three languages mentioned above.  • Computer proficiency in MS Office,  Excel,  is essential.  • Knowledge of AUTOCAD,  Other Design Software,  ERP Systems etc would be good to have .  • Candidate must have a vehicle of their own to travel from place to place within Bangalore  • Candidates with a background of the armed forces or railways in the engineering sphere would be ideal.  • Age Criterion -  35-  40years
Design Engineer;null;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore,  Delhi;0- 5 Years;350000- 650000;Job Description: Fresher Design Engineer,  Design Engineer Mechanical,  Electrical  Very Urgent Requirement If Your Profile Matches The Above Requirement And If Youre Interested In The Above Opening Kindly Email Your Resume At The Earliest As Word Doc Attachment Without Changing The Subject Line. AryanTech India Pvt Ltd 204,  2nd Flr,  Pinnacle Pride,  Sadashiv Peth, Above Maharashtra Electronics,  Nr Durvankur Dining Hall,  Tilak Road,  Pune -  411 030. Visit and Register for Interview Appointment www.aryantech.org
Senior Engineer,  Power Integrity;Mulya Consulting;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;7- 15 Years;Not Specified;"Senior Engineer,  Power Integrity Location :  Hyderabad This is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Product MNC with revenue of more than 30 Billion USD) our client is a world leader in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. For nearly 40 years,  our company has been instrumental to the worlds most significant technology advancements,  delivering optimal memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications. In this role as a Senior Engineer  (Power Integrity)  Non- Volatile Engineering Group,  you will be responsible for crafting next generation products for using the newest technology. You will also work with design teams across various disciplines in helping developing a robust design practices for predictable and accelerated sign- off Successful candidate will : Drive power grid structure for multi- power- domain SoCs Define optimal PG structure required for meeting PPAS targets and technically reason- out Influence sign- off margins Sign- off static IR,  dynamic IR ,  Power and Signal EM Participate in package- co- design and drive best PPA ECO generation from PI analysis,  work with P&R to deploy fixes Expertise in industry standard tools for EM & IR Will validate analysis by circuit simulation or as needed. Own and help to extract bus resistance and additionally support ESD sign- off Work in a relevantly ambitious schedule Minimum Qualifications: Bachelors of Engineering in E&C /  Electrical /  Computer Science. A minimum with 7- 15 years of physical design experiences in Power Integrity check A deep understanding of power calculation,  analysis flows Technically proficient in concepts of IR,  EM Proficient with EDA tools like Redhawk and Totem Proficiency in Tcl and Perl Excellent analytical skills Shown ability to collaborate in a multi- functional environment,  cross- site or cross- time zone Preferred Skills: Strong interpersonal skills both written and verbal You are ambitious,  goal- oriented,  and dedicated Collaborate effectively in a dynamic environment Contact Uday Mulya Technologies ""Mining the knowledge Community"" Email:  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Associate Analyst /   Analyst /   Sr. Analyst-  Software Engineer;Ugam Solutions Private Limited;Thane;1- 6 Years;Not Specified;Key Responsibilities:  Building and maintaining SQL scripts in Microsoft SQL Server Building and maintaining SSIS packages Building and maintaining complex SQL queries for data analysis and data extract Building and maintaining complex ETL scripts Building and maintaining data mart extraction processes Performing quality assurance and testing at the unit level Writing user and technical documentation Design for smaller projects Must Have:  SQL server stored procedures UNIX shell scripting Any automation tool
Scribe & Layout Design Engineer;Mulya Consulting;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;3- 8 Years;Not Specified;"Location :  Hyderabad Scribe & Layout Design Engineer This is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Product MNC with revenue of more than 30 Billion USD) our client is a world leader in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. For nearly 40 years,  our company has been instrumental to the worlds most significant technology advancements,  delivering optimal memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications. our vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life and our dedication to people,  innovation,  tenacity,  teamwork,  and customer focus allows us to fulfill our mission to be a global leader in memory and storage solutions. This means conducting business with integrity,  accountability,  and professionalism while supporting our global community. We are the only company manufacturing todays major memory and storage technologies:  DRAM,  NAND,  NOR,  and 3D XPoint  (TM)  memory. We are looking for a high- energy,  ambitious,  result- driven individual with strong work ethic and integrity to join us as a Scribe Layout & Design Engineer in Technology Development Group,  and in this role,  you will be supporting development of advanced process technology through scribe test structure design and layout,  CAD,  and reticle creation.  Job Responsibilities Provide layout of test structure sets and custom digital designs in multiple technology nodes while working closely with scribe design and CAD engineers across the globe. Perform layout verifications such as LVS /  DRC /  DFM /  ERC,  quality check,  and provide accurate and timely documentation to ensure creation of parametric workbook. Creation of schematic design and post layout simulation. Own and support multiple projects in parallel through the Reticle Tapeout flow. Support development of advanced memory solutions,  including sub- 1z DRAM and cutting- edge Non- Volatile memory chips. Interact and communicate with internal customers to understand the needs and deliver layouts test structures,  memory array and custom digital designs. Capable of working in a cross functional and multi- site team environment spanning multiple time zones. The ability to work and communicate effectively in a team and to be able to multi- task effectively in a fast- paced working environment.  Requirements Bachelor or higher degree in Electrical /  Electronics Engineering. 4+ years of relevant experience in the fields of layout design,  physical verification or related fields. General understanding of schematic design and post layout simulation. Hands on experience with schematic entry,  netlist extraction,  and post layout verification. Understanding of latch up and antenna effects in layout and their mitigation techniques. Familiarity with semiconductor electrical fundamentals and device physics. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race,  color,  religion,  sex,  sexual orientation,  gender identity,  national origin,  veteran or disability status.  Workplace Location Hyderabad    Contact  Uday  Mulya Technologies  ""Mining the knowledge Community""  Email:  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Bakersfield, CA|Electrical Engineer IV;Disys India Private Limited;null;8- 10 Years;Not Specified;Job Description : Role Summary The main function of an electrical engineer is to design,  develop,  test or oversee the manufacturing and installation of electrical equipment,  components,  or systems for industrial use. A typical electrical engineer has the ability to make engineering drawings,  and read and interpret blueprints. Team Details • Selected candidate will be joining a team of 12 electrical engineers with various levels of experience Responsibilities • Perform the electrical design,  development,  and testing of electrical equipment,  including machinery controls,  wiring,  and lighting. • Review and approve the cost effectiveness,  reliability and safety of certain design models. • Discuss estimates for time and cost to complete projects with clients. • Supervise the simulation and testing of machine /  structure /  system operation and monitor product quality. • Direct and coordinate manufacturing,  construction,  installation,  maintenance,  support,  documentation,  and testing activities to ensure compliance with specifications,  codes,  and customer requirements. • Inspect completed installations and observe operations to ensure conformance to design and equipment specifications and compliance with operational and safety standards. Required Qualifications • 8- 10 years experience required. • ETAP software experience • Experience with motor control centers • Experience with low voltage transformers • Need to know how to model power systems,  protection studies in ETAP etc. • Creativity,  verbal and written communication skills,  analytical and problem solving ability. • Team player and detail oriented. • Strong leadership and mentoring skills necessary to provide support and constructive performance feedback. • Displays attributes of a critical thinker and leverages innovative ideas. • Advanced ability to perform details calculations to compute and establish manufacturing,  construction and installation standards and specifications. • Advanced ability to make sketches,  engineering drawings and common computations. • Advanced ability to apply principles of electrical theory to engineering projects. • Previous experience with computer applications and design software related to engineering field. Preferred Qualifications • Prior experience in low and medium voltage,  Motor Control Centers  (MCC’s) ,  & Switchgear • Overhead power line experience  (design,  construction,  capacity,  sizing,  and /  or protection) Education • Bachelors degree in electrical engineering required. Travel • Occasional minor travel,  as needed to evaluate sites for engineering design  (distance ranges from 20 minutes to 2.5 hours away) • Mileage for travel to sites will be reimbursed
Principal Firmware Engineer;Mulya Consulting;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;10- 20 Years;Not Specified;"Principal Firmware Engineer -  SSD   Location :  Hyderabad This position is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Semiconductor Product Company with revenue more than 30 Billion USD)   Our client is a world leader  (Top5 Semicon Company in 2018)  in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. They have over 34, 000 team members in 17 countries who work with the worlds most trusted brands,  delivering memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications and sparking countless possibilities in technology  our vision is to transform how the world uses information to enrich life and our commitment to people,  innovation,  tenacity,  collaboration,  and customer focus allows us to fulfill our mission to be a global leader in memory and storage solutions. This means conducting business with integrity,  accountability,  and professionalism while supporting our global community. our Nonvolatile Engineering Group is focused on developing leading- edge memory controller and System- on- Chip  (SoC)  designs,  incorporating advanced HW and FW to enable SSD and Managed NAND product roadmap. We are rapidly growing our team to take advantage of the fast- growing market opportunities and outstanding memory technology. We are developing world beating solutions by focusing on high quality engineering,  utilizing the latest tools and techniques and working in a tightly- knit team based environment. We strive for a highly productive and enjoyable working environment. It is a priority for us to provide a rich and nurturing environment where everybody in the team can contribute and grow their skills and knowledge.  Responsibilities include,  but not limited to: Working as a developer you will be part of a team implementing the FW for the latest SSD controllers with a responsibility for the delivery of high quality,  high performance designs. You will work in partnership with the architectural and firmware leadership team defining the overall solution and then working to design,  implement and then functionally test your components. You will be working to ensure the delivered firmware is to a very high quality,  utilizing an Agile like approach of iterative development,  test driven development and continuous integration. You will need to focus on ensuring you use the highest programming standards to produce highly readable and maintainable code,  in addition to meeting the performance and reliability objectives. You will work on projects from their earliest inception,  through simulation and pre SoC tapeout on FPGA and co- design environments,  SoC bringup and support the design through customer qualification and ramp into production. You will study and understand new features proposed in JEDEC and development prototype /  proof of concept innovation solutions.  Minimum Qualifications:  In depth knowledge and extensive experience with deeply embedded firmware development  Extensive experience with C /  C++ and assembly programming  You are an authority in the use of scripting languages,  programming tools and environment  Experience working in a sophisticated technology company  Experience of the storage industry,  in SSD,  HDD,  storage systems or a related technology  You have a deep understanding of storage interfaces including ideally PCIe /  NVMe,  AHCI,  SATA,  SAS,  UFS,  eMMC  You have experience with advanced NAND flash and other non- volatile storage  You possess a BSEE or equivalent required  About Us  As the leader in innovative memory solutions,  we are helping the world make sense of data by delivering technology that is transforming how the world uses information. Through our global brands -  -  we offer the industrys broadest portfolio. We are the only company manufacturing todays major memory and storage technologies:  DRAM,  NAND,  NOR and 3D XPoint memory. Our solutions are purpose built to leverage the value of data to unlock financial insights,  accelerate scientific breakthroughs and enhance communication around the world.   Contact:  Uday Bhaskar   Mulya Technologies  ""Mining the Knowledge Community""  Email id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
HIRING FOR VIMAAN ROBOTICS FOR  SOFTWARE /   ROBOTICS AND AUTONOMY ENGINEER;One Degree North Human Resource;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore;2- 6 Years;Not Specified;"GREETING FROM MADHU FROM ONE DEGREE NORTH BEST PAY MAX 5LAC.. ON SPOT OFFER….BEST COMPANIES HIRING WITH AN ATTRACTIVE SALARYPACKAGE!!!! CALL MADHU  @  9343733547 Huge job opportunities under one roof!!Spot offers!!Make the best use of the opportunity. Your hunt is just a call away. We are hiring for below listed designations for multinational companies One Degree North HR Services #29, MG Road,  Prestige Meridian Building 1 DCB and Axis Bank Building Next to Mayo HALL on Main MG Road Landmark :  Bangalore Central Mall first Floor; 107 Bangalore- 560001  VIMAAN ROBOTICS SOFTWARE ENGINEERE:  BS /  MS Degree in computer science  or equivalent with 2yrs exp in software developerS:  Rotational shiftS:  No limit (20- 30% hike) L:  MarathahalliP: Software engineerA:  No limit ROBOTICS AND AUTONOMY ENGINEERE:  Advanced degree from US is Preferred S:  Rotational shiftS:  No limitL:  MarathahalliA:  No limit2- 4yrs exp of techncial exp in Firmware development is required REFERENCES ARE APPRECIATED. Call MADHU 9343733547 Regards, Madhu HR TEAM LEAD One Degree North Consultancy 9343733547 Or forward your CV to [HIDDEN TEXT] One Degree North HR Services #29, MG Road,  Prestige Meridian Building 1 DCB and Axis Bank Building Next to Mayo HALL on Main MG Road Landmark :  Bangalore Central Mall FIRST Floor; 107 Bangalore- 560001"
Sales Engineer  /  Sales Engineer Technical /  Industrial sales- western India;Vishvas Management Consultants;Thane;1- 3 Years;180000- 240000;Degree or diploma holder in any engineering Discipline . Experience of 1- 3 years with sales of any technical products like material handling , storage racks , painting systems or electrical installation materials will be advantage. ( engineering products ) Ability to make quotations ,  make preliminary negotiations would be helpful . Making field calls locally , in Maharashtra and in nearby states would be part of the job.South Indian, Hindi, English languages Communication skill,  computer Proficiency  expectedPayment followup  mandatoryNB-  contact madhura- 9820927184 & email [HIDDEN TEXT] in word format
Game Designer -  passion for all genres of games,  a knack for coding and storytelling;Keyquest Technologies Private Limited;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore,  Chennai;2- 4 Years;Not Specified;Game Designer Responsibilities:   • Creating innovative games for entertainment or education purposes. • Conceptualizing and developing characters,  rules,  settings and stories for new games. • Pitching new game ideas to executives and clients. • Managing multiple teams and projects. • Prototyping new games. • Following industry trends and good practices. • Monitoring work and cash flows. • Developing design and gaming protocols. • Doing quality control. Game Designer Requirements:   • Bachelors degree in game design,  computer science or computer engineering. • Enthusiasm and knowledge of the industry. • Relevant certification in programming languages. • Portfolio of sample projects.
Principal Design Automation Engineer;Mulya Consulting;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore;8- 13 Years;Not Specified;"Principal Design Automation Engineer    Location :  Bangalore  This position is a permanent position with our client  (US Based Semiconductor Product Company with revenue more than 30 Billion USD)   Our client is a world leader  (Top5 Semicon Company in 2018)  in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. They have over 34, 000 team members in 17 countries who work with the worlds most trusted brands,  delivering memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications and sparking countless possibilities in technology Job Responsibilities:   Responsible for maintaining,  supporting EDA software for RTL design and verification. Develop tools,  flows,  and methodologies to increase the productivity and reliability of our controller ASIC designs. Develop and support scripts and other programming utilities used in front end RTL design and Design verification. Development of scripts,  GUIs  (Graphical user interfaces) ,  and APIs  (Application programming interfaces)  to integrate EDA tools into the design flow. Developing and optimizing design  (and DV)  work flows and work closely with design and DV teams. Provide training,  documentation,  and support to end users on new tools and methods. Developing new scripts to aid in automation of routine design and /  or verification tasks Required qualifications:   Must have a basic knowledge ofRTL design and DV. Excellent programming fundamentals are required. Experience with Unix and shell scripting is required. In depth experience in python programming language is preferred,  but recent and relevant experience in C,  C++,  JAVA,  Visual Basic,  or Perl will be considered. Proficiency in System Verilog,  and ASIC /  FPGA Flow and experience with some or all of the following areas is preferred:  Verilog,  System Verilog,  UVM,  Spice /  Fast Spice,  SPF extraction,  Floor planning,  Automated Place and Route,  LVS,  DRC. Good communication and problem solving skills are required. Innovative problem solving skills  Strong communication skills and cross- functional teamwork. M.Tech degree in Electrical Engineering  (or related fields)  with 8+ years of industry experience or B.Tech degree in Electrical Engineering  (or related fields)  with 12+ years of industry experience.    Workplace Bangalore   About Us  As the leader in creative memory solutions,  we are helping the world make sense of data by delivering technology that is transforming how the world uses information. Through our global brands . We are the only company manufacturing todays major memory and storage technologies:  DRAM,  NAND,  NOR and 3D XPoint memory. Our solutions are purpose built to use the value of data to unlock financial insights,  accelerate scientific breakthroughs and improve communication around the world.   Contact:  Uday Bhaskar   Mulya Technologies  ""Mining the Knowledge Community""  Email id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Principal Engineer,  Validation  (Top Five Semicon Co in the World);Mulya Consulting;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore;10- 16 Years;Not Specified;"Our client is a world leader  (Top5 Semicon Company in 2018)  in innovative memory solutions that transform how the world uses information. They have over 34, 000 team members in 17 countries who work with the worlds most trusted brands,  delivering memory and storage systems for a broad range of applications and sparking countless possibilities in technology  NVMe Protocol compliance or Functional validation :  Should have exp in UNH tools,  PCIe- CV FW validation  (Any:  NVMe,  SATA /  SAS)  Tools:  Lecroy Analyzers,  Oakgate,  Medusa,  SanBlaze Scripting /  Coding:  Python  (Intermediate to Expert level)  - -  Contact:  Uday Bhaskar Mulya Technologies ""Mining the Knowledge Community"" Email id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
SO00055865 -  SOC Analyst _ Trivandrum _ SUD;Arminus Software Private Limited;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore;;Not Specified;"Job Description : Job Description:    The SOC Tier 1 Analyst support a 24 /  7 365 security operation centre and monitors security tools and provides first tier responses to security incidents. The analyst follow standard operating procedures for detecting classifying and reporting incidents under the supervision of Tier 3 & Tier 4 staff. Should have SOC environment experience and security engineering and monitoring experience – an advantage. Also a good knowledge of Information,  IT and Security Good to have :  We can add CEH certification as a plus; awareness of cyber security concepts as a plus. Must have :  Good understanding of computer networks,  communication,  Internet protocols. Candidates must have passion for Cyber security,  learning new security tools Key Skills:    The SOC Tier 1 Analyst support a 24 /  7 365 security operation centre and monitors security tools and provides first tier responses to security incidents. The analyst follow standard operating procedures for detecting classifying and reporting incidents under the supervision of Tier 3 & Tier 4 staff. Should have SOC environment experience and security engineering and monitoring experience – an advantage. Also a good knowledge of Information,  IT and Security Good to have :  We can add CEH certification as a plus; awareness of cyber security concepts as a plus. Must have :  Good understanding of computer networks,  communication,  Internet protocols. Candidates must have passion for Cyber security,  learning new security tools"
Desktop Tech with Top Secret clearance;Disys India Private Limited;null;;Not Specified;Job Description : Requires a Top Secret Clearanceand Certification The technician shall be responsible for providing maintenance of computing devices,  associated peripherals,  and company approved software. The technician shall install and maintain hardware and software on those company devices and associated peripherals. The technician shall install all upgrades  (memory,  hard drives,  etc.)  and peripheral devices purchased by the company. The technician will provide the appropriate office support to coordinate and schedule new equipment installations. The technician shall monitor and update ServiceNow to ensure that all Service Level Agreements  (SLAs)  are met and make updates to ServiceNow asset records. The technician shall be responsible for the on- site installation of new devices. The technician shall assist in coordinating,  scheduling and performing relocations and re- installations of equipment upon approval from Aerospace. The technician shall perform periodic physical audits of end user computing devices to compare with ServiceNow’s records  (deployment location,  storage location,  and assignee information) . Able to support systems on both classified and unclassified networks Familiarity with security requirements  (ICD 503,  DFARS,  etc.) Advanced understanding of Active Directory  (heavy account management) Basic to moderate understanding of UNIX  (account management,  permissions,  etc.) Advanced understanding of the McAfee suite of security products  (i.e. ENS,  DLP,  MDE) Advanced understanding of hardware support experience  (i.e. swapping hard drive,  fan,  motherboard) Advanced understanding of troubleshooting HP systems Moderate understanding of maintaining /  troubleshooting VoIP devices  (i.e. Cisco Call Manager /  Unity) Advanced understanding of supporting /   troubleshooting Windows 7,  Windows 10,  MS Office,  network connectivity issues,  etc. Sr Desktop Technician must possess good verbal and written communication skills with a high focus on customer service. Sr Desktop Technician must possess ability to provide solutions to user problems to ensure user satisfaction and productivity Sr Desktop Technician must have experience in leading technicians and /  or administrators. Sr Desktop Technician has advanced understanding of service delivery framework.
Civil Engineer Automobile Engineer Site Engineer Site Supervisor Design Engineer Job 8657560883;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0- 1 Years;Not Specified;Civil Engineer Automobile Engineer Site Engineer Site Supervisor Design Engineer Job 8657560883 Mumbai /  Navi Mumbai /  Thane HEAD OFFICE IN MULUND SSC /  HSC /  GRADUATE FRESHER CANDIDATE CAN APPLY CALL NOW : -  HR SHREYA 8657560883  Age : -  18 to 35 Salary : - 12k to 18k PH and Attractive Incentive Job Timing : -  9: 30 to 6: 30  /  10: 00 to 7: 00 Male  /   Female both can apply Qualification : -  10th and 12th Fre  /   Exp both can apply Carry CV and Passport Size Photo Walk In Interview In MULUND HEAD OFFICE IN MULUND ob Summary require planning engineer to work at Mahindra Project Andheri Responsibilities and Duties planning and general management as per instruction of PM Key Skills minimuim 5 years experience in planning Required Experience and Qualifications preferable BE civil with 3 to 5 year experiance Job Type:  Full- time Salary:  ?300, 000.00 to ?400, 000.00  /  year Experience: work:  1 year  (Preferred) total work:  1 year  (Preferred)
Urgent Requirement Mechanical Engineering Job For Fresher Candidate 8422051372;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0- 1 Years;Not Specified;Urgent Requirement Mechanical Engineering Job For Fresher Candidate 8422051372 Mechanical Engineering,  Mechanical Design Engineering,  Automobile Engineer,  Oil  /  Gas job Salary Offered: - 12000 to 25000 Per month CALL NOW : -  HR SONIYA 8422051372 Education: - Diploma in Mechanical preferred Bachelor of Technology  (B.Tech)  /  Bachelor of Engineering  (B.E.)  in Mechanical preferred Experience : - 0 to 6 month Experience Mechanical Engineer in Manufacturing  /   Engineering or Automobile preferred Location: - thane  /   sion  /   bhandup  /   andheri  /   mira rd  /   kandiwali  /   vashi  /   panvel  /   navi mumbai Gender: -  Male & Female preferred Age : - Above 18 yrs Shift Time : - 9:  30 am -  6: 30 pm  (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days : - 6 Days Weekly off : - sunday, Interview Time: -  11: 00 am -  4: 00 pm | Monday to Friday CALL NOW : -  HR SONIYA 8422051372
CNC Operator, Cnc Vmc Operator, CCTV Operator, Cctv Installation,   fresher 8425014502;null;Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;CNC Operator, Cnc Vmc Operator, CCTV Operator, Cctv Installation,  fresher 8425014502Salary:  - 12000 To 25000 Per Month Qualification:  - Diploma & ITI Pass Candidate Can Apply For This job call / meet hr -  tejal - 8425014502 Experience :  - fresher candidate both can apply for this jobs  Location :  - thane vashi  /  andheri  /  wadala  /  panvel  /  ghtkoper  /  borivali Gender:  -  Male & Female preferred Shift Time :  - 10:  00 am  -  6: 30 pm  (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday Interview Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to Friday Contact Person:  - tejal  - 8425014502 Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR 8425014502 MEET HR -  Tejal - 8425014502
Urgent Requirement For Electrical Engineers;Jailaxmi Enterprises;Pune;0 - 2 Years;110000 - 220000;"Job summary; - Job Type:   -  on roll / full time Required We have urgent requirement for Electrical Engineers. Required Experience :   -  0 to 2 years About company :  -  core automobile sector If any other information contact us to 8669702312  (HR)"
EXP&Frsh FOR CIVIL ENGINEER SITE ENGINEER ELECTRICAL ENGINEER MACHINICAL ENGINEER FOR odisha;Z Plus Zone;Cuttack,  Bhubaneswar;;Not Specified;The construction sector includes the construction of commercial,  industrial,  and residential buildings and engineering projects like roads,  bridges,  and utility systems.  Construction includes both new construction and remodeling,  additions,  maintenance,  and repairs.
EXP.  FRESHER FOR CIVIL ENGINEER SITE ENGINEER ELECTRICAL ENGINEER MACHINICAL ENGINEER FOR Haridwar;Z Plus Zone;Dehradun,  Haridwar;0 - 1 Years;120000 - 240000;The construction sector includes the construction of commercial,  industrial,  and residential buildings and engineering projects like roads,  bridges,  and utility systems.  Construction includes both new construction and remodeling,  additions,  maintenance,  and repairs.   The construction sector includes the construction of commercial,  industrial,  and residential buildings and engineering projects like roads,  bridges,  and utility systems.  Construction includes both new construction and remodeling,  additions,  maintenance,  and repairs.
Civil Engineer, Site engineer, Site supervisor, Construction engineer, Design Engineer, Production;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Civil Engineer, Site engineer, Site supervisor, Construction engineer, Design Engineer, Production 9619184652 Salary Offered:  - 10000 to 25000 Per month Education:  - Bachelor of Technology  (B. Tech)    (Diploma)  Bachelor of Engineering  (B. E. )  mandatory Experience:  -  Fresher to 6 month of experience as preferred  Location :  - thane  /  sion  /  titwala  /  andheri  /  mira rd  /  kandiwali  /  vashi  /  panvel  /  navi mumbai FACILITY  -  PF + MEDICAL FACILITY Gender:  -  Male preferred Age :  - Above 18 yrs Shift Time :  - 10:  00 am  -  6: 00 pm  (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday Interview Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person:  - ISHA Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:
Infosys BPM hiring for Helpdesk  / Service Desk  – Bangalore on 4th Feb 2020 – Tuesday at Bangalore;Infosys BPM Limited;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;1 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Infosys BPM hiring for Helpdesk  / Service Desk – Bangalore on 4th Feb 2020 – Tuesday at Bangalore.  PFB Details. Please mention  DS Deepika on top of your resume. Venue : Infosys BPM Limited #785,  Ground Floor Axis Sai Jyoti 15th Cross 100 Feet Road Sarakki,  1st Phase,  J P Nagar Landmark Sindhoor Convention Hall. Date and timings :  4th Feb 2020 – Tuesday – 10. 00AM  - 12. 00PM POC:  Ramya Job level:  JL2B & JL2A Yrs of Experience: JL2B – Fresher JL2A – 2+ Years of relevant experience. Job level:  Min 4yrs with Team handling exp. Designation :  Team lead Educational details :  Graduate  /  Engineering or Technical Qualification Preferred. Education qualification :  Any Graduate  (Preferably Engineering graduates) . Shifts : 24 / 7 Shift Rotational Weekly Offs Work  Location :  Bangalore – BCIT Domain type :  Helpdesk  / Service Desk. Skill :  Preferably trouble Shooting / Windows / Mac helpdesk experience from the international voice background. Interview Process :   - 1.  HR Round 2.  CRT Round 3.  Operations Round. Documents to carry: Appointment & Relieving letter  (Previous Employers if applicable) Current employer offers letter and Salary revision letter with annexure  (if applicable)  whichever pertains to your current salary. Last 3 months salary slips. 10th & 12th Mark Sheet & Board Certificate All  (UG / PG if applicable)  Graduation Mark Sheets  (Each year separate mark Sheet or consolidated mark sheet& University Certificate) Address Proof Aadhar card / Voter ID / Passport / Driving license /  PAN Card Resume and Passport Size Photo Please ask your friends  / Colleagues also to walk for the drive if their profile matches the requirement. Disclaimer: Please do not carry laptops / cameras to the venue as these will not be allowed due to security restrictions. Original Government ID card is must for Security Clearance. Please ask your friends  / Colleagues also to walk for the drive if their profile matches the requirement Thanks & Regards, Deepika C HRO  - Talent Acquisition |Infosys BPM Ltd
Fresher Medical Coding Jobs for Radiology Grads;Core 2 Code;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore,  Chennai;0 - 1 Years;210000 - 330000;Medical Coders review the health information in the medical reports and convert them to universally accepted codes like ICD,  CPT and HCPCS. 18, 000  (Fresher)  & upto 60, 000 (Experienced)  per month with assured career growth  (Incentives & Benefits as per Corporate Standards) . Medical Coding involves working on medical reports of different specialities like consultation,  radiology,  surgery that are outsourced from global hospitals.  The medical information is converted to code numbers by analyzing the data for reimbursement from insurance.  Coding involves the work of skilled manpower with strong anatomical and computational knowledge. Eligibility: Bachelor or Master degree in Dental  (BDS) Homeopathy Ayurvedha Siddha Unani Physiotherapy  (BPT) Occupational Therapy Nursing Pharmacy Botany Zoology Microbiology Molecular Biology Biochemistry Biomedical Plant Botany & Biotechnology Biotechnology Psychology Nutrition & Dietetics Poultry Bio - Statistics Bio - Physics Geology Engineering & Technology Diploma courses in Allied health Sciences etc. , Requirements: Candidate should be from Medical / Paramedical / Life Science / Allied Health Sciences Strong knowledge in Anatomy,  Physiology and Pathology Age should be less than or equal to 30  (if they are fresher for medical coding) . Basic Computer Skills Regards, Rishi Human Resource Mobile Number  -  9791022143
Java Developer;Aspire Systems India Private Limited;Chennai;2 - 7 Years;200000 - 850000;"Greetings from Aspire Systems!! Aspire Systems is a global technology services firm serving as a trusted technology partner for our customers.  We work with some of the worlds most innovative enterprises and independent software vendors,  helping them leverage technology and outsourcing in our specific areas of expertise.  Our services include Product Engineering,  Enterprise Solutions,  Independent Testing Services and IT Infrastructure Support services.   (https:  /  / www. aspiresys. com / ) Our core philosophy of ""Attention.  Always. "" communicates our belief in lavishing care and attention on our customers and employees We appreciate your interest in Aspire Systems.  In this regard,  please make it convenient to participate in our selection process. Job Description : Experience Level :  2. 5years – 7years • Candidate should have a minimum of 2. 5 years of experience in Oops and Core Java • Should have strong experience in Persistence Frameworks (Hibernate)  & Should be expertise in spring Ecosystem • Should have a good experience in Web Services REST / SOAP  • Should have a good experience in Maven Release control  • Must be good in SQL / No SQL  • Experience in Angularjs,  Microservices will be an added advantage • Exposure in the Cloud environment • Should have experience in Design patterns,  Build Tools / Deployment • Must have experience in the Version Control System • Should be with good communication skills.  • Strong knowledge in Object - Oriented JavaScript (Must)   If you already taken this interview in the past one month,  please ignore this email .  Interested candidate can share your updated profile to [HIDDEN TEXT] with below details:   Total yrs of experience: Current CTC: Exp CTC: Notice Period: Contact Person:  Nila Jayakumar Interview Date :  8th Feb 2020 Interview Time:  8. 30AM to 3. 00PM  Looking for 30 days to Immediate Joinees.  Please share it with your coworker if you are not interested Venue: Aspire Systems  (India)  Pvt,  Ltd Sipcot IT Park Siruseri,  Chennai. Regards, Nila Jayakumar"
Electro - Mechanical Engineer /  Technicians;Sterling Technical Staffing;Saudi Arabia;8 - 10 Years;Not Specified;Reputed Shopping Center in Riyadh  -  Saudi Arabia urgently required below manpower. ELECTRO MECHANIC ENGINEER  /  TECHNICIAN :   -  I. T. I.  with minimum 8 to 10  years experience in Bakery equipment Maintenance. Gross Salary offer  -  1600 USD. ECNR Clear passport required. Client interview will be via Skype. If you are interested please email me your updated resume with all contact details,  educational,  technical,  work experience certificates,  passport scan copy.   Email  -  [HIDDEN TEXT]
Sr.  Marketing Manager & Portfolio Marketing @ Hyderabad & Bangalore @ Permanent Position;Junaati Technologies Private Limited;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;4 - 8 Years;Not Specified;Title:  Manager,  Marketing  (SB ) Role Summary / Purpose: The selected candidate will be part of Analytics Center of Excellence rolling  -  The candidate will be responsible to understand the Business Requirement,  handle project management,  drive talent development,  display thought leadership,  build & leverage relationships across multiple functions within Analytics. Essential Functions  /  Responsibilities: • Effective project management with pro - active communication to stake holders • Represent the team in multiple forums with strategic projects and build brand for the team • Key Point of contact for any portfolio related information • Deliver on regular projects and Analytical packages that can be best practiced. • Proactively propose,  initiate,  execute and own strategic projects that create business impact. • Regularly communicate with Stakeholders on Projects • Facilitate team meetings with US Portfolio analytics team. • Proactively leverage expertise in the larger team to deliver impact for Business. • Encourage members to explore latest Tools and Techniques in the Industry and leverage them for portfolio growth. • Follow audit processes,  documentation and accuracy guidelines. • Responsible and committed to the last mile execution of projects. • Collaborate with onshore team to understand the business relevancy of the projects Qualifications  /  Requirements: • Master’s Degree in Statistics,  Mathematics,  Engineering or any other quantitative streams with overall 4+ Years of Analytics experience with at least 2+ years in Portfolio Marketing • Need to have hands on experience in strategic analytics projects • 4+ years of hands on SAS / SQL / R / Python programming experience. • Need to have experience in working on various data warehouses like CDCI,  Retailer databases • Strong written / oral communication skills • Experienced in leveraging statistical techniques like data modelling and segmentation to solve business problems • Good understanding of Retail Finance business and Retail Marketing function • Proven ability to deliver Analytical solutions for Business problems. • Ability to deliver multiple projects simultaneously Desired Qualifications: • Understanding of macro - economic conditions • Good knowledge of latest Analytical practices in the Industry. • Knowledge of latest Analytics Data Visualization tools like Tableau & SAS VA. • Good to know knowledge  -  R,  Python.
System Administrator, network Administrator,  Desktop Support Engineer;Aaryan Technology;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad,  Kolkata;0 - 5 Years;350000 - 670000;Job Description: System Administrator, network Administrator,  Desktop Support Engineer Candidate Profile: Candidate should be B. E.  /  B. Tech.  /  B. C. A.  /  M. C. A.  / M. C. M.  Very Urgent Requirement If Your Profile Matches The Above Requirement And If Youre Interested In The Above Opening Kindly Email Your Resume At The Earliest As Word Doc Attachment Without Changing The Subject Line. AryanTech India Pvt Ltd 204,  2nd Flr,  Pinnacle Pride,  Sadashiv Peth, Above Maharashtra Electronics,  Nr Durvankur Dining Hall,  Tilak Road,  Pune  -  411 030. Visit and Register for Interview Appointment www. aryantech. org
Medical Coding Job Openings for Pharmacy &Lab Technician;Core 2 Code;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore,  Chennai;0 - 1 Years;110000 - 220000;Medical Coders review the health information in the medical reports and convert them to universally accepted codes like ICD,  CPT and HCPCS. 18, 000  (Fresher)  & upto 60, 000 (Experienced)  per month with assured career growth  (Incentives & Benefits as per Corporate Standards) . Medical Coding involves working on medical reports of different specialities like consultation,  radiology,  surgery that are outsourced from global hospitals.  The medical information is converted to code numbers by analyzing the data for reimbursement from insurance.  Coding involves the work of skilled manpower with strong anatomical and computational knowledge. Eligibility: Bachelor or Master degree in Dental  (BDS) Homeopathy Ayurvedha Siddha Unani Physiotherapy  (BPT) Occupational Therapy Nursing Pharmacy Botany Zoology Microbiology Molecular Biology Biochemistry Biomedical Plant Botany & Biotechnology Biotechnology Psychology Nutrition & Dietetics Poultry Bio - Statistics Bio - Physics Geology Engineering & Technology Diploma courses in Allied health Sciences etc. , Requirements: Candidate should be from Medical / Paramedical / Life Science / Allied Health Sciences Strong knowledge in Anatomy,  Physiology and Pathology Age should be less than or equal to 30  (if they are fresher for medical coding) . Basic Computer Skills Regards, Rishi Human Resource Mobile Number  -  7200273695
EXP&Fresher FOR CIVIL ENGINEER SITE ENGINEER ELECTRICAL ENGINEER MACHINICAL ENGINEER FOR LOCKNOW;Z Plus Zone;Lucknow,  Varanasi;;Not Specified;The construction sector includes the construction of commercial,  industrial,  and residential buildings and engineering projects like roads,  bridges,  and utility systems.  Construction includes both new construction and remodeling,  additions,  maintenance,  and repairs.
Urgent Hiring For Airlines Ground Staff;null;Mumbai,  Pune;0 - 2 Years;250000 - 450000;Dear Candidate, Greeting for the day! We are hiring for the jobs for the position of Air Ticketing  /  Ground Staff  /  Cabin Crew  /  Maintenance Engineer Key Responsibilities Salary starts from 20, 000 till 30, 000 Rs in Hand + Free Home pick up & Drop cabs, Job  Location  :  Mumbai / Pune Refer or Bring your friends along for the Interviews. . . More Info. . . . . Hr.  Manish Singh Contact no.   -  8447458708
Software Development Engineer;null;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;3 - 7 Years;600000 - 1000000;Design and implement awesome new features using latest advancements in technology Rapid data - driven iterations on existing product features while using / enhancing platform capabilities Work closely with Product Managers,  Designers and Other Engineering teams to push limits of product innovation using technology Deeply understand the business and operations ecosystem,  identify problems and solutions for them Help operationalize new technology features by working closely with business & operations Expected to be in hands - on development  75% of time and spending  25% of the time working with Product / Business / Operations teams  Mandatory  • Strong in problem solving with good analytical / problem - solving skills • Solid software development skills with around 3 experience of building software in Java application development with MySQL as the data store. Strong MYSQL experience and data - structures • Experience driving software engineering best practices  (e. g.  unit testing,  code reviews,  design documentation) • Proficient in a Unix / Linux environment • Excellent communication skills including experience speaking to a technical and business audiences
HUGE OPENING HARDWARE & NETWORKING FRESHERS;Donavalli Infra;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;0 - 2 Years;150000 - 180000;URGENT REQUIREMENT HARDWARE & NETWORKING FRESHERS OR EXPERIENCE 2013 to 2017  Qualification:  Any Graduation SAL :  12 K TO 20 K EXPERIENCE :  0 TO 2 YEARS JOB  Location  :  HYDERABAD CONTACT :  7032105818
Stores Executive /  Warehouse In charge /  Stores Assistant  /;Vishvas Management Consultants;Thane;1 - 3 Years;180000 - 240000;1. Candidate can handle store activities.  2. Maintain purchase and sales records of stores items,  3. Candidate should have brief knowledge and experience in  handling raw materials,  semi - processed goods.  4. Can maintain  processed ordered goods .  5 Computerised Stock Ledgers,  GST records,  Material accounting. 6.  Materials valuation,  high value items reports7.  Resident of Ambernath,  Kalyan,  Dombivli and nearby areas preferred8.  Graduates -  any,  Diploma Engineers may apply. 9. Experience in Engineering Co. stores  1 to 3 years. 10.  Good communication in English & Hindi with Computer proficiency is preferred. NB -  Please send CV in word format to [HIDDEN TEXT] or contact Sapna 7021641368
Quality Analyst with TOSCA (L2&L3)  _ 8th of FebWalk in Drive In Hyderabad with Ness Digital Engineering;Ness Technologies India Private Limited;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;4 - 12 Years;Not Specified;"Quality Analyst with TOSCA (L2&L3)  _ 8th of Feb 2020 _ Walk in Drive In Hyderabad with Ness Digital Engineering  Walk In Details: Walk in Date:  8th of Feb 2020  Walk in Time:  10 AM to 3 PM  Walk in Venue:    Venue  Ness Digital EngineeringI & II Floor,  Maximus 2A,  Raheja MindSpace,  Hitech City,  Madhapur,  Hyderabad  Job description: • 4 - 12 years of hands - on experience of software testing in all phases of testing including test planning test execution and test closure. • Excellent understanding of QA and testing methodologies,  best practices. • Good Experience with TOSCA. • Good Experience with Manual and Automation testing. • Experience using SQL to query databases required. • Experience with test data management techniques. • Excellent interpersonal skills and written communications. • High standards of confidentiality; ability to handle sensitive information with integrity and trust. • Participate actively in functional,  system and regression testing activities. • Capture quality assurance data and metrics to provide insights and conclusions. • Estimate and perform risk analysis for quality delivery. • Agile evangelist. Note:  We are looking for candidates who can join in next 45 days."
Scala Developer,  Spark Developer;Magna Infotech Limited;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore,  Pune;4 - 6 Years;Not Specified;Hi , This is Jitendra here from Magna Infotech It was pleasure to talk to you We have Multiple open Position for our Premium client in Pune  /  Bangalore  Location ,  for Spark / Scala Developer Interview  Location :  Pan India Work  Location :  Pune  /  Bangalore Interview Date:  Weekdays  (Monday to Friday) Job Description: 4 to 6 years Looking for spark / scala developer,  who will clean,  transform and anlyse vast amounts of raw data from various systems using spark to provide reusable,  ready to use by ETL developers and business users. Good in Writing and Development of high quality Spark code by using language of choice as Scala\Python,  well versed in any IDEs ( SBT,  Scala IDE)  and should be able to code,  build and package.  To perform optimization of spark jobs by using various optimization techniques and to check all possible scenarios of code modularity and reusability. Responsibilities: 1.  Help  write analytics code,  services and components in Scala,  Apache spark,  kafka etc 2.  Responsible for systems analysis,  coding,  unit testing 3.  Requirement gathering,  understanding and converting functional requirements into concrete technical tasks and able to provide reasonable effort estimates Reply with Below Details and Updated Resume if you are interested, Name : Current  Location  : Total / Relevant Experience: Current Salary / Expected Salary : Notice period :  (Note :  Pleas Dont Apply if you have 45,  60 OR 90 Days Notice period. ) Interested Candidates can share updated Resume @ [HIDDEN TEXT] Also you can connect me at 9513964376 About Magna We are the largest IT staff augmentation provider in India,  with 10, 000+ employees spread across 500+ skill sets.  Since 1997,  Magna Infotech has been a leading provider of technology staff augmentation & solutions in the Indian sub - continent.  Through our team of 500+ experienced recruiters,  we provide the entire range of staff augmentation services to our 300+ clients spread across various industries,  including BFSI,  IT / ITES Services,  Automotive and Engineering,  Telecom,  Healthcare,  and FMCG & Retail. Magna Infotech is a division of Quess Corp Limited,  India’s leading business services provider established in 2007.  Headquartered in Bengaluru,  Quess Corp has a PAN - India presence with 52 offices across 27 cities,  as well as operations in Canada,  USA,  South America,  UAE,  Sri Lanka,  Malaysia,  Singapore,  Philippines and Vietnam.  It serves 1700+ customers across 5 segments,  namely:  Global Technology Solutions,  People & Services,  Integrated Facility Management,  Industrials and Internet Business. For more details,  Kindly go thru : https:  /  / www. magna. in /
HVAC Technician;Sterling Technical Staffing;Saudi Arabia;8 - 10 Years;Not Specified;Reputed Shopping Center in Riyadh  -  Saudi Arabia urgently required below manpower. 1)  HVAC TECHNICIAN :   -  I. T. I.  /  Dipl in AC & REFG with minimum 8 to 10 years experience in maintenance in HVAC,   Refrigerating & air conditioning.  Gross Salary offer  -  800 USD. 2)  ELECTRO MECHANIC ENGINEER  /  TECHNICIAN :   -  I. T. I.  in Electronics with minimum 8 to 10 years experience in Bakery equipment Maintenance.  Gross Salary offer  -  1600 USD. ECNR Clear passport required. Client interview will be via Skype. If you are interested please email me your updated resume with all contact details,  educational,  technical,  work experience certificates,  passport scan copy.
Electrical Engineer, Electrical maintenancel, Electrical design engineer, Mechanical engineer jobs.;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Electrical Engineer, Electrical maintenancel, Electrical design engineer, Mechanical engineer jobs. 9619797121  Location  :  mumbai  / navi mumbai  / thane qualificatioin:  Diploma,  Degree male  / female both can apply age:  18 yrs to 35 years walking in interview in mulund east limited vacancy get job near by your  Location  for more information call me now :  9619797121 meet hr Saili mam
Sales Engineer  (Btech - Electrical );Lorem Figulas;Delhi,  Noida;2 - 3 Years;Not Specified;Selling of Industrial product Like PLC / VFD / Robot / Sensors in Industries & OEM. Selling of LT, HT and Electrical Control Panel in Industries , EPC , Infra,  Electrical Consultant. Selling of Industrial Automation products like PLC, VFD, Servo, Robot etc. Strong Design & Analitical Skill, Good Communication Skill, Good Leadership skill. To acieve sales target on monthly & quarterly basis and explore new customers  Skills The capability to communicate credibly to,  coordinate and influence a variety of audiences across cross functional Operations environment,  senior managers and key stakeholders externally and internally. Draft written communication in English Rigorous follow - up on sales visit and customer requirements Ability to use data to great use to gauge and recommend the best solution to Customer. Be willing to travel and hence should have own 2 wheeler conveyance Ability to work in a cross functional team  /  Ability to handle large customer number of corporate customers. Ability to learn,  adapt and move on with changes in technology. BE Graduate / MBA Regular  (English Medium) Experience   -  2 - 3 years Salary  -  Fixed + Variable.   (2. 5 - 3. 5)  + negotiable. If you are interested,  can apply asap on this email [HIDDEN TEXT] or Call @ 9910608582  /  9810388282 or you can visit the office on the below address.   Regards, Mallika Sr.  HR Recruiter  Lorem Figulas TA - 248,  4th Floor, Opposite Pocket A - 3 Main Gate, Kalkaji Extension New Delhi - 110019
Digital Solution Architect for Qatar;Vinirma Consulting Private Limited;Qatar;7 - 12 Years;Not Specified;VINIRMA Consulting Pvt.  Ltd.  is a 360° Human Resource Management Consulting and Staffing Services Organization. VINIRMA Consulting is currently looking for Digital Solution Architect for one of its clients which is a Business Consulting,  IT Solutions and Services company in Qatar with the following terms and conditions. Job Description Role Objective Be a key contributor to the Technology team,  and ensure strong partnership with business and technology team to provide technical direction and solutions for a range of digital banking products.  Manage and lead the design and development of solution Architecture,  including delivery.  Bring a product mindset and technical leadership in the production of technical solution designs,  high quality functional specifications and other technical / documentation to ensure timely product delivery with high quality user experiences.  Accountable for enterprise architecture and broader solution architecture and integration of Doha Banks internal and vendor based IT solutions,  working with colleagues from across the business units. Competencies,  Knowledge and Experience Educational Qualifications: • University graduate with a Degree in computer science,  computer engineering,  Electronics / Communication engineering or a related field of study. Experience: • 7+ years of experience – profiles with extensive BFSI experience with knowledge of both legacy systems & new age digital platforms and products. • 7 - 10 years of extensive BFSI experience within Digital delivery environments such as mobile,  web & social with the full software development life - cycle knowledge using traditional and agile methodologies • Experience of Enterprise architecture,  Service Oriented Architecture,  micro - services,  and other integration • methodologies,  ideally for Financial Services • Experience with maintaining legacy technology environments,  the strategy and architecture requirements that • accompany that environment • Experience in the developing API - based and Service Oriented architecture • Experience in leading architecture in a modern data centric business that is complex and large scale would be highly beneficial especially in relation to data tools • Experience with the architecture of mission critical,  high transaction volume environments – like Core Banking,  CTL,  TMS,  transactional RDBMS systems and high capacity data warehouse environments Technical Competencies: • Knowledge of multiple technologies including  (but not limited to) :  Java,  CSharp,  VB,  DOTNET,  ASPDOTNET,  Enterprise Integrations  (middleware,  ETL,  API etc. ) ,  Oracle EXAdata,  VDI,  Customer Experience Platform,  Treasury Management Systems,  Content Management and Customer Relationship Management systems • Knowledge of ISO Standards and Best practice frameworks ITIL,  etc. • Banking and Finance applications • Retail and Wholesale banking operations • Excellent oral and written communication skills in English and Arabic  (preferred) • Working knowledge of popular EPM tool,  with extensive knowledge in MPP Behavioral Competencies: • Naturally inquisitive – asks questions to ensure understanding • Confident decision maker – make straightforward decisions and know when to seek backup • Demonstrated communication skills,  and the ability to view and explain technology from a customer perspective • High level analytical capabilities,  applied to complex programs of work • Team player – support each other to achieve • Collaboration – can work with multiple stakeholders to deliver a common goal Detailed Roles and Responsibilities: Strategic • Support the Section Head Enterprise Architecture and contribute towards the implementation of strategy,  annual business plans,  policies and procedures of the department,  to support divisional and organizational business strategy. • Take decisions with the full knowledge of all the relevant business,  economic,  political,  and competitive environment. • Ensure that the Bank is moving forward with stretched objectives in regards to Enterprise Architecture activities. • Align functional activities and initiatives with the objectives and mission of the Bank. • Understanding,  advocating and supporting the enterprises business and IT strategies. • Setting the performance metrics of the Enterprise Architecture function. Operational • With an enterprise - wide focus,  you will assess,  design and implement IT systems architecture to support Doha Banks business strategy.  Hence collaborative leadership skills and a strong technical background are critical,  as is the ability to provide thought leadership to business stakeholders and technology team • Work very closely with the Engineering team to ensure delivered systems align with the Technology architectural strategy and the principals relating to software integrity and reusability • Adhere to Doha Banks processes,  methodologies,  standards and policies in relation to IT enterprise architecture from a governance perspective • Results orientated – understands what levers to pull to drive outcomes in a tightly regulated but changing environment • Experience in Digital BFS technologies,  Data Architectures and Cloud services.  Working knowledge of a fully integrated banking technology environment would be highly beneficial.  Especially of Digital customer experience platforms like KONY,  BACKBASE etc. • An established understanding of contemporary financial markets and the disruption occurring in the current financial services marketplace • Review and monitor the design of all applications being implemented in the Bank. • Assist Section Head Enterprise Architecture in strategic planning and budgeting for different applications for the Bank. • Leading the creation or evolution of the EA function or program,  including the coordination of an appropriately balanced pursuit of enterprise business,  information,  technical and solution architecture viewpoints People Management • As a people manager lead and motivate the project team to achieve project objectives.  Provide guidance and coaching to the project team • Ability to lead teams across multiple regions and countries,  enabling a ‘one team’ culture and a positive working environment,  respecting the cultures and capabilities across  Location s • Allocate work to project team,  nominate for training as per Doha Banks’s guidelines,  conduct performance reviews and manage leave and overtime to ensure efficiency. • Establish relationships with stakeholders / vendors to clarify project deliverables,  outputs,  timescale,  quality and cost criteria Terms and conditions: Joining time frame:  Immediate  (Maximum 1 month) Should you be interested in this opportunity,  please send your latest resume in MS Word format at the earliest at want2be (at) vinirma. com or call us +91  (0) 471 4012246 or +91  (0) 476 2684924.
EXP.  FRESHER FOR CIVIL ENGINEER SITE ENGINEER ELECTRICAL ENGINEER MACHINICAL ENGINEER FOR Rajasthan;null;Jaipur,  Alwar;;Not Specified;The construction sector includes the construction of commercial,  industrial,  and residential buildings and engineering projects like roads,  bridges,  and utility systems.  Construction includes both new construction and remodeling,  additions,  maintenance,  and repairs.
Safety Officer,  Safety Fire,  Industrial Safety,  Safety construction, Safety Engineer job 9152076965;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Safety Officer,  Safety Fire,  Industrial Safety,  Safety construction, Safety Engineer job 9152076965 Salary Offered:  - 12000 to 25000 Per month FACILITY  -  PF + MEDICAL FACILITY Qualification:  - Bachelor of Technology  (B. Tech)   (Diploma)  Bachelor of Engineering  (B. E. )  mandatory Experience:  -  Fresher to 6 month of experience as preferred Safety Officer description  /  Responsibilities :  - Support the development of OHS policies and programs Advise and instruct on various safety - related topics  (noise levels,  use of machinery etc. ) Conduct risk assessment and enforce preventative measures Review existing policies and measures and update according to legislation Initiate and organize OHS training of employees and executives Inspect premises and the work of personnel to identify issues or non - conformity  (e. g.  not using protective equipment) Oversee installations,  maintenance,  disposal of substances etc. Stop any unsafe acts or processes that seem dangerous or unhealthy Record and investigate incidents to determine causes and handle worker’s compensation claims Prepare reports on occurrences and provide statistical information to upper management Supporting the development of OHS policies and programs Advising and instructing on various safety - related topics  (noise levels,  use of machinery etc. ) Conducting risk assessment and enforcing preventative measures  Location :  - thane,   /  sion  /  vashi  /  panvel  /  navi Mumbai  /  andheri  /  goregaon  /  mira rd  /  vasai  /  kurla Gender:  -  Male & Female preferred Age :  - Above 18 yrs Shift Time :  - 10:  00 am  -  6: 00 pm  (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday Interview Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person:  -  neha Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  -  9152076965
Techno commercial sales executive / sales coordinator - Ambernath;Vishvas Management Consultants;Thane;2 - 5 Years;240000 - 300000;1) Prepare quotations & Handle preliminary negotiations . 2)  Prepare work order based on customer ‘s purchase order . 3) Follow up for order service on time . 4) Attend to Inspection by outside agencies . 5) Keep buyers advised on order progress . 6)  Experience of 2 - 5 years in similar position handling engineering products .  7) 7.  Resident of Ambernath,  Kalyan,  Dombivli and nearby areas preferred 8) Graduates -  any,  Diploma Engineers may apply. 9) Good communication in English & Hindi with Computer proficiency is preferred. NB -  Please send CV in word format to [HIDDEN TEXT] or contact Kavita 9702646385
urgent Hiring;null;Chennai;0 - 3 Years;150000 - 680000;Transport AvailableFood ProvidingShift 3 rotational ShiftUniform and ID CardEsi and PFOnroll Permanent JobSame day SelectionManufacturing Industry only
AC Technician  (Gulf return)   -  for Saudi Arabia;Heraa International Travel Services;Saudi Arabia;3 - 8 Years;Not Specified;Urgently required AC Technician for Saudi Arabia Should have knowledge of Split AC,  Window AC,  centralized AC,  etc. Candidate must be gulf experienced. Job duties of air conditioning technicians include reviewing blueprints,  installing air conditioning systems,  testing systems for proper functioning,  performing emergency repairs,  maintaining tools,  ordering supplies,  and making routine adjustments to maximize operational efficiency.  They may also record data when inspecting systems,  such as temperature of equipment,  fuel consumption and hours of operation.  Air conditioning technicians must recover and properly dispose of refrigerants when servicing air conditioning equipment since refrigerants can be harmful to the environment.  They may also sell service contracts to clients in order to ensure long - term client relationships.
Fresher Java Android IOS Developer Java Programmer;null;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore,  Delhi;0 - 5 Years;450000 - 650000;Job Description: We are hiring for Fresher Java,  Android,  IOS Developer in pune Candidate Profile: Candidate should be B. E.  /  B. Tech.  /  B. C. A.  /  M. C. A.  / M. C. M.  Very Urgent Requirement If Your Profile Matches The Above Requirement And If Youre Interested In The Above Opening Kindly Email Your Resume At The Earliest As Word Doc Attachment Without Changing The Subject Line. AryanTech India Pvt Ltd 204,  2nd Flr,  Pinnacle Pride,  Sadashiv Peth, Above Maharashtra Electronics,  Nr Durvankur Dining Hall,  Tilak Road,  Pune  -  411 030. Visit and Register for interview appointment www. aryantech. org
Job requirement for Embedded Autosar Developer for Pune  Location;Hr Remedy India;Pune;3 - 7 Years;600000 - 1000000;Dear Sir, Job Description: Skills : Autosar Experience Embedded C   Roles & Responsibilities:  -  Experience at all stages including Requirement Analysis,  Design,  Implementation,  -  Completes estimates for modules under development.  -  Reviews customers standards specification and other documentation to determine software engineering requirements  -  Contributes to program and interface architecture  -  Completes software documentation  -  Software related functionality  (module)  reviews.  -  Completes programming or monitors completion of programs.  -  Consults in commissioning products in the field,  in order to support responsible engineers.  -  Contributes on regular product,  electronic or software related functionality reviews. Good To Have:  -  Verification & Testing.  -  Specifies and manages hardware - in - the - loop simulation test benchesIf interested plz apply . . .
fitter welder electrician plumber ac technician 7045139908;null;Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 3 Years;Not Specified;fitter welder electrician plumber ac technician 7045139908Salary:  - 12000 To 25000 Per Month Qualification:  - Diploma & ITI Pass Candidate Can Apply For This job call / meet hr -  tejal - 8425014502 Experience :  - fresher candidate both can apply for this jobs  Location :  - thane vashi  /  andheri  /  wadala  /  panvel  /  ghtkoper  /  borivali Gender:  -  Male & Female preferred Shift Time :  - 10:  00 am  -  6: 30 pm  (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday Interview Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to Friday Contact Person:  - tejal  - 8425014502 Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR 8425014502 MEET HR -  shital -  7045139908
Java Full stack developer;Creeno Solutions Private Limited;Gurgaon  /  Gurugram,  Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;1 - 7 Years;500000 - 1600000;Greetings from Creenosolutions. . We have openings for Java full stack developer for one of the top notch client at Hyderabad.  Interested candidates please share us CV to [HIDDEN TEXT] Experience • 1 - 6 years of total experience in Java application development Roles & Responsibilities Sr.  Software Engineer – Java is responsible for designing and developing web applications. • He / She is responsible for delivery of end - to - end systems from analysis,  design,  implementation,  quality assurance to delivery. • He / She is responsible for delivering in an Agile manner and follows all the software development processes. Primary: Responsible for developing and design of web - based and backend,  front - end Java applications. • Responsible to actively work on each stage of Agile methodologies • Provides engineering support when building,  deploying,  configuring and supporting systems under development. Works upon the new requests assigned to him / her and develop those features • Writes design documents •Resolves and troubleshoots the problems and complex issues • Reports any blockers to his lead and helps unblock quickly Secondary: • Reports work progress and any problems faced to the Lead • Understands and evaluates complex data models • Participates in software development activities such as designing,  coding and debugging applications as required • Collaborates on new features and user experience improvements • Actively participates in team meetings,  by preparing and delivering accurate estimates and progress on work assignments. Eligibility • Experience in designing and developing enterprise applications using the latest Java technologies,  frameworks,  SDKs,  design and architectural patterns. • Should have a good understanding of database concepts. • Familiarity with full stack development is a big plus. • Excellent in Agile development methodologies,  and code repositories. • Passion for technology and learning. • Excellent communication and presentation skills • Excellent problem - solving skills. Education • BTech or MTech in Computer Science from a reputed institute,  NIT,  or IIT
Urgent opening for  Civil Engineer, Site engineer, Civil engg, Diploma Civil, Project engineer,  jobs;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Urgent opening for Civil Engineer, Site engineer, Civil engg, Diploma Civil, Project engineer,  jobs. 9619792920  Location  :  mumbai  / navi mumbai  / thane qualificatioin:  Degree , Diploma male  / female both can apply age:  18 yrs to 35 years walking in interview in mulund east limited vacancy get job near by your  Location  for more information call me now :  9619792920  meet hr arti mam
Assistant Engineer  /  PWI  (Permanent Way Inspector);Asmacs;Saudi Arabia;8 - 12 Years;Not Specified;"Assistant Engineer  /  PWI  (Permanent Way Inspector)  Qualification; B. E  /  B. Tech  /  Diploma in Civil  /  Mechanical Engineering Experience; Should have Minimum 08 Years of working Experience in Large Scale Railway Maintenance Project Nationality:  Indian Email id:  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Sales Engineer;Jupiter Consulting;Pune;1 - 4 Years;Not Specified; Location :  Chakan,  Pune.  Local candidate preferred. Candidate should have valid driving license. He shall be reporting to Sales Manager Key Responsibility • To attain the sales targets set for the business. • Planning of field sales calls and ensuring the ratios of current to new customers are in line with sales targets. • Ensuring selling is based on new or existing customers on services which meet their needs. • Complete expense reports,  sales reports,  or other paperwork. • Understand how to prepare quotes,  payment terms,  or other bid specifications. • Visit establishments to evaluate needs or to promote service sales. • Negotiate prices or terms of service agreements. Interested candidates mail CV to [HIDDEN TEXT]
Hardware Engineer Customer Support Desktop support Network Engineer, networking 9152076966;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Hardware Engineer Customer Support Desktop support engineer Network Engineer,  networking 9152076966 Education:  - Bachelor of Technology  (B. Tech)  /   (Diploma)  Bachelor of Engineering  (B. E. )  mandatory Experience :  - Fresher & 6 month Experience candidate can apply for this job  Location  :  thane ,  ghatkoper ,  malad ,  mirard ,  vashi ,  kamote ,  kalyan ,  andheri ,  bhivandi ,  sakinaka Shift Time :  - 9:  30 am  -  6: 30 pm  (day shift) Weekly Working Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday Gender:  -  Male & Female preferred Age : 18 to 35 limit Interview Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to Friday Contact Person:  - anjali Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  - 9152076966 Job Opening:  - Limited Vacancy Fresher and experience candidate both can apply.
Sales Manager  -  -  Building Materials (doors Division)   -  - mumbai  /  Pune,;2COMS Consulting Private Limited;Pune;10 - 16 Years;300000 - 700000;"Sales Manager  -  -  Construction Industry  -  - Mumbai  /  Pune / Chennai  Job Role: Sales Manager  Division  /  Department Doors Division    Location  Mumbai Chennai Pune Ahmedabad  Job Experience: Minimum 10 years preferably in Building Material Industry.  B2B experience is ideal  CTC :  6  -  8 LPA  Line Manager: Head of Sales & Marketing  Job Purpose: The job holder acts as the key link between company and Architects,  Project Management Engineers,  Builders; and aims at introducing the new product in the market and meeting the assigned sales targets.  Details of Reportees  (if any) Sales Team as assigned  Key Tasks  /  Accountabilities: Introduction and Launching New Products in the Market Undertake Market Potential Surveys and Reporting thereof Promote the Product within the communities of Architects  /  Project Management Consultants  /  Builders and such other interested parties  (Institutional Sales) .   Devise Sales Forecast based on the Market Potential and advise Production Develop Retail Sales Management thru Dealer  /  Distributor Network over a period of time Branding  /  Promotional Activities Team Management in achieving the assigned KPIs Train and coach team on new technical inputs and general management skills.   Maintain good work environment by creating a highly performance - orientated culture.   Work closely with Service Installation Team  /  Resolve and handle service related issues proactively.   Directly manage Key Customers  (Key Account Management)   Submit weekly market reports and other reports relating to competition  /  industry developments.   Work on other tasks as assigned from time to time.    Budget Responsibilities if any: Sales Travel Budget  /  Branding Budget to some extent and Team Cost  Important  Organisational  Relationships: Service  (Installation)  Team  /  Commercial  /  Accounts  /  Logistics & other internal customer departments.  Technical skills  and Knowledge: Basic MS Office  /  ERP  (if possible)   Ability to calculate backward and forward business workings.   Must have inclination to learn technical information relating to MDF Doors.    Personal Skills: Strong Selling skills  /  Should be a Go - Getter Excellent Communication  /  Presentation Skills Ability to convince and correlate real time scenarios Assertive  /  Positive Attitude  /  Maturity  Job Experience: Minimum 10 years preferably in Building Material Industry.  B2B experience is ideal.  Qualification: Engineering / Graduate / PG / MBA Contact : Keerthana 9160712930"
Accountant, Accounts manager, Tally, Account assistant, Accounts executive, Cashier 9619184652;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 3 Years;Not Specified;Accountant, Accounts manager, Tally, Account assistant, Accounts executive, Cashier 9619184652 Salary Offered:  - 12000 to 18000 Per month Education :  -  12th pass & above Experience :  - 0 to 6 month Experience can apply for this job  Location :  - THANE  /  dadar  /  sion  /  vashi  /  koperkhairne  /  panvel  /  andheri  /  mira rd  /  goregaon  /  vasai Gender:  -  Male & Female preferred Shift Time :  - 9:  30 am  -  6: 30 pm  (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :  - 6 Days Weekly off :  - sunday, Interview Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to Friday Contact Person:  - isha Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  - 9619184652
Electrical Engineer  (Industrial)   -  Saudi Arabia;Heraa International Travel Services;Saudi Arabia;8 - 13 Years;Not Specified;Designing,  maintaining,  implementing,  or improving electrical instruments,  facilities,  components,  equipment products,  or systems for industrial,  commercial or domestic purposes. Performing a wide range of engineering tasks by operating computer - assisted design or engineering software and equipment. Conferring with customers,  engineers,  and others to discuss existing or potential engineering products or projects. Ensuring that installation and operations conform to standards and customer requirements by preparing electrical systems specifications,  technical drawings or topographical maps. Establishing construction,  manufacturing or installation standards or specifications by performing a wide range of detailed calculations. Ensuring compliance with specifications,  codes,  or customer requirements by directing or coordinating installation,  manufacturing,  construction,  maintenance,  documentation,  support or testing activities. Writing reports and compiling data regarding existing and potential electrical engineering projects and studies. Preparing specifications for purchases of electrical equipment and materials. Supervising or training project team members. Estimating material,  labor,  or construction costs for budget preparation. Maintaining electrical equipment. Working with a variety of technicians.
Software Engineer  (DOTNET)   -   (3 - 8 Years)  -  Hyderabad /  Bangalore IT MNC;2COMS Consulting Private Limited;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;3 - 8 Years;500000 - 1100000;Software Engineer  (DOTNET)   -  10 positions Experience:   (2. 6  -  8 years) CTC:  Maximum up to 11 LPA openings across Hyderabad and Bangalore permanent position Direct interviews will be held from 30 - 01 - 2020 to 07 - 02 - 2020 in between 10. 00 AM to 3. 00 PM on all weekdays Interview process: System Test followed by Technical interview followed by Manager Round Interested candidates please share your updated CV to [HIDDEN TEXT] by furnishing the following details. Total work experience Current CTC Expected CTC Notice period Availability for F2F interview Job Decription: mandatory Skills: Should have an experience in DOTNET + SQL + MVC + Api  Strong knowledge of DOTNET web framework includes ASPDOTNET,  ASPDOTNET MVC,  and WCF Should have 4+ years of working experience Strong knowledge in ASPDOTNET Web API,  OWIN,  and OAuth Strong knowledge in AJAX,  Single Page Applications  (AngularJS,  Backbone. js,  Knockout. js,  ReactJS,  Webix,  DHTMLX) ,  Razor,  and Web Forms,  ADODOTNET,  LINQ,  Linq2Sql,  Entity Framework,  and NHibernate Strong knowledge of windows application technologies includes WPF,  XAML,  WinForms,  Silverlight,  AvalonDock,  CoreCLR,  RyuJIT,  CoreFX Proficient in CSharp with a good knowledge of their ecosystems Strong understanding of object - oriented programming Skill for writing reusable libraries Familiar with various design and architectural patterns Strong knowledge of Microsoft SQL Server,  SSRS,  SSIS and third party OLAP and data analysis tools.   Experience with popular web application frameworks Good to have DOTNET Core  (not mandatory)   Knack for writing clean,  readable,  and easily maintainable code Understanding of fundamental design principles for building a scalable application Experience creating database schemas that represent and support business processes Experience implementing automated testing platforms and unit tests Proficient understanding of code versioning tools such as Git,  SVN PHP,  Java and MySQL will be added advantage.   Knowledge in Microsoft Azure cloud platform will be an added advantage.   Excellent written,  verbal communication skills and critical thinking skills Should be Engineering or computer Graduate  /  Post Graduate.
Datastage Developer  -  Thirdware,  Chennai;Thirdware Solutions Limited;Chennai;5 - 8 Years;Not Specified;Thirdware Solution Limited is a multinational IT Business and Consulting Company in Enterprise Application Space  (EAS)  is recruiting Datastage Developer  Role:  Datastage Developer  Location :  Chennai  (Elcot,  Sholinganallur) Skills Required:  Must Have experience in Design and Implementation of Data warehouse Projects.  Must hsave experience in Datastage using 7. 5 / 8. 5 / 11. 5,  Data stage Designer,  Director,  and Manager Strong experience in designing and developing jobs to extract data from various sources including flat files,  RDBMS tables Strong data processing experience in Development,  Implementing and Testing Data Marts and Data Warehousing applications used ETL tool Data stage  (Designer,  Manager,  and Director)  Experience in Designing,  Compiling,  and Testing,  scheduling and running Data Stage jobs Familiar with data warehouse Development lifecycle,  data warehouse development methodology and software process engineering standards Databases:  Have experience in Teradata.  ETL Tools:  DataStage7. 5 / 8. 5 / 11. 5 Operating System:  Windows,  Unix Database:  Oracle,  PL / SQL,  Teradata,  Sql server Scheduling Tool:  Autosys Please send us your RESUME along with PHOTO with the following details 1)  Current CTC  - 2)  Expected CTC  (Exact)   - 3)  Notice Period  (How soon you can join us,  Specify if you are already serving notice period)   - 4)  Specify relevant years of experience in Datastage Development  - 5)  Specify relevant years of experience in Teradata Development  - 6)  Current  Location   /  Address  - 7)  Willingness to work in Chennai  (Yes  /  No)   - 8)  Please specify your availability for face to face interview  (in weekdays)   - 9)  Please specify your PAN  /  Passport number  - 10)  Please specify your Date of Birth  - 11)  Please specify,  if you hold certification  - 12)  Please specify,  if you have onsite experience  (country,  how long,  project)   - 13)  Please specify details,  if you hold any offer  - 14)  Willingness to work in shifts  (12 Noon  -  8 PM  /  2 PM  -  10 PM)   -  Thanks Ramkumar HR  -  Thirdware Solution Ltd. Mobile:  7550088950  /  Desk:  +91 44 4952 0019 [HIDDEN TEXT]  /  www. thirdware. com
Maintenance Elec  (Utility);Vinazin Solutions;Rudrapur;4 - 6 Years;Not Specified;Maintenance Elec  (Utility) Position:  Executive  Location :  Rudrapur,  Uttarakand Education :  Diploma of Engg.   (Mech)  / B. Tech (Mech) Experience:  4 yrs min. Duty hours :  12   Maintenance Elec  (Utility) ,  Executive,  worked in FMCG ,  Food and confectionary,  biscuits, chocolates.
Supply Chain Management;MNR Solutions Private Limited;Other International;14 - 20 Years;Not Specified;Urgently require a SCM  (Supply chain Management)  Manager with Mechanical Engineering  -  Nairobi,  Kenya Job Profile  - Role  -  SCM / Purchase Industry  -  Iron / Steel Experience  -  Minimum  -  14 Years Education  -  Diploma / Graduate Mechanical Engineer  Location   -  Nairobi  (Kenya) Compensation  -  Non Taxable Income + Other Company Benefits  (Bachelor Accommodation,  Visa / Tickets,  Medical Benefits etc) Note  -  Should be have experience in purchase of Spare Parts,  Motors,  Bearings etc)
US IT Recruiter;Vinazin Solutions;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;5 - 6 Years;Not Specified;Urgent Hiring US IT Recruiter Looking for US IT Recruiters,  15 positions,  Urgently needed 3 to 8 years or above experience. Must Have Good Communication Skills Aware of Complete US IT recruitment process,  sourcing quality cvs from job portals Monster,  Dice,  Tech Fetch, social networking sites with the best rates / salaries aware US tax terms -  C2C,  W2,  1099 Able to Handle the requirement Independently No Cab Facility Time Zone -  CST Works with Clients & Implementation Partners Current CTC -   Expected CTC : Qualification:  Graduates 10+2 welcome Interview Mode: 1st Round -  Practical Interview 2nd - F2F Note:  Looking only Males:  Thanks,  RAJ KUMAR 9963899846 [HIDDEN TEXT]
Piping Designer;Career Axes Engineering Services;Chennai;5 - 10 Years;Not Specified;Opportunity for the Piping Designer  -  Sp3d SMART PLANT 3D permanent position for the smart plant 3d Design Based Oil & Gas industry background very mandatory experience :  4 to 14 years  Location  :  Noida  -  Uttar Pradesh Salary it is negotiable if interested kindly share your updated resume Thanks& Regards Manikandan. R
AUTOMATED PARK OPERATORS  (CAR PARKING);Sterling Technical Staffing;Kuwait;5 - 7 Years;Not Specified;A Group of companies in Kuwait urgently required below manpower. AUTOMATED PARK OPERATORS  (CAR PARKING)  : Diploma in IT. Must be 3 years experience in PC programming. Should has the capabilities to operate on the variety of computer programs. He should understand how to operate the Human Interface Unit  (HMI)  and the operating methodology of Automated car park. Fluent writing  /  Speaking English High Communicator with team Members. ECNR Clear Passport required. Client interview via Skype. If you are interested please email me your updated resume with all contact details,  educational,  technical,  work experience certificates,  passport scan copy.
Required For Quality Engineers;Jailaxmi Enterprises;Pune;0 - 2 Years;110000 - 330000;"Job summary; - Job Type:   -  on roll / full time Required We have urgent requirement for Quality Engineers. Required Experience :   -  0 to 2 years About company :  -  core automobile sector If any other information contact us to 7264072330  (HR)"
Project Manager – eChannels for Qatar;Vinirma Consulting Private Limited;Qatar;7 - 12 Years;Not Specified;VINIRMA Consulting Pvt.  Ltd.  is a 360° Human Resource Management Consulting and Staffing Services Organization. VINIRMA Consulting is currently looking for Project Manager – eChannels for one of its clients which is a Business Consulting,  IT Solutions and Services company in Qatar with the following terms and conditions. JOB DESCRIPTION 1.  Role Objective The Project Manager represents the Bank’s IT department and is responsible for understanding and agreeing project objectives and organization interests.  The PM provides advice on the management of projects and organizing the various professional people working on a project by carrying out risk assessment and making sure that all the aims of the project are met.  Project Manager ensures to meet quality standards set by the PMO and the organization.  Liaise with project specialists and sub - contractors and monitoring sub - contractors to ensure guidelines are maintained.  PM is also responsible for overseeing the accounting,  costing and billing of the project assigned to him by using IT systems to keep track of project team and project progress COMPETENCIES,  KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE 1.  Educational Qualifications: • Degree in business management,  computer science,  computer engineering,  electrical engineering,  system analysis or a related field of study • PMP Certified preferred 2.  Experience: • 7+ years of experience – profiles with extensive experience handling eChannels & Digital platform  (with KONY platform experience) • Project delivery experience,  knowledge and problem solving skills in complex projects like – Core Banking Replacement,  Digital Transformation,  Infrastructure Transformation,  Business Process Reengineering,  Contact Centre upgrade,  CRM,  Enterprise Data Warehousing,  etc. to anticipate,  identify and manage risks in project delivery. • Proven track record of pragmatic and robust delivery of complex and detail - oriented initiatives. • Evidence of taking a personal level of ownership that has seen you overstepping the mark in resolving issues and supporting clients others in solving their issues. • Evidence of a well - developed ability to communicate effectively in both verbal and written formats at all levels within client organizations. • Evidence of comfort with technology concepts and solutions across the spectrum of delivery. • Demonstrable experience delivering projects end to end,  e. g.  from Inception to BAU handover. • Demonstrated track record of leading high - performance teams toward the successful attainment of challenging goals 3.  Technical Competencies: • PMP or PRINCE2 certified • Agile Scrum  /  Agile Certified Practitioner • Working knowledge of popular EPM tool,  with extensive knowledge in MPP • Knowledge of ISO Standards and Best practice frameworks ITIL,  etc. • Banking and Finance applications • Retail and Wholesale banking operations • FX Products & Operations • Money Markets Operations • Treasury & Investment Products Operations • Excellent oral and written communication skills in English and Arabic  (preferred) 4.  Behavioral Competencies: • Adherence to process,  system and schedule • Adaptability • Feedback,  motivating,  mentoring and coaching • Communication skills • Fostering Team work • Managing Change • Analytical thinking • Fostering Innovation • Strategic Thinking • Customer Orientation • Motivation Detailed Roles and Responsibilities: STRATEGIC • Accelerate the delivery and time to market of new products / projects for the Bank through rigorous project management skills. • Ensure any introduced change  (through a project)  is future - proofed to meet the vision of the organization,  is prioritized and guide the business users through the Change process. • To have a good understanding of banking organization and be able to suggest long term and short term solutions. • To be responsible for defining / adhering to project budgets and ensuring that they are well managed for the accountable budget holder. • To ensure project are managed in accordance with the project management methodology including document templates,  identifying project phases,  reporting and planning information for successful project delivery. OPERATIONAL • Primary responsibilities involves understanding what needs to be achieved in the project.  To assist business analysts in business analysis  /  reviews for departments as requested. • Project manager will meet with various stakeholders in order to ascertain the overall objectives of the project.  Furthermore,  they will employ the services of expert business analysts,  who will get to the real crux of the problem and identify the nitty - gritty aspects of what the project should achieve. • Once they’ve established the detailed project goals,  the project manager will draw up extensive project plans,  schedules and deadlines for each individual stage of the project. • Project managers are the driving force behind business operations,  and get involved in all aspects of the project they are managing:  hiring and managing project team members of their project team,  liaising with potential suppliers and getting involved with the direct man - management side of things,  too. • Monitor the costs and progress of the project,  ultimate aim is to complete the project on time and within budget. • To ensure that there is a good sign off for implemented projects and that they are handed over to the business owner on completion. • To take a leading role in business planning process,  managing dependencies across the work streams and the consolidation of activity  (as appropriate) . • To be responsible for maintaining an oversight of all projects being managed across the organization providing reports to IT Management and other Department Heads,  as appropriate. • To be responsible for the delivery of projects aims and objectives as outlined in the relevant specifications for assigned projects. • To produce regular reports for IT Management and other Department Heads giving updates on current projects and for future projects that have been submitted for evaluation,  as appropriate. PEOPLE MANAGEMENT • Managing People in Projects by providing a focused,  rational method for improving the performance of project members • Getting people to perform on projects,  even if they dont report to project manager • Analyzing project team performance in projects and revisiting the engagement approach • Identifying factors that block the success of projects • Provide guidance and coaching to the project team and motivate them to achieve project objectives. Terms and conditions: Joining time frame:  Immediate  (Maximum 1 month) Should you be interested in this opportunity,  please send your latest resume in MS Word format at the earliest at want2be (at) vinirma. com or call us +91  (0) 471 4012246 or +91  (0) 476 2684924.
Quality Assurance Engineer;Mansard Software Solution Private Limited;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;2 - 6 Years;Not Specified;Brief Position Description: Responsibilities  • Create and document test plans,  test data,  test cases,  and automated scripts to ensure functional coverage and quality for APIs and web applications. • Perform Web,  API,  functional,  regression,  load,  and end - to - end testing automated and manual as needed. • Write and / or modify SQL queries to perform database validations. • Experience testing software in an Agile development environment and continuous integration,  highly desired. • Expert in developing and executing maintainable automation tests for acceptance,  functional,  and regression test cases. • Must be well versed in testing of complex enterprise software.  Job Qualifications:    • 2 - 4 years of Software QA experience and a distinguished track record on highly technical projects. • Excellent communication skills,  both verbal and written,  and attention to detail.  Bachelors Degree in computer science or equivalent experience. • 3+ years in automated testing environment with strong experience with frameworks and tools (desired) . • Strong ability to plan,  create,  automate,  and execute test plans and test cases in a fast - paced,  technically - challenging,  product - oriented environment. • Firm understanding of quality engineering and Agile / Scrum practices,  processes and techniques. • Demonstrated ability to build and maintain code repositories preferably using Git. • Experience with test case management tools,  such as Jira,  Zephyr,  or Squash.  Ability to communicate and collaborate cross - functionally,  and work well in a team - oriented environment. • Experience in start - up companies
fitter welder electrician plumber ac technician fresher  7045139908;null;Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;fitter welder electrician plumber ac technician CNC Operator cctv operator  7045139908 Salary:  - 12000 To 25000 Per Month Qualification:  - Diploma & ITI Pass Candidate Can Apply For This job call / meet hr -  tejal - 8425014502 Experience :  - fresher candidate both can apply for this jobs  Location :  - thane vashi  /  andheri  /  wadala  /  panvel  /  ghtkoper  /  borivali Gender:  -  Male & Female preferred Shift Time :  - 10:  00 am  -  6: 30 pm  (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday Interview Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to Friday
Angular with Docker Developer  /  Senior Developer  /  Tech Lead;2COMS Consulting Private Limited;Kolkata;3 - 8 Years;Not Specified;Position:  Software Developer  /  Senior Developer  /  Tech Lead. Skills:  Angular 6,  7 or 8 with Docker.  Location :  Kolkata. Organization:  Fortune 100 Company Job Type:  Permanent Notice Period:  Max 45 days. Experience:  3+ yrs.  Candidate should have hands on experience in Angular 6,  7 or 8.  Candidate should have hands on project experience in Docker.  Candidate should have a good experience in Programming. Required Candidate profileHands on experience in Angular. Project experience in Docker Candidate should have a good experience in Programming. Should be able to relocate to kolkata Should have proper academic and professional credentials. Should have good communication skill
Lead Software Engineer;ALLEGIS SERVICES  (INDIA)  PRIVATE LIMITED  (RPO);Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;7 - 11 Years;Not Specified; -  7+ years of experience in Software Engineering  /  Information Technology as a lead in solving real world problems.  -  3+ years of experience in developing and designing scalable distributed systems.  -  Proficient with Core Java and J2EE based technologies.  -  Proficient with REST based microservices development using Java.  -  Experience in designing SOA / microservice based architecture.  -  Proficient with Design Patterns.
Technical Support Engineer / Technical Support Executive  - B2B voice  (Mahi - 9213701010);Jobs Expert Private Limited;Gurgaon  /  Gurugram,  Pune;0 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Technical Support Engineer / Technical Support Executive  - B2B voice  (Mahi - 9213701010) Desired candidate : Any grad fresher or under grad with minimum 1 year experience in technical support can apply Must have excellent communication skills Must have good knowledge in DNS, DHCP, Active directory, Exchange server, window server CTC - 5. 8LPA + unlimited incentives 5 Days working cab facility  Location  -  Gurgaon candidate must be flexible with 24*7 shifts Skype interviews are available for outstation candidates 
AppDynamics  /  New Relic Engineer with Production experience;Cortex Consulting Private Limited;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;6 - 14 Years;Not Specified;? Responsible to design,  implement and operate monitoring tools and process for end - to - end monitoring of all technology assets.  Company’s Global Enterprise Continues Monitoring roadmap scope includes both internal technologies and external technologies. ? Lead efforts to design,  integrate and implement monitoring systems for On - premise,  cloud infrastructure,  applications,  performance monitoring,  transaction monitoring and synthetic monitoring leveraging IAAS,  PAAS ? Resolve complex technical issues and drive innovation that improves system availability,  resiliency,  and performance. ? Build end - to - end monitoring,  detection and prevention tools for Company products and Platform and customer - facing environments. ? Define,  drive,  and implement an architecture strategy and standards for end - to - end monitoring. ? Partner with the rest of the technology teams including application development,  enterprise architecture,  testing services,  network engineering,  security,  and operations to establish end - to - end monitoring strategy. ? Engineer monitoring solutions operations and policies to drive proactive alerts and notification. ? Work with operational teams to automate proactive actions to proactively solve problems through automation
Java  (devops)  Engineer  -  Thirdware  -  Sholinganallur;Thirdware Solutions Limited;Chennai;5 - 10 Years;800000 - 1800000;Thirdware Solution Limited is a multinational IT Business and Consulting Company in Enterprise Application Space  (EAS)  is recruiting Java  /  J2EE  (Devops)  Engineer for Chennai operations. Please read and understand our capabilities and the job profile Job Title:  Java J2EE  (Devops)  Engineer Experience:  5+ Years  Location :  Chennai  (Elcot Sholinganallur) Full Stack developer in Mobility space with hands - on development experience using Spring MVC,  Spring boot,  Hibernate,  JSP,  Java Servlets,  Java Struts,  Android.  .  Good understanding and experience of cloud application design principles  (such as microservices,  PCF,  Azure etc. )  . Knowledge of the latest development tools across the software development workflow  (coding,  building,  deployment,  operations,  version controlling  (GitHub) ,  task tracking (JIRA / Rally) ) .  Experience owning and working end - to - end on an application  -  from system  (server,  deployment,  configuration management)  to back end  (container,  application,  database)  to front end  (mobile devices)   -  is preferred . Good understanding of design patterns (MVC etc) ,  object oriented design,  and frameworks .  Good RDBMS skills and experience in DB / SQL .  Hands - on experience with RESTful and SOAP web services .  Good understanding of DevOps principles including CI / CD (tools:  Jenkins)  .  Appreciation of good engineering practices like Test - driven development,  code reviews and continuous integration .  Experience in developing applications from scratch single handedly with very high efficiency coding,  performance and end - to - end deployment. For the position,  as part of the recruitment process,  you may have to take up online coding test  (Hackerrank) Please send us your RESUME along with PHOTO with the following details 1)  Current CTC  - 2)  Expected CTC  (Exact)   - 3)  Notice Period  (How soon you can join us,  Specify if you are already serving notice period)   - 4)  Specify relevant years of experience in Java  /  J2EE  - 5)  Specify if you have experience in Devops methodlogy  - 6)  Current  Location   /  Address  - 7)  Willingness to work in Chennai  (Yes  /  No)   - 8)  Please specify your availability for face to face interview  (in weekdays)   - 9)  Please specify your PAN  /  Passport number  - 10)  Please specify your Date of Birth  - 11) Please specify,  if you hold certification  - 12)  Please specify,  if you have onsite experience  (country,  how long,  project)   - 13)  Please specify details,  if you hold any offer  - 14)  Willingness to work in shifts  (12 Noon  -  8 PM  /  2 PM  -  10 PM)   - Regards, Joseph Thirdware Solution Inc +9195000 29041  /  +1 734 237 978 [HIDDEN TEXT]
Design Engineer  -  Calculation  (Pressure Vessel);Radial HR Solutions;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;1 - 6 Years;300000 - 400000;Design Engineer  -  Calculation  (Pressure Vessel) About Company:  Company is into Biopharma industry. They design & build high - end bio process equipment.  sector. Job Description: Education :  BE – Chemical  / Mechanical Engineering Technical Skills required :  Experience in all Pressure Vessel Calculations as per ASME – Sec. 8 Dev. 01 by Manual method. :    Experience in AutoCAD  & Autodesk Inventor will be added advantage. Experience :  2 TO 3 years Salary :  3 to 4 Lacs Role: Preparing Design  Data Sheet based on the customer input & Preparations of vessel data sheets.  . Preparation of all Design Calculations related to pressure vessels through ASME BPVC Section VIII Division I,  Manually & added  Knowledge on software calculations like PVElite. Pressure vessels design as per PED 2014 / 68 / EU  (Design & Drawings) Preparing all the documents required for 3rd party approval & C - ordination with Inspection agency. Preparation,  Verification of 2D  (GA,  FABRICATION & PART)  drawings. Preparation & Verification of  Skid,  Platform and Ladders supports Verification of Pipe routings through ASME BPE requirements.  Location : Bangalore Design Engineer  -  Calculation  (Pressure Vessel) ,  Pressure Vessel Calculation,  Vessel Calculation,  vessel,  Calculation,  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  - Please share the below details and send your resume to radialhr{at}gmail[dot]com for us to expedite the process: Email Subject:   #992385 -  Design Engineer  -  Calculation  (Pressure Vessel) Position applied for: Design Engineer  -  Calculation  (Pressure Vessel) Total Exp: Relavant experience?: Current CTC: Current  Location : Willing to work at Bangalore?: Qualification: Expected CTC: Notice Period: Job Posted by: Radial HR Solutions www. radialhr. com
Fresher  /  Online Data Entry  /  Form Filling  /  Data Base Administrator  /   Computer Operator;Aaryan Technology;Pune,  Navi Mumbai;0 - 5 Years;210000 - 350000;Roles & Responsibilities:  Position: Fresher  / Computer Operator /  Data Entry Executive / Online Data Entry  /  Data Entry Operator  /  Data Base Administrator  /  Data Entry Officer / DEo / Back Office Executive /  Data Entry Executive Freshers can also Apply Any Graduate / Post Graduate Candidate can work from Any  Location . Form Filling and Ad posting kind of requirements. Online Data Entry and Form Filling Jobs You need to work for various fortune 500 listed companies. 2 hrs a day. Very Urgent Requirement If Your Profile Matches The Above Requirement And If Youre Interested In The Above Opening Kindly Email Your Resume At The Earliest As Word Doc Attachment Without Changing The Subject Line.  Aryan Technology 204,  2nd Flr,  Pinnacle Pride,  Sadashiv Peth, Above Maharashtra Electronics,  Nr Durvankur Dining Hall,  Tilak Road,  Pune  -  411 030. Mobile  -  9890601688
Web Designer Web Developers PHP developer,   Graphic Designer;null;Mumbai,  Pune;0 - 5 Years;350000 - 650000;Job Description: We are hiring for Fresher Web Designer Web Developers,  PHP developer Very Urgent Requirement If Your Profile Matches The Above Requirement And If Youre Interested In The Above Opening Kindly Email Your Resume At The Earliest As Word Doc Attachment Without Changing The Subject Line. AryanTech India Pvt Ltd 204,  2nd Flr,  Pinnacle Pride,  Sadashiv Peth, Above Maharashtra Electronics,  Nr Durvankur Dining Hall,  Tilak Road,  Pune  -  411 030. Visit and Register for interview appointment www. aryantech. org
Urgent opening for CI  / Devops Engineer for Mumbai - Borivali;Futurz Human Resources Solutions Private Limited;Mumbai,  Mumbai City;2 - 5 Years;Not Specified;JD: Should have 3 Years of experience. Jenkins,  GIT / gerrit,  Linux,  bash,  python,  groovy,  maven,  Telecom experience is advantage.  Interested candidates can call on 7400091126 OR Email:  [HIDDEN TEXT]
Training cum Job Opportunity in Automotive / Aero / Home Appliance Engineering Design Industry;E - Mug Engineering Services Private Limited;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;0 - 3 Years;Not Specified;We are looking for Trainee Design Engineer in Automotive / Aero / Home Appliance Engineering Design Industry Note:  Admission only after qualifying the selection process  -  Engineering Tests & F2F interview and CAD Test Selected candidates will be taken into Job Guarantee Program Our Program is based on Industry Required Domain (BIW, INTERIOR, EXTERIOR, SEATING & GD&T)  Oriented with Live Projects and Design Standards of TOP OEMs and Best Modeling Methods Direct Walk - in into the Our Office EMUGTECH For More Information Contact HR:  9515120648  / 040 - 66836983 after successful completion of the program and clearing the tests,  candidates  will be given offer Letter in emug engineering services and placed at our client  Location  and Our Project division. Terms and Conditions Applicable for Training Period
New Rules for Australia Permanent Residency Visa;VJC Immigration & VISA Consultants Private Limited;Australia;5 - 12 Years;Not Specified;Java / J2EE,  DOTNET,  Oracle,  Oracle Fusion / Cloud ,  Hadoop,  SQL Developer,  Big Data,  Salesforce,  Tableau,  Networking,  ETL,  Informatica,  Devops Android,  IOS,  Business Analyst,  Quality Analyst,  Project Manager,  UI Developer,  DBAs,  Embedded Systems,  Python,  Storage Admin,  PEGA ,  SALES FORCE,  WORK DAY,  AWS  /  Cloud,  Web UI  /  AngularJS  /  Meanstack developers,  MOBILE TESTING,  ETL  -  INFORMATICA  /  TERADATA,  QA  ( MANUAL AND AUTOMATION TESTERS) ,  Windows ADMINISTRATORS,  WEBLOGIC,  SAP ( ALL MODULES)  ,  SHAREPOINT,  DATA SCIENTIST,  People soft ,  oracle apps
Java  (devops)  Engineer  -  Thirdware  -  Sholinganallur;Thirdware Solutions Limited;Chennai;4 - 9 Years;800000 - 1800000;Thirdware Solution Limited is a multinational IT Business and Consulting Company in Enterprise Application Space  (EAS)  is recruiting Java  /  J2EE  (Devops)  Engineer for Chennai operations. Please read and understand our capabilities and the job profile Job Title:  Java J2EE  (Devops)  Engineer Experience:  3+ Years  Location :  Chennai  (Elcot Sholinganallur) Full Stack developer in Mobility space with hands - on development experience using Spring MVC,  Spring boot,  Hibernate,  JSP,  Java Servlets,  Java Struts,  Android.  .  Good understanding and experience of cloud application design principles  (such as microservices,  PCF,  Azure etc. )  . Knowledge of the latest development tools across the software development workflow  (coding,  building,  deployment,  operations,  version controlling  (GitHub) ,  task tracking (JIRA / Rally) ) .  Experience owning and working end - to - end on an application  -  from system  (server,  deployment,  configuration management)  to back end  (container,  application,  database)  to front end  (mobile devices)   -  is preferred . Good understanding of design patterns (MVC etc) ,  object oriented design,  and frameworks .  Good RDBMS skills and experience in DB / SQL .  Hands - on experience with RESTful and SOAP web services .  Good understanding of DevOps principles including CI / CD (tools:  Jenkins)  .  Appreciation of good engineering practices like Test - driven development,  code reviews and continuous integration .  Experience in developing applications from scratch single handedly with very high efficiency coding,  performance and end - to - end deployment. For the position,  as part of the recruitment process,  you may have to take up online coding test  (Hackerrank) Please send us your RESUME along with PHOTO with the following details 1)  Current CTC  - 2)  Expected CTC  (Exact)   - 3)  Notice Period  (How soon you can join us,  Specify if you are already serving notice period)   - 4)  Specify relevant years of experience in Java  /  J2EE  - 5)  Specify if you have experience in Devops methodlogy  - 6)  Current  Location   /  Address  - 7)  Willingness to work in Chennai  (Yes  /  No)   - 8)  Please specify your availability for face to face interview  (in weekdays)   - 9)  Please specify your PAN  /  Passport number  - 10)  Please specify your Date of Birth  - 11) Please specify,  if you hold certification  - 12)  Please specify,  if you have onsite experience  (country,  how long,  project)   - 13)  Please specify details,  if you hold any offer  - 14)  Willingness to work in shifts  (12 Noon  -  8 PM  /  2 PM  -  10 PM)   - Regards, Prabhu Thirdware Solution Inc +919994176550 [HIDDEN TEXT]
Urgent Hiring For Airlines Ground Staff;null;Jaipur,  Jodhpur;0 - 1 Years;250000 - 450000;Dear Candidate, Greeting for the day! We are hiring for the jobs for the position of Air Ticketing  /  Ground Staff  /  Cabin Crew  /  Maintenance Engineer Key Responsibilities Salary starts from 20, 000 till 30, 000 Rs in Hand + Free Home pick up & Drop cabs, Job  Location  :  Jaipur / Jodhpur Refer or Bring your friends along for the Interviews. . . More Info. . . . . Hr.  Manish Singh Contact no.   -  8447458708
Get Free Counseling for Australia PR Visa with New Rules.  Hurry UP!;VJC Immigration & VISA Consultants Private Limited;Australia;5 - 12 Years;Not Specified;Java / J2EE,  DOTNET,  Oracle,  Oracle Fusion / Cloud ,  Hadoop,  SQL Developer,  Big Data,  Salesforce,  Tableau,  Networking,  ETL,  Informatica,  Devops Android,  IOS,  Business Analyst,  Quality Analyst,  Project Manager,  UI Developer,  DBAs,  Embedded Systems,  Python,  Storage Admin,  PEGA ,  SALES FORCE,  WORK DAY,  AWS  /  Cloud,  Web UI  /  AngularJS  /  Meanstack developers,  MOBILE TESTING,  ETL  -  INFORMATICA  /  TERADATA,  QA  ( MANUAL AND AUTOMATION TESTERS) ,  Windows ADMINISTRATORS,  WEBLOGIC,  SAP ( ALL MODULES)  ,  SHAREPOINT,  DATA SCIENTIST,  People soft ,  oracle apps
Manager Business Excellence  -  Quality Department;Hi Tides Consulting;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;10 - 15 Years;Not Specified;implementation and mentoring of Lean Six Sigma Projects • Working knowledge of Quality Management standards ISO 9001:  2015 & / or AS 9100 Rev D • Background in manufacturing environment especially electronic system & assemblies • Strong Technical Knowledge,  Excellent Communication skills,  Ability to be flexible and proactive • Experience improving and developing the knowledge & skills of others • Ability to drive and manage change management initiatives
PROPOSAL CUM DESIGN MANAGER;Mahathi Infra Services Private Limited;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;10 - 15 Years;Not Specified;DEAR CANDIDATE, Greetings from Mahathi. . . . . . . . .  JD for Local Employee to be deputed in Hyderabad Role:  PROPOSAL CUM DESIGN MANAGER Experience:  10 years’ minimum in the relevant field Designation:  Manager – Proposals & Design  Nationality:  Indian Age:  29 – 36 yrs  Location :  Hyderabad Education:  Bachelor of Mechanical Engineering University:  Reputed University in India Qualification:  First Class Languages known:  English,  Hindi & any other regional language is preferred Technical Skills:  Knowledge on Thermal Equipment like Boilers,  Heat Exchangers,  Thermic Fluid Heaters Knowledge on combustion technology to burn variety of fuels Read and understand technical proposals Able to do heat & mass transfer calculations Able to explain the various modalities of technical solutions to the clients Convince the client on our brand & technical superiority  Financial Skills:  Pricing Strategy Competition pricing knowledge Feedback to the Head on pricing while negotiating with the clients  Commercial Skills:  Logistics & Transportation the goods Knowledge on Local Taxation Knowledge on Custom formalities Knowledge on Bank Guarantees  Personality Skills:  Humble & Down to Earth Honest Aggressive in Sales,  Smart in reading the person in front Innovative in ideas to chalk down new strategies of sales Ready to listen & learn new things Self - motivated Easy goingJob responsibilities:  We are looking for a Senior person for Proposals cum Design in India based out of Hyderabad who will be reporting to the Head Operations  /  Business Head. Steam Generators  (Boilers)  of Solid & Liquid Fuels,   Thermic Fluid Heaters working on Solid & Liquid Fuels.  Waste to Energy Boilers,  Hot Air Generator’s,  All type of pressure vessels & Tanks,  Reactor’s ,  Receivers . Convert the inquiries into orders Prepare Fortnightly & Monthly reports on progress of these inquiries. Achieve yearly sales targets Salary:  As per industry norms:     Joining Date:  Immediately Please send the details along with your updated Resume’. 1.  FULL NAME: 2.  ADDRESS: 3.  AGE: 4.  MARITAL STATUS: 5.  QUALIFICATIONS: 6.  TOTAL EXPERIENCE: 7.  CURRENT EMPLOYER: 8.  CURRENT DESIGNATION: 9.  CURRENT  Location : 10.  CURRENT CTC: 11.  NOTICE PERIOD: 12.  EXPECTED SALARY: 13.  WILLING TO RELOCATE TO HYDERABAD:
HR Manager;Refine Homely Spaces Private Limited;Cochin  /  Kochi  /  Ernakulam;10 - 20 Years;Not Specified;"Duties: Selection and retention of suitable employees at all levels. Overall administration of day to day affairs. Strategic planning,  implementation and its executive leadership. Performance monitoring and proactive actions as per the organizational policy. Responsibilities:  Will be responsible for forming the right team and good organisational culture. Will be responsible for the performance,  quality,  brand value,  and financial performance of the company. Qualifications: Graduation or Post - Graduation  (with specialization in HRM)   /  certification /  executive programs in HR management is preferred.  Contact;9048892967"
Get Free Conciliating In Canada PR Hurry  -  UP;VJC Immigration & VISA Consultants Private Limited;Canada;3 - 12 Years;Not Specified;Limited PNP Seats for only Managers Closing PNP Submissions Limited files are only Accepted CANADA is calling you for New Entry 2020 Get your Canadian PR in 6 Months with Less IELTS Score.  Hurry UP
Technical Sales Engineer  -  1 to 5 years  -  Dadar Area;Bold Venture Consultancy LLP;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Thane;1 - 5 Years;140000 - 360000;Products: Data Loggers,  Temperature Controllers,  Humidity controllers,  Profile Controllers,  Display systems for Production and Messages,  RPM indicators,  Rate meters,  Flow meters,  controllers for dedicated applications. Responsibilities and Duties Interact with existing & new customers and improve business from them. Understand the technical specifications and prepare techno commercial offers,  follow - up ,  get the purchase orders and close the sale.  It is a B to B business opportunity Profile would be 70%commercial and30% technical* Industrial Visits 4 to 5 days a week.  Explain  /  demo the instruments & Software. Train and develop junior engineers. Find new engineering applications,  search new companies & geographical areas & marketing. Study the market and direct the R & D department for future products. Participate in industrial exhibitions. Prepare technical datasheets and Presentations,  help to update company’s digital push. Update the CRM Software. Key Skills Nice communication skills Required Experience and Qualifications BE /  B. Tech  -  Electronics. 1 / 5 Yrs Exp Candidate required. Nice communication skills. Good interpersonal skills. Benefits PF facility No Salary bar for excellent candidates Competitive salary as per industry standards. Industrial training will be given by company
Trainee Electrical Engineer;null;Pune;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Preparing and agreeing project specifications,  budgets and timescales with clients Undertaking relevant research Implementing designs Creating test procedures Testing,  evaluating,  modifying and re - testing products Writing reports and documentation Analysing and interpreting data
Senior Software Engineer;Banctec Tps India Private Limited;Delhi;5 - 9 Years;Not Specified;Role:  The Senior DOTNET Programmer will be responsible for the development of new  / existing products & projects of our organization.  In more details,  the senior DOTNET Developer will: • Participate,  as a member of a project team,  in the development and implementation of new software as per customers and marketing requirements. • Design,  develop and write functional specifications,  detailed design specifications,  unit tests plans,  units tests scripts,  source code,  installation instructions and any other required engineering documents or software required in BancTec software development process. • Perform integration tests or code automated tests for programs developed by his peers. • Troubleshoot and fix software problems found in existing software products. • Coordinate application implementations and follow - up on client problems. • Customer Support on a rotation basis. Successful candidates will draw on experience using DOTNET framework 4. 0  /  4. 5 & 4. 6 and T - SQL to assist in the low level design and implementation of modules to integrate into the BancTec component based architecture. Qualifications:  The ideal candidate is proactive,  versatile and self - sufficient with extensive knowledge of Microsoft Development tools.  The candidate must also possess the following qualifications: • MS DOTNET Framework 4. 0,  4. 5. 1, 4. 6 • CSharp • ASPDOTNET • Strong skills in MVC 4. 0  /  5. 0 • Strong skills in Angular JS 1. 4  /  2. 0 • Strong JQuery & Javascript skills • Good SQL Skills • Microsoft Platforms 2008 R2  /  2012 server • Knowledge and experience using recognized software development processes • XML,  XSL and other Web development technologies will be an added advantage • Subversion tools [SVN 1. 8,  TFS 2012] • Good Communication in English  (written & spoken)
Project Engineer  (Manufacturing);Radial HR Solutions;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;5 - 10 Years;800000 - 1150000;Project Engineer  (Manufacturing) About Company:  Company is into one of the leading import agency for Railway track maintenance machines in India sector.  Job Description:  Job description¬  1.  Candidate should be able to direct,  coordinate,  and exercise functional authority for planning and organizing high - level manufacturing projects in at least four different product lines  (at 4 separate  Location s)  to completion.    2.  Candidate should be able to effectively and accurately plan to ensure completion of high - level projects.  3.  Candidate should be able to generate accurate project schedules and solutions to design challenges and production delays in order to provide a high - quality product in accordance with customer specifications.  4.  Candidates job can be further sub - divided into the following broad areas -   Project Management  • Develop the product build cost estimate based on customer requirements defined in the Product Definition.  • Develop the project schedule by studying the project plan and specifications,  calculating time requirement and sequencing project elements.  • Prepare project status reports by collecting,  analyzing,  and summarizing information and trends then recommending actions.  Production Management  • Maintain project schedule by monitoring project progress,  coordinating activities,  and resolving problems.  • Control project plan by reviewing design,  specifications,  plan,  and schedule changes then recommending actions.  • Control project costs by approving engineering releases and change orders and monitoring purchase cost versus material cost estimate.  Engineering Management  • Review engineering design and documentation while Collaborating with engineering and 3rd party suppliers to create structures which can be manufactured.  • Evaluate and approve engineering design change,  specification,  and documentation releases.  • Provide feedback to engineering and 3rd party suppliers on design issues discovered during the build process.  Manufacturing Management  • Maintain safe and clean working environment by working with shop supervision to assure compliance to procedures,  rules,  and regulations.  • Contribute to team effort at the co - production partner facility by involvement in Continuing Process Improvement initiatives.  • Assist and with tooling,  layouts,  and assembly process for 3rd party suppliers.   Work Exp:  6+ years’ related experience,  3+ years’ experience providing training to other Manufacturing Engineers and Manufacturing Project Engineers,  3+ Experience working with Microsoft Projects and Enterprise Resource Planning  (ERP)  Systems,  2+ Experience leading a cross functional team to machine assembly completion.  Job  Location   -  Bangalore  Educational Qualifications  -    • Btech /  BE  -  Mechanical,  Any other Specialization  AND  • Mtech  -  Mechanical,  Production / Industrial,  Other Engineering  ALSO DESIRED  • AutoCAD  • Maintain Railroad Certifications,    • Lead / Six Sigma Green Belt and  • Lead Kaizen event or continuous improvement project  Candidate Profile  -    • Candidate should be a highly motivated individual to work in the fast paced railway environment.    • Candidate should be highly adaptable  • Candidate should have a Customer Focus outlook  • Candidate should be adept at Problem Solving  • Candidate must possess excellent organizational and planning skills.  • Candidate must possess Process Management skills  • Candidate must possess strong managerial capabilities and sound leadership skills.    • Candidate must be fluent in English,  Hindi and Kannada.    • Candidates should have excellent communication skills both verbal and written in all three languages mentioned above.  • Computer proficiency in MS Office,  Excel,  AUTOCAD,  Other Design Software,  Lead / Six Sigma Green Belt,  lead Kaizen event or continuous improvement project etc is a must.  • Candidate should at all times have high level of Safety Awareness.  • Candidate should be able to maintain railroad certificates.  • Candidate must have a vehicle of their own to travel from place to place.  • Candidates with a background of the armed forces or railways in the engineering sphere would be ideal.  • Age Criterion  -  25 -  35years  Salary Offered:  9 - 11. 5Lp. a Project Engineer  (Manufacturing) ,  six sigma,  green belt,  Kaizen,  autocad,  catia,  solidworks,  unigrphics,  manufacturing,  projects,  project management,  project coordination,  quality,  operations,  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  - Please share the below details and send your resume to radialhr{at}gmail[dot]com for us to expedite the process: Email Subject:   #992384 -  Project Engineer  (Manufacturing) Position applied for: Project Engineer  (Manufacturing) Total Exp: Relavant experience?: Current CTC: Current  Location : Willing to work at Bangalore?: Qualification: Expected CTC: Notice Period:     Job Posted by: Radial HR Solutions www. radialhr. com
Urgent Hiring For Airlines Ground Staff;null;Gwalior,  Nagpur;0 - 1 Years;250000 - 450000;Dear Candidate, Greeting for the day! We are hiring for the jobs for the position of Air Ticketing  /  Ground Staff  /  Cabin Crew  /  Maintenance Engineer Key Responsibilities Salary starts from 20, 000 till 30, 000 Rs in Hand + Free Home pick up & Drop cabs, Job  Location  :  Nagpur / Gwalior Refer or Bring your friends along for the Interviews. . . More Info. . . . . Hr.  Manish Singh Contact no.   -  8447458708
New Vacuncy For Design Engineers;Jailaxmi Enterprises;Pune;1 - 2 Years;110000 - 220000;"Job summary; - Job Type:   -  on roll / full time Required We have urgent requirement for Design Engineers. Required Experience :   -  1 to 2 years About company :  -  core automobile sector If any other information contact us to 8956665447  (HR)"
Project Manager  -  Cards System for Qatar;Vinirma Consulting Private Limited;Qatar;7 - 12 Years;Not Specified;VINIRMA Consulting Pvt.  Ltd.  is a 360° Human Resource Management Consulting and Staffing Services Organization. VINIRMA Consulting is currently looking for Project Manager  -  Cards System for one of its clients which is a Business Consulting,  IT Solutions and Services company in Qatar with the following terms and conditions. JOB DESCRIPTION 1.  Role Objective The Project Manager represents the Bank’s IT department and is responsible for understanding and agreeing project objectives and organization interests.  The PM provides advice on the management of projects and organizing the various professional people working on a project by carrying out risk assessment and making sure that all the aims of the project are met.  Project Manager ensures to meet quality standards set by the PMO and the organization.  Liaise with project specialists and sub - contractors and monitoring sub - contractors to ensure guidelines are maintained.  PM is also responsible for overseeing the accounting,  costing and billing of the project assigned to him by using IT systems to keep track of project team and project progress COMPETENCIES,  KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE 1.  Educational Qualifications: • Degree in business management,  computer science,  computer engineering,  electrical engineering,  system analysis or a related field of study • PMP Certified preferred 2.  Experience: • 10+ years of experience – profiles with extensive experience handling Cards system  (credit and debit payments) ,  Switch,  implementation of Digital wallets. • Project delivery experience,  knowledge and problem solving skills in complex projects like – Core Banking Replacement,  Digital Transformation,  Infrastructure Transformation,  Business Process Reengineering,  Contact Centre upgrade,  CRM,  Enterprise Data Warehousing,  etc. to anticipate,  identify and manage risks in project delivery. • Proven track record of pragmatic and robust delivery of complex and detail - oriented initiatives. • Evidence of taking a personal level of ownership that has seen you overstepping the mark in resolving issues and supporting clients others in solving their issues. • Evidence of a well - developed ability to communicate effectively in both verbal and written formats at all levels within client organizations. • Evidence of comfort with technology concepts and solutions across the spectrum of delivery. • Demonstrable experience delivering projects end to end,  e. g.  from Inception to BAU handover. • Demonstrated track record of leading high - performance teams toward the successful attainment of challenging goals 3.  Technical Competencies: • PMP or PRINCE2 certified • Agile Scrum  /  Agile Certified Practitioner • Working knowledge of popular EPM tool,  with extensive knowledge in MPP • Knowledge of ISO Standards and Best practice frameworks ITIL,  etc. • Banking and Finance applications • Retail and Wholesale banking operations • FX Products & Operations • Money Markets Operations • Treasury & Investment Products Operations • Excellent oral and written communication skills in English and Arabic  (preferred) 4.  Behavioral Competencies: • Adherence to process,  system and schedule • Adaptability • Feedback,  motivating,  mentoring and coaching • Communication skills • Fostering Team work • Managing Change • Analytical thinking • Fostering Innovation • Strategic Thinking • Customer Orientation • Motivation Detailed Roles and Responsibilities: STRATEGIC • Accelerate the delivery and time to market of new products / projects for the Bank through rigorous project management skills. • Ensure any introduced change  (through a project)  is future - proofed to meet the vision of the organization,  is prioritized and guide the business users through the Change process. • To have a good understanding of banking organization and be able to suggest long term and short term solutions. • To be responsible for defining / adhering to project budgets and ensuring that they are well managed for the accountable budget holder. • To ensure project are managed in accordance with the project management methodology including document templates,  identifying project phases,  reporting and planning information for successful project delivery. OPERATIONAL • Primary responsibilities involves understanding what needs to be achieved in the project.  To assist business analysts in business analysis  /  reviews for departments as requested. • Project manager will meet with various stakeholders in order to ascertain the overall objectives of the project.  Furthermore,  they will employ the services of expert business analysts,  who will get to the real crux of the problem and identify the nitty - gritty aspects of what the project should achieve. • Once they’ve established the detailed project goals,  the project manager will draw up extensive project plans,  schedules and deadlines for each individual stage of the project. • Project managers are the driving force behind business operations,  and get involved in all aspects of the project they are managing:  hiring and managing project team members of their project team,  liaising with potential suppliers and getting involved with the direct man - management side of things,  too. • Monitor the costs and progress of the project,  ultimate aim is to complete the project on time and within budget. • To ensure that there is a good sign off for implemented projects and that they are handed over to the business owner on completion. • To take a leading role in business planning process,  managing dependencies across the work streams and the consolidation of activity  (as appropriate) . • To be responsible for maintaining an oversight of all projects being managed across the organization providing reports to IT Management and other Department Heads,  as appropriate. • To be responsible for the delivery of projects aims and objectives as outlined in the relevant specifications for assigned projects. • To produce regular reports for IT Management and other Department Heads giving updates on current projects and for future projects that have been submitted for evaluation,  as appropriate. PEOPLE MANAGEMENT • Managing People in Projects by providing a focused,  rational method for improving the performance of project members • Getting people to perform on projects,  even if they dont report to project manager • Analyzing project team performance in projects and revisiting the engagement approach • Identifying factors that block the success of projects • Provide guidance and coaching to the project team and motivate them to achieve project objectives. Terms and conditions: Joining time frame:  Immediate  (Maximum 1 month) Should you be interested in this opportunity,  please send your latest resume in MS Word format at the earliest at want2be (at) vinirma. com or call us +91  (0) 471 4012246 or +91  (0) 476 2684924.
Project Manager -  Oracle ERP Fusion for Qatar;Vinirma Consulting Private Limited;Qatar;7 - 12 Years;Not Specified;VINIRMA Consulting Pvt.  Ltd.  is a 360° Human Resource Management Consulting and Staffing Services Organization. VINIRMA Consulting is currently looking for Project Manager -  Oracle ERP Fusion for one of its clients which is a Business Consulting,  IT Solutions and Services company in Qatar with the following terms and conditions. JOB DESCRIPTION 1.  Role Objective The Project Manager represents the Bank’s IT department and is responsible for understanding and agreeing project objectives and organization interests.  The PM provides advice on the management of projects and organizing the various professional people working on a project by carrying out risk assessment and making sure that all the aims of the project are met.  Project Manager ensures to meet quality standards set by the PMO and the organization.  Liaise with project specialists and sub - contractors and monitoring sub - contractors to ensure guidelines are maintained.  PM is also responsible for overseeing the accounting,  costing and billing of the project assigned to him by using IT systems to keep track of project team and project progress COMPETENCIES,  KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE 1.  Educational Qualifications: • Degree in business management,  computer science,  computer engineering,  electrical engineering,  system analysis or a related field of study • PMP Certified preferred 2.  Experience: • 7+ years of experience – profiles with extensive experience handling Oracle ERP Fusion implementation,  internal MIS systems – BO,  Swift  /  QATCH systems. • Project delivery experience,  knowledge and problem solving skills in complex projects like – Core Banking Replacement,  Digital Transformation,  Infrastructure Transformation,  Business Process Reengineering,  Contact Centre upgrade,  CRM,  Enterprise Data Warehousing,  etc. to anticipate,  identify and manage risks in project delivery. • Proven track record of pragmatic and robust delivery of complex and detail - oriented initiatives. • Evidence of taking a personal level of ownership that has seen you overstepping the mark in resolving issues and supporting clients others in solving their issues. • Evidence of a well - developed ability to communicate effectively in both verbal and written formats at all levels within client organizations. • Evidence of comfort with technology concepts and solutions across the spectrum of delivery. • Demonstrable experience delivering projects end to end,  e. g.  from Inception to BAU handover. • Demonstrated track record of leading high - performance teams toward the successful attainment of challenging goals 3.  Technical Competencies: • PMP or PRINCE2 certified • Agile Scrum  /  Agile Certified Practitioner • Working knowledge of popular EPM tool,  with extensive knowledge in MPP • Knowledge of ISO Standards and Best practice frameworks ITIL,  etc. • Banking and Finance applications • Retail and Wholesale banking operations • FX Products & Operations • Money Markets Operations • Treasury & Investment Products Operations • Excellent oral and written communication skills in English and Arabic  (preferred) 4.  Behavioral Competencies: • Adherence to process,  system and schedule • Adaptability • Feedback,  motivating,  mentoring and coaching • Communication skills • Fostering Team work • Managing Change • Analytical thinking • Fostering Innovation • Strategic Thinking • Customer Orientation • Motivation Detailed Roles and Responsibilities: STRATEGIC • Accelerate the delivery and time to market of new products / projects for the Bank through rigorous project management skills. • Ensure any introduced change  (through a project)  is future - proofed to meet the vision of the organization,  is prioritized and guide the business users through the Change process. • To have a good understanding of banking organization and be able to suggest long term and short term solutions. • To be responsible for defining / adhering to project budgets and ensuring that they are well managed for the accountable budget holder. • To ensure project are managed in accordance with the project management methodology including document templates,  identifying project phases,  reporting and planning information for successful project delivery. OPERATIONAL • Primary responsibilities involves understanding what needs to be achieved in the project.  To assist business analysts in business analysis  /  reviews for departments as requested. • Project manager will meet with various stakeholders in order to ascertain the overall objectives of the project.  Furthermore,  they will employ the services of expert business analysts,  who will get to the real crux of the problem and identify the nitty - gritty aspects of what the project should achieve. • Once they’ve established the detailed project goals,  the project manager will draw up extensive project plans,  schedules and deadlines for each individual stage of the project. • Project managers are the driving force behind business operations,  and get involved in all aspects of the project they are managing:  hiring and managing project team members of their project team,  liaising with potential suppliers and getting involved with the direct man - management side of things,  too. • Monitor the costs and progress of the project,  ultimate aim is to complete the project on time and within budget. • To ensure that there is a good sign off for implemented projects and that they are handed over to the business owner on completion. • To take a leading role in business planning process,  managing dependencies across the work streams and the consolidation of activity  (as appropriate) . • To be responsible for maintaining an oversight of all projects being managed across the organization providing reports to IT Management and other Department Heads,  as appropriate. • To be responsible for the delivery of projects aims and objectives as outlined in the relevant specifications for assigned projects. • To produce regular reports for IT Management and other Department Heads giving updates on current projects and for future projects that have been submitted for evaluation,  as appropriate. PEOPLE MANAGEMENT • Managing People in Projects by providing a focused,  rational method for improving the performance of project members • Getting people to perform on projects,  even if they dont report to project manager • Analyzing project team performance in projects and revisiting the engagement approach • Identifying factors that block the success of projects • Provide guidance and coaching to the project team and motivate them to achieve project objectives. Terms and conditions: Joining time frame:  Immediate  (Maximum 1 month) Should you be interested in this opportunity,  please send your latest resume in MS Word format at the earliest at want2be (at) vinirma. com or call us +91  (0) 471 4012246 or +91  (0) 476 2684924.
Cost Engineering;Asmacs;Oman;5 - 10 Years;Not Specified;Cost Engineering Qualification:  Bachelor Degree in Civil Engineering Experience:  Should have minimum 5 years experience in similar. preparing the costing of tenders for bidding in Oman as per given tender specifications and drawings from Construction Clients. Ensuring the costing and submit all the bids in time as per tender closing date. familiar with Muscat  /  Oman Market for material and service cost to calculate for the purchase tender by the companies Most the tenders to prepare the cost are related to Construction,  infrastructure,  Oil & Gas,  Residential & non - Residential Nationality:  Indian Email Id:  [HIDDEN TEXT]
Mechanical Design Engineer;Free Lancer S Divya;Kuwait;6 - 10 Years;Not Specified;URGENTLY required One Senior Design Engineer with 6 to 8 years of experience in vehicle mounted products  (Tipper,  Trailer,  Low Bed Trailer,  Flat Fed Trailer,  Fuel Tankers,  etc. )  manufacturing Companies.   Senior Design Engineer  (6 - 8 years’ experience) Job Description: 1.  Thorough knowledge on designing Tipper trailer,  Low bed,  Flat bed,  fuel tankers,  Garbage compactors etc.  etc. 2.  Knowledge on design Steel structural,  frames. 3.  Able to select Wheel Axles for different loads. 4.  Must have knowledge on Solid Works Modeling,  Simulation etc. 5.  Must be able to minimize the material and other overhead costs. 6.  Must be able to handle the customer complaints. 7.  Must lead a team of Drafting. 8.  Strong communication skills. 9.  Must be conversant to UL,  APL code. 10.  Knowledge of ASME Codes and working experience on ASME Coded vessels will be added advantage. 11.  Added advantage for GCC experience  (from Companies like Shirawi,  Mammut,  Gorica,  Al Shiraa,  etc. ) 12.  Having Min 6 Years’ experience on Wheel mounted product. Educational Qualifications B. E / B. Tech in Mechanical Engineering
Datastage Deveoper  -  Thirdware  -  Chennai;Thirdware Solutions Limited;Chennai;7 - 12 Years;Not Specified;JD: Skills Required: Must Have experience in Design and Implementation of Data warehouse Projects. Must hsave experience in Datastage using 7. 5 / 8. 5 / 11. 5,  Data stage Designer,  Director,  and Manager Strong experience in designing and developing jobs to extract data from various sources including flat files,  RDBMS tables Strong data processing experience in Development,  Implementing and Testing Data Marts and Data Warehousing applications used ETL tool Data stage  (Designer,  Manager,  and Director) Experience in Designing,  Compiling,  and Testing,  scheduling and running Data Stage jobs Familiar with data warehouse Development lifecycle,  data warehouse development methodology and software process engineering standards Databases:  Have experience in Teradata. ETL Tools:  DataStage7. 5 / 8. 5 / 11. 5 Operating System:  Windows,  Unix Database:  Oracle,  PL / SQL,  Teradata,  Sql server Scheduling Tool:  Autosys Please send us your RESUME along w with the following details 1)  Current CTC  - 2)  Expected CTC  (Exact)   - 3)  Notice Period  (How soon you can join us,  Specify if you are already serving notice period)   - 4)  Specify relevant years of experience in Datastage Development  - 5)  Specify relevant years of experience in Teradata Development  - 6)  Current  Location   /  Address  - 7)  Willingness to work in Chennai  (Yes  /  No)   - 8)  Please specify your availability for face to face interview  (in weekdays)   - 9)  Please specify your PAN  /  Passport number  - 10)  Please specify your Date of Birth  - 11)  Please specify,  if you hold certification  - 12)  Please specify,  if you have onsite experience  (country,  how long,  project)   - 13)  Please specify details,  if you hold any offer  - 14)  Willingness to work in shifts  (12 Noon  -  8 PM  /  2 PM  -  10 PM)   -
CNC Engineer;Learning Candid India Private Limited;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;5 - 7 Years;Not Specified;a.  Hands on expérience of CATIA Manufacturing & Vericut would be preferable b.  Expertise in Machining Tool Path Generation for Various type of Components Including 3, 4, 5 axis c.  Knowledge in Cutting tool selection & Holding Methods d.  Knowledge in Machine controllers  (FANUC,  SIEMENS,  HEIDENHAIN)  & Post processor e.  Expertise in machining parameter for various materials used in Aerospace industry f.  Proficiency in drafting standards  (ANSI Y14. 5M - 2009) ,  GD&T,  design for manufacturability g.  Knowledge in AS9100 standards
Manual Tester  -  Pollachi,  Coimbatore;null;Pollachi;2 - 4 Years;Not Specified;ob description We are looking for an experienced and passionate Software Tester to join our team!.  As a Software Tester at our company,  you will have the opportunity to work on new and exciting projects and develop your career. JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: • analyzing users stories and / use cases / requirements for validity and feasibility • collaborate closely with other team members and departments • execute all levels of testing  (System,  Integration,  and Regression) • Detect and track software defects and inconsistencies • Provide timely solutions • Apply quality engineering principals throughout the Agile product lifecycle • Provide support and documentation • Ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously • Ability to work in a fast - paced environment with minimal supervision • Critical thinker and problem - solving skills • Good time - management skills • Great interpersonal and communication skills
Interviews for Sales Executive;Taggd;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;0 - 5 Years;Not Specified;1.  Designation: Sales Executive 2.   Location s:  Based on Region 3.  Experience:  Recruitment,  Sales / Service on field,  Human resource 4.  Bike &  DL mandatory 5.  Working days  -  6 days a week 6.  Language proficiency in Regional language& English 7.  Age:  Below 30 8.  Salary:  AS PER RATE CARD 9.  Education:  Graduates preferred.  Experienced under graduates are eligible.
Advisor Business Analyst;IDC Technologies Solutions India Private Limited;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;9 - 12 Years;Not Specified;"Summary  Performs complex analyses of business goals,  objectives and needs of the general business environment to align information technology solutions with business initiatives for multiple,  complex accounts.  Serves as a subject matter expert and the liaison between technical personnel and non - technical personnel.  Essential Job Functions  Plans and designs complex business processes and system modifications.  Makes recommendations to improve and support business activities.   Gathers business requirements through a variety of techniques such as work sessions and interviews.  Analyzes and documents client complex business requirements and processes; communicates these requirements to appropriate parties.   Creates complex test case scenarios to be used in testing; monitors / oversees the testing of business applications to verify that all client requirements are incorporated into the system design.   Provides input into developing and modifying systems to meet client needs.  Develops business specifications to support these modifications.   Coordinates and facilitates meetings with clients to gather and document requirements and explore potential solutions.   Coordinates business analyst tasks on information technology projects and provides project team member guidance and support.  May plan,  allocate and monitor work of other business analysts.   Participates in technical reviews and inspections to verify intent of change is carried through the entire project.   Provides time estimates for project related tasks.   Provides leadership and work guidance to less experienced personnel.    Basic Qualifications  Bachelors degree or equivalent combination of education and experience  Bachelors degree in business administration,  information systems,  or related field preferred  Nine or more years of business analysis experience  Experience working with the interface of information technology with functional groups within an organization  Experience working with business processes and re - engineering  Experience working with computer programming concepts and basic language  Other Qualifications  Strong interpersonal skills to interact with customers and team members  Strong communication skills  Strong analytical and problem solving skills  Good presentation skills to present to management and customers  Good leadership skills to coordinate,  oversee and lead team / project members  Good personal computer and business solutions software skills  Ability to work in a team environment  Willingness to travel  Work Environment  Office environment"
Business Analyst for Qatar;Vinirma Consulting Private Limited;Qatar;5 - 10 Years;Not Specified;"VINIRMA Consulting Pvt.  Ltd.  is a 360° Human Resource Management Consulting and Staffing Services Organization. VINIRMA Consulting is currently looking for Business Analyst for one of its clients which is a Business Consulting,  IT Solutions and Services company in Qatar with the following terms and conditions. JOB DESCRIPTION Role Objective The business analyst’s primary objective is helping businesses implement technology solutions in a cost - effective way by determining the requirements of a project or program,  and communicating them clearly to stakeholders,  facilitators and partners. The Business Analyst will act as the vital link between the Banks information technology capabilities and our business objectives,  contributing to the successful completion of strategic initiatives and thereby profitability of the Bank.  We achieve goals through projects that translate customer needs into new products,  services,  and profits and a business analyst should be able to make it happen more efficiently and effectively. Competencies,  Knowledge and Experience Educational qualifications: • University graduate with a degree preferably in Computer Science,  Engineering or similar.  A good working knowledge about banking regulations,  financial statements,  taxes,  and financial planning is an added advantage 1.  Experience: • 5 - 7 years of experience – specialized working knowledge of the Retail,  wholesale and international banking units. • Seven to 10 years of experience in the BFS domain predominately supporting IT projects,  business analysis or business strategic planning. • Sound knowledge of the Banking domain including Retail,  International,  Wholesale & Treasury products • Written and verbal communication,  including technical writing skills who can apply best practices for effective communication and problem - solving 2.  Technical Competencies: • CBAP™ certification • Best practice frameworks ITIL,  TOGAF,  PRINCE2 etc. • Understanding of systems engineering concepts • The ability to conduct cost / benefit analysis • Business case development • Modeling techniques and methods • Implement advanced strategies for gathering,  reviewing and analyzing data requirements • Prioritize requirements and create conceptual prototypes and mock - ups • Banking applications • Excellent oral and written communication skills in English and Arabic  (preferred) • Familiar with specific accounting and other financial software as well as Microsoft Office applications,  such as PowerPoint to make necessary presentations 3.  Behavioral Competencies: • Motivation • Talent Focus • Adherence to process,  system and schedule • Feedback,  motivating,  mentoring and coaching • Adaptability • Communication skills • Fostering Team work • Managing Change • Influencing others • Customer Orientation • Building collaborative relationship • Analytical thinking • Fostering Innovation • Strategic Thinking • Customer Orientation Detailed Roles and Responsibilities: Strategic • Support the Head of PMO and contribute towards the implementation of strategy,  annual business plans,  policies and procedures of the department,  to support divisional and organizational business strategy. • Take decisions with the full knowledge of all the relevant business,  economic,  political,  and competitive environment. • Ensure that the Bank is moving forward with stretched objectives in regards to project activities. • Align functional activities and initiatives with the objectives and mission of the Bank. • Understanding,  advocating and supporting the enterprises business and IT strategies. • Setting the performance metrics of the Enterprise Architecture function. Operational • Consulting with business unit management,  from an IT perspective,  to help identify and improve business system needs • Define business needs and translate them into business analysis and requirements specifications.  • Develop good relationships with vendor to support business. • Act as a liaison between technical IT staff and business users • Provide daily support of existing systems,  and provide troubleshooting as requested. • Collaborate with other internal IT groups,  both local and international,  to deliver technical solutions to the clients,  and to resolve their business challenges using IT systems and functions.  Develop a partnership with local and international business users and create a positive relationship to clearly understand business processes,  short and long - term business objectives,  and functional goals. • Define and document business,  functional and technical specifications for software based solutions. • Verify that requirements are testable and generate testing objectives. • Prepare business proposals for software development projects for eventual presentation to senior management. • Evaluate alternative solutions via RFP and vendor documents. • Interpret end user requirements; design,  develop and implement applications to meet business needs while adhering to development standards. • Provide technical assistance in identifying,  evaluating and developing systems and procedures across the group various business and support functions. People Management • As a team member of the PMO Team work co - operatively with others on a team. • Provide recommendations for the Section Head of Enterprise Architecture and PMO. • Nominate for training as per Doha Banks’s guidelines,  conduct performance reviews and manage leave and overtime to ensure efficiency. Terms and conditions: Joining time frame:  Immediate  (Maximum 1 month) Should you be interested in this opportunity,  please send your latest resume in MS Word format at the earliest at want2be (at) vinirma. com or call us +91  (0) 471 4012246 or +91  (0) 476 2684924."
Java Architect;Vinazin Solutions;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;10 - 11 Years;Not Specified;We have urgent position for Java Architect at Hyderabad and it €™s a full time position. Kindly forward me word resume to below mention email id or call me.  Position:  Java Architect  Location : Hyderabad Full Time position. Experience:  10+ yrs of experience Primary skillset  (Mandatory Skills)  Java Architect 1 Enterprise Java,  J2EE,  WebServices  (SOAP & RESTful) ,  JMS 2 Application Server Architecture,  Service Oriented Architectture 3 Database Concepts  €“ Oracle experience preferred 4 Angular or any JavaScript Framework Secondary skillset (Optional)   1 Agile Experience 2 Spring Boot 3     Recommended Key Words  1 Java / J2EE / WebServices / Angular 2  3  Experience range 10+ yrs of experience Job Deliverables  /  Responsibilities  (Description of Job)  Primary responsibility of guiding technical and architectural direction of some of our key development projects.     Thanks,  RAJ KUMAR 9963899846 [HIDDEN TEXT]
ASM  (Area Sales Manager)   -  Security Solutions;Radial HR Solutions;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;1 - 4 Years;240000 - 300000;ASM  (Area Sales Manager)   -  Security Solutions About Company:  Company is into Security,  Electro - mechanical,  Telecommunication & Networking Solutions like CCTV,  Access Control etc to clients.  sector.  Job Description:   No.  of Requirements: 2  Required:  1)  Male candidate required  2)  1 - 3 yrs of exp required  3)  Monthly in hand salary will be up to 25K -  30K depend on profile & exp  4)  Must be from project sales back ground  (LED light,  turnkey fit outs,  security system -  candidates are more preferable)  5)  Qualification -  Graduate /  Master degree  (Under graduates with proven skill can be consider)  6)  Must be having own 2 wheeler with valid driving licenses  7)  90% time he should spend time on filed only  8)  Joining:  ASAP is preferred  9)  Proven Sales Experience  10)  Strong communication,  negotiation and interpersonal skills  11)  Energetic,  self motivated and driven  12)  Be a good team player  13)  Excellent with verbal communication   Responsibilities:  1)  Maintaining and increasing sales of our companys products  2)  Reaching the targets and goals set for our area  3)  Establishing,  maintaining and expanding your customer base  4)  Servicing the needs of your existing customers  5)  Increasing business opportunities through various routes to market  6)  Travel to find new clients or customers or to maintain relationships with whom you are already working with.  7)  Recruiting and training sales staff  8)  Collect payments in a timely manner  9)  Carry out price negotiations with the customers on behalf of the organization to reach a favorable agreement for both.  10)  Evaluate customers needs and build productive long lasting relationships.  11)  Allocating areas to sales representatives  12)  Reporting to senior managers  13)  Keeping up to date with products and competitors    Location : Marathahalli,  Bangalore ASM  (Area Sales Manager)   -  Security Solutions,  ASM  (Area Sales Manager)   -  Security Solutions, Electronic Security systems sales,  sales,  marketing,  business development,  security systems,  IT Sales,  cctv,  biometric,  access control,  project sales,  architects,  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  - Please share the below details and send your resume to radialhr{at}gmail[dot]com for us to expedite the process: Email Subject:   #992372 -  ASM  (Area Sales Manager)   -  Security Solutions Position applied for: ASM  (Area Sales Manager)   -  Security Solutions Total Exp: Relavant experience?: Current CTC: Current  Location : Willing to work at Bangalore?: Qualification: Expected CTC: Notice Period:     Job Posted by: Radial HR Solutions www. radialhr. com
Check Eligibility In 30 Seconds for CANADIAN PR  -  Hurry UP!;VJC Immigration & VISA Consultants Private Limited;Canada;3 - 12 Years;Not Specified;Limited PNP Seats for only Managers Closing PNP Submissions Limited files are only Accepted CANADA is calling you for New Entry 2020 Get your Canadian PR in 6 Months with Less IELTS Score.  Hurry UP
Pega Developers _ 8th of Feb 2020 Walk in Drive In Hyderabad with Ness Digital Engineering;Ness Technologies India Private Limited;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;4 - 12 Years;Not Specified;Pega Developers _ 8th of Feb 2020  Walk in Drive In Hyderabad with Ness Digital Engineering Walk in Date:  8th of Feb 2020 Walk in Time:  10 AM to 3 PM  Walk in Venue:    Venue  Ness Digital EngineeringI & II Floor,  Maximus 2A,  Raheja MindSpace,  Hitech City,  Madhapur,  Hyderabad Pega  • 4 to 12 years of experience • Experience on 7. x version • Rule Resolution • Case Management • UI • Data Pages • Decision Rule Types • Reports • Agents • Integrations • Pega Unit Test Cases
job opening for the post of purchase engineer -  sonipat;BP Services;Sonipat  /  Sonepat;2 - 5 Years;200000 - 400000;post:  -  purchase engineer Location  -  sonipatexperience -  3+knowledge  -  excellent knowledge of import & purchaseexcellent communication skillcompany  -  manufaturingif interested pls mail your cv -  [HIDDEN TEXT]contact detail -  Balaji placement servicegita  bhawan chowk,  Sachdeva button wali galisonepat
Maintenance – Fitter;Vinazin Solutions;Rudrapur;2 - 4 Years;Not Specified;Maintenance Fitter,  Whose education diploma or ITI,  those who worked in FMCG,  like food and confectionary,  Biscuits and chocolates. Maintenance Fitter,  Whose education diploma or ITI,  those who worked in FMCG,  like food and confectionary,  Biscuits and chocolates.
General Manager  -  Projects;Radial HR Solutions;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;7 - 12 Years;1200000 - 1500000;General Manager  -  Projects About Company:  Company is into one of the leading import agency for Railway track maintenance machines in India sector.  Job Description:  General Manager,  Projects   Must know local language – Kannada and English   Job description¬  1.  Candidate will be responsible for directing company operations toward increasing growth and profitability.  2.  Develop,  plan,  organize and implement strategies to accomplish local objectives as per the directives of the company and keeping in mind the overall project.    3.  Formulate policies that are consistent with Companys policies for development of the project in railway track maintenance machines.    4.  Develop short and long range objectives and appropriate operating plans for operations and administration with driven strategies for execution of these plans.  5.  Evaluate,  develop and apply systems for measuring performance of individual contracts as well as the overall operation of the Project.    6.  Ensure that all appropriate personnel are familiar with and comprehend critical contractual obligations.  7.  Administer and control financial and legal matters within India,  with appropriate approvals and directives from the Company.    8.  Supervise the development,  implementation and ongoing maintenance of a Quality Assurance System that is suitable for the organization at our different co - manufacturing  Location s.  9.  Travel to different co - production manufacturers would be part of requirement.  10.  Within the authorities delegated,  initiate capital projects / expenditures and set pricing strategies.  11.  Maintain profitable and supportive relations with existing clients.  12.  Continually observe and analyze the industry for prospective clients and new requirements for existing and new products and services.  13.  Maintain a high profile on matters of environmental protection and community and employee welfare related to the industry.  14.  Maintain a direct involvement in current and future project developments that are related to the industry,  aimed at improving methods,  equipment performance and quality of product.   Work Ex¬ 7years  -  12 years  Job  Location –Bangalore  Educational Qualifications  -    • Btech /  BE  -  Mechanical,  Any other Specialization  AND  • MBA /  PGDM  -  International Business,  Finance,  Marketing,  Systems,  Other Management  OR  • Mtech  -  Mechanical,  Production / Industrial,  Other Engineering  Candidate Profile  -    • Candidate should be a highly motivated individual to work in the fast paced railway environment.    • Candidate must have extensive experience in senior line and staff positions with a broad range of business experience.    • Candidate must be able to demonstrate a thorough knowledge of the railway industry worldwide and pertaining to India specifically.  Candidate must possess strong managerial capabilities and sound leadership skills.    • Candidate must possess excellent organizational and planning skills.  • Candidate must be fluent in English,  Hindi and Kannada.    • Candidates should  have excellent communication skills both verbal and written in all three languages mentioned above.  • Computer proficiency in MS Office,  Excel,  is essential.    • Knowledge of AUTOCAD,  Other Design Software,  ERP Systems etc would be good to have .  • Candidate must have a vehicle of their own to travel from place to place within Bangalore  • Candidates with a background of the armed forces or railways in the engineering sphere would be ideal.  • Age Criterion  -  35 -  40years   Salary Offered:  13 - 15Lp. a General Manager  -  Projects,  Production Head,  plant manager,  plant head,  plant operations,  operations,  gm projects,  operations manager,  projects,  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  - Please share the below details and send your resume to radialhr{at}gmail[dot]com for us to expedite the process: Email Subject:   #992383 -  General Manager  -  Projects Position applied for: General Manager  -  Projects Total Exp: Relavant experience?: Current CTC: Current  Location : Willing to work at Bangalore?: Qualification: Expected CTC: Notice Period:     Job Posted by: Radial HR Solutions www. radialhr. com
Get Free Counseling for Australia PR Visa with New Rules.  Hurry UP!;VJC Immigration & VISA Consultants Private Limited;Australia;5 - 12 Years;Not Specified;Java / J2EE,  DOTNET,  Oracle,  Oracle Fusion / Cloud ,  Hadoop,  SQL Developer,  Big Data,  Salesforce,  Tableau,  Networking,  ETL,  Informatica,  Devops Android,  IOS,  Business Analyst,  Quality Analyst,  Project Manager,  UI Developer,  DBAs,  Embedded Systems,  Python,  Storage Admin,  PEGA ,  SALES FORCE,  WORK DAY,  AWS  /  Cloud,  Web UI  /  AngularJS  /  Meanstack developers,  MOBILE TESTING,  ETL  -  INFORMATICA  /  TERADATA,  QA  ( MANUAL AND AUTOMATION TESTERS) ,  Windows ADMINISTRATORS,  WEBLOGIC,  SAP ( ALL MODULES)  ,  SHAREPOINT,  DATA SCIENTIST,  People soft ,  oracle apps
Urgent Hiring For Airlines Ground Staff;null;Agartala,  Guwahati;0 - 2 Years;250000 - 450000;Dear Candidate, Greeting for the day! We are hiring for the jobs for the position of Air Ticketing  /  Ground Staff  /  Cabin Crew  /  Maintenance Engineer Key Responsibilities Salary starts from 20, 000 till 30, 000 Rs in Hand + Free Home pick up & Drop cabs, Job  Location  :  Guwahati / Agartala Refer or Bring your friends along for the Interviews. . . More Info. . . . . Hr.  Manish Singh Contact no.   -  8447458708
JOB OPENING FOR THE POST OF FASHION DESIGNER -  BAG INDUSTRY;BP Services;Sonipat  /  Sonepat;2 - 5 Years;120000 - 240000;POST - JOB OPENING FOR THE POST OF FASHION DESIGNER -  BAG INDUSTRY Location  -  SONIPATEXP - 2+KNOWLEDGE OF  CAD 3D  &  ILLUSTRATOR. CORAL DRAW, PAGEMAKERCOMPANY TYPE -  MANUFATURING BAGSIF INTERESTED PLS MAIL YOUR CV -  [HIDDEN TEXT] BALAJI PLACEMENT SERVICEGITA BHAWAN CHOWK, SACHDEVA BUTTON WALI GALISONIPAT9729188166
Hiring for Sales Executive;Taggd;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore,  Chennai;0 - 5 Years;Not Specified;"Job Description; 1.  Designation:  Sales Executive 3.   Location s:  Nagavara,  Bangalore 4.  Experience:  Freshers and Exp both are welcome. 5.  Bike & DL mandatory  6.  Working days  -  6 days a week 7.  Language proficiency in Regional language& English 8.  Age:  Below 30 9.  Salary:  AS PER RATE CARD 10.  Education:  Graduates preferred.  Experienced under graduates are eligible.  12th Freshers can also apply.  If interested,  kindly call at 8800877025 or send your updated CV on [HIDDEN TEXT] Thanks and Regards: Pooja"
Airlines Ground Staff;null;Bhopal,  Indore;0 - 1 Years;250000 - 450000;Dear Candidate, Greeting for the day! We are hiring for the jobs for the position of Air Ticketing  /  Ground Staff  /  Cabin Crew  /  Maintenance Engineer Key Responsibilities Salary starts from 20, 000 till 30, 000 Rs in Hand + Free Home pick up & Drop cabs,   Job  Location  :  Bhopal /  Indore  Refer or Bring your friends along for the Interviews. . .   More Info. . . . .   Hr.  Manish Singh  Contact no.   -  8447458708
Support Engineer  /  Operation Engineer;null;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore,  Noida;2 - 5 Years;Not Specified;We have opening in SDWAN Support Engineer  /  Operation Engineer Experience :  2+ Years  Location  :  Bangalore  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _  _
Associate Vice President of Product Management;Highradius Technologies Private Limited;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;15 - 20 Years;Not Specified;"• Should have at least 15 years of relevant experience of working in Product development organizations • Should be currently Heading the product development function or at one level below the head of the function • Proven track record of ideation to delivery of large complex Enterprise products; with global customer implementation base • Excellent critical thinking and Analytical skills. • Significant and demonstrable industry experience in managing product management teams,  especially delivering SaaS products • Experience managing a portfolio of products and driving successful products from inception through delivery. • Demonstrated ability to understand and discuss technical concepts,  manage trade - offs and evaluate opportunistic new ideas with internal and external partners. • Strong written and verbal communication skills. • Demonstrable project management and organizational skills.  Proven ability to lead in a matrix environment. • Strong interpersonal and talent management skills,  including the ability to identify and develop product management talent. • Experience in building cloud - based products in the Fintech space preferably."
Urgent Requirement Mechanical Engineering Jobs For Freshers Vacancy;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Urgent Requirement Mechanical Engineering Jobs For Freshers Vacancy 8422051372 Walk In Interview In MULUND HEAD OFFICE IN MULUND  Call Now:  - Soniya Mam 8422051372  [HIDDEN TEXT] INTERVIEW IN MULUND Mechanical Engineering,  Mechanical Design Engineering,  Automobile Engineer,  Oil  / Gas job Salary Offered:  - 12000 to 25000 Per month Education:  - Diploma in Mechanical preferred Bachelor of Technology (B. Tech) / Bachelor of Engineering (B. E. ) in Mechanical preferred Experience :  - 0 to 6 month Experience Mechanical Engineer in Manufacturing  /  Engineering or Automobile preferred  Location :  - thane  /  sion  /  bhandup  /  andheri  /  mira rd  /  kandiwali  /  vashi  /  panvel  /  navi mumbai Gender:  -  Male  &  Female preferred Age :  - Above 18 yrs Shift Time :  - 9:  30 am  -  6: 30 pm (day shift) ` Weekly  Working  Days :  - 6 Days Weekly off :  - sunday, Interview Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to Friday Call Now:  - Soniya Mam 8422051372 [HIDDEN TEXT] INTERVIEW IN MULUND
Procurement Engineer;Masterkey Management Consultants Private Limited;Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai;1 - 3 Years;Not Specified;we are urgently hiring procurement engineer /  purchase engineer for one of leading oil and Gas company based at navi Mumbai.  we prefer candidates located at Navi Mumbai . Job Description Understand the items technical specs to be procured 2.  Specify the requirements to be procured in line with the project requirements. 3.  Identify the suitable vendors and empanel them. 4.  Draft and float the RFQ and scrutinize the responses from different suppliers. 5.  Selection of most suitable suppliers and issuing the POs to them after generating them in Tally 9 6.  To prepare and monitor budget for POs values issued and their releasing plan for a project 7.  To clarify queries from finance and project teams. 8.  To scrutinize all the tenders received from customer and liase with legal department for their scrutiny and approvals. 9.  To handle all regulatory compliace related matters such as CAR  &  ESIC policies,  Labour license and BOCW license matters with legal and finance department. 10.  To help project team in preparation of techno - commercial offer draft. 11.  All procurement related records keeping,  both in soft and hard copies.
Mechanical Engineer,  Mechanical Design,   Automobile Engineer ,  Oil  &  Gas,   Petroleum job 9152214394;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineer,  Mechanical Design,  Automobile Engineer ,  Oil  &  Gas,  Petroleum job 9152214394 Salary Offered:  - 12000 to 25000 Per month  Education:  - Bachelor of Technology (B. Tech) /  ( Iti ) (Diploma) Bachelor of Engineering (B. E. ) mandatory Experience :  - 0 to 6 month  Experience as as Civil Engineer in Construction  /  Infrastructure preferred   Location :  - thane  /  krula  /  ghatkopar  /  andheri  /  kalyan  /  new Mumbai  /  vashi  /  panvel  /  sion  /  goregaon  Gender:  -  Male  &  Female preferred  Age :  - Above 18 yrs Shift Time :  - 10:  00 am  -  6: 00 pm (day shift) ` Weekly  Working  Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday Interview Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person:  - priyanka Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  - 9152214394
Civil Engineer, Site engineer, Site supervisor, Construction engineer, Draftsman, 9619184652;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Civil Engineer, Site engineer, Site supervisor, Construction engineer, Draftsman, 9619184652 Salary Offered:  - 12000 to 18000 Per month Education :  - diploma  &  degree completed  Experience :  - 0 to 6 month Experience can apply for this job  Location :  - THANE  /  dadar  /  sion  /  vashi  /  koperkhairne  /  panvel  /  andheri  /  mira rd  /  goregaon  /  vasai Gender:  -  Male  candidate both can apply Shift Time :  - 9:  30 am  -  6: 30 pm (day shift) ` Weekly  Working  Days :  - 6 Days Weekly off :  - sunday, Interview Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to Friday Contact Person:  - isha Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  - 9619184652
mechanical Engineer ,  mechanical Maintenance,   Design Engineer,  Automobile Engineer;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;mechanical Engineer ,  mechanical Maintenance,  Design Engineer,  Automobile Engineer job 9152076966 Salary Offered:  - 12000 to 18000 Per month  Qualification :  Bachelor of Technology (B. Tech) /  (Diploma) Bachelor of Engineering (B. E. ) mandatory freshers and experiace candidate both can apply  Location  :  thane,  kalyan,  dadar  /  bhandup  /  sion  / vashi,   / panvel,   / new Mumbai  /  belapur  andheri /  mirard  /  vasai  /  kandiwali Gender :  male  &  female preferred   shift time :  9. 30 am to 6. 30 pm weekly  Working  day :  6 days weekly off :  sunday contact person :  hr anjali contact Details :  9152076966
Civil Engineer  Site Engineer  Site Supervisor  Draftsman  Site Manager;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 3 Years;Not Specified;Civil Engineer Site Engineer Site Supervisor Draftsman Site Manager , 9619184652 Salary Offered:  - 12000 to 18000 Per month Education :  -  diploma   &  degree completed Experience :  - 0 to 6 month Experience can apply for this job  Location :  - THANE  /  dadar  /  sion  /  vashi  /  koperkhairne  /  panvel  /  andheri  /  mira rd  /  goregaon  /  vasai Gender:  -  Male  candidate both can apply Shift Time :  - 9:  30 am  -  6: 30 pm (day shift) Weekly  Working  Days :  - 6 Days Weekly off :  - sunday, Interview Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to Friday Contact Person:  - isha Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  - 9619184652
Computer Engineer;Ganesh System;Pune;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Post :  -  Computer engineer  Education :  -  Any  Gender :  -  Both male  &  female can apply  Experience :  -  0 - 2 yrs  Salary :  -  No bar to right candidate Company type :  -  Electro mechanical   Location  :  -  Dhankawadi   For interview schedule visit our Ganesh Systems placement office or call on 9850380707 Ganesh Systems  -  Placement  Service IT ,  NON IT, Engineering And ALL Address : Shahu Colony Lane No  -  11 , Near Cummins college, Karve Nagar ,  Pune – 411052 Call  &  Come :  9850380707 Monday  -  Saturday 9: 00 Am To 7: 00 pm Sunday Closed
Safety Officer,  Safety Supervisor,  Industrial Safety,  Construction Safety   internship 8425014502;null;Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Safety Officer,  Safety Supervisor,  Industrial Safety,  Construction Safety. . . 8425014502Salary Offered:  - 12000 to 25000 Per month Education:  - Bachelor of Technology (B. E )  /  (Diploma) mandatory Experience:  -  Fresher to 6 month of experience as preferred  Location :  - thane  /  dadar  /  andheri  /  mira rd  /  vasai  /  vashi  /  panvel  /  kandiwali  /  goregaon  /  malad  /  krula  /  ghatkopar Gender:  -  Male  &  Female preferred Shift Time :  - 9:  30 am  -  6: 30 pm (day shift) `Age -  18 - 35 Weekly  Working  Days :  - 6 Days Weekly off :  - sunday, Interview Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to Friday meett hr -  tejal - 8425014502
Mechanical Engineer,  Mechanical Design,  Production Engineer,  8425014502;null;Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 3 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineer,  Mechanical Design,  Production Engineer,  8425014502salary Offered:  - 12000 to 18000 Per month Education:  - Bachelor of Technology (B. Tech) /  (Diploma) Bachelor of Engineering (B. E. ) mandatory skill:  - Production /  Quality Control /  Maintenance  /  Solid Works  /  auto cad Mechanical Designer knowledge  Location :  - thane,  kalyan,  dadar  /  bhandup  /  sion  /  vashi,   /  panvel,   /  new Mumbai  /  belapur  / andheri /  mira rd  /  vasai kandiwali Experience :  - Freshers  &  6 month Experience Mechanical Engineer, Automobile,  Mechanical Design preferred Gender:  -  Male  /  female preferred Shift Time :  - 10: 30 am  -  6: 30 pm (day shift) ` Weekly  Working  Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday Contact Person: tejal Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  - 8425014502
Sales Engineer _ Bangalore,  Pune;Powercam  electrical s Private Limited;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore,  Pune;2 - 7 Years;300000 - 600000;To sale Stand off Insulators and other panel accessories of LOW VOLTAGE  electrical  Panels. Responsible for Bangalore  /  Pune marketCommunication between dealers and end customers. Collecting payment in time. Looking after new market / opportunity. Daily visit to dealers / customers
HUGE OPENING HARDWARE  &  NET Working  FRESHERS;Donavalli Infra;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;0 - 2 Years;150000 - 210000;URGENT REQUIREMENT HARDWARE  &  NET Working  FRESHERS OR EXPERIENCE  ALL GRADUATE SAL :  12 K TO 20 K EXPERIENCE :  0 TO 2 YEARS JOB  Location  :  HYDERABAD CONTACT :  9133500482
Civil Engineer, Site engineer, Construction engineer, Diploma Civil, Site supervisor, Civil engg, jobs.;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Civil Engineer, Site engineer, Construction engineer, Diploma Civil, Site supervisor, Civil engg, jobs. 9619792920 Salary Offered:  - 10000 to 25000 Per month Qualification :  Degree  and Diploma Experience:  -  Fresher to 6 month of experience as preferred  Location :  - thane  /  sion  /  titwala  /  andheri  /  mira rd  /  kandiwali  /  vashi  /  panvel  /  navi mumbai FACILITY  -  PF + MEDICAL FACILITY Gender:  -  Male preferred Age :  - Above 18 yrs Shift Time :  - 10:  00 am  -  6: 00 pm (day shift) ` Weekly  Working  Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday Interview Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person:  - ARTI Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:
Civil Project Engineer,  Site Engineer,  Civil Designer;null;Ahmedabad,  Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;2 - 12 Years;229999 - 4540000;Key tasks of the job include:  managing parts of construction projects overseeing building work undertaking surveys setting out sites and organising facilities supervising contracted staff ensuring projects meet agreed specifications,  budgets or timescales liaising with clients,  subcontractors and other professional staff,  especially quantity surveyors and the overall project manager providing technical advice and solving problems on site preparing site reports and filling in other paperwork liaising with quantity surveyors about the ordering and negotiating the price of materials ensuring that health and safety and sustainability policies and legislation are adhered to
Mechanical Engineer,  Mechanical Design,  Automobile Engineer,  Oil  &  Gas,  hvac engineer job 9152214394;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineer,  Mechanical Design,  Automobile Engineer,  Oil  &  Gas,  hvac engineer job 9152214394 Salary Offered:  - 12000 to 25000 Per month  Education :  - Diploma in Mechanical preferred  Bachelor of Technology (B. Tech)  /  Bachelor of  Engineering (B. E. ) in Mechanical preferred  Skills:  -  CATIA,  Autocad,  Solidworks  Experience :  - 0 to 6 month  Experience  as Mechanical Engineer in Manufacturing  /  Design  Engineering or Automobile preferred   Location :  - thane  /  ghatkopar   /   sion  /  vashi  /  andheri   /   mira rd  /  kandiwali  /  vasai  /   panvel  /  belapur  /  nerul Gender:  -  Male  &  Female preferred   Age :  - Above 18 yrs Shift Time :  - 10:  00 am  -  6: 00 pm (day shift) ` Weekly  Working  Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday Interview Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person:  - priyanka Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  - 9152214394
Mechanical Engineer civil engineer  electrical  engineer Mechanical design engineer Maintenance;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineer civil engineer  electrical  engineer Mechanical design engineer Maintenance 9619184652  Salary Offered:  - 12000 to 18000 Per month Education :  -  diploma  &  degree completed Experience :  - 0 to 6 month Experience can apply for this job  Location :  - THANE  /  dadar  /  sion  /  vashi  /  koperkhairne  /  panvel  /  andheri  /  mira rd  /  goregaon  /  vasa Gender:  -  Male  candidate both can apply Shift Time :  - 9:  30 am  -  6: 30 pm (day shift) Weekly  Working  Days :  - 6 Days Weekly off :  - sunday, Interview Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to Friday Contact Person:  - isha Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  - 9619184652
PCIe Protocols developer;Koral Human Resource Consultants;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;4 - 9 Years;Not Specified;You have a bright career with a leading product based MNC in Hyderabaad. . Send your updated CV asap if interested. . Skills : PCIe protocols experience for minimum 4+ years. . Experience in FPGA or Xilinx tools is  Must .   Vivado / ISE is preferredProduct application Engineer experience is preferred. Experience in Verilog / System Verilog is preferred. . . . . . . . . . . . Directly  on rolls of companyVery good communication skills preferred. Shankar Koral [HIDDEN TEXT] 09845341726
 electrical  Engineer Electronics Engineer Electronic Engineer  electrical  Maintenance Fresher;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified; electrical  Engineer Electronics Engineer Electronic Engineer  electrical  Maintenance Fresher 8657560868 Mumbai / Navi Mumbai / Thane SSC / HSC Fresher Can Apply Call Now :  -  HR SHRUTI 8657560868 Limited Vacancy. . . . Fast Apply. . . Hurry Up Guyzzzz Functional Area Other Industry Type Telcom - ISP Keywords Business Analyst, Engineer Trainee 1.  Learn respective business of their role. 2.  Learn and execute the roles of selected business function. 3.  Contribute first as a support player,  then as an individual,  to the business role. 4.  Develop as an independent business analyst. 5.  Ability to substitute for the selected function on a medium  /  long term. Desired Candidate Profile Profile Description NA Under Graduate Qualification BE  /  B. Tech (Any Specialization) PG  Qualifications  Any PG Course (Any Specialization) Note:  Candidate  Should  have either UG or PG qualification Call Now :  -  HR SHRUTI 8657560868
Quantity Surveyor,  Land Surveyor;Asmacs;Saudi Arabia;3 - 8 Years;Not Specified;"Quantity Surveyor  Qualification; Master / Bachelor / Dip.  in Civil Engineer / Quantity Survey Experience; 3 - 5 years in QS in execution of Road / Huge Water /  Sewer  &  Infrastructure projects compliance with international standard quality.  Gulf experienced preferred. Land Surveyor  Qualification:  Graduate  /  Diploma in Land / Building Survey Experience:  3 - 5 years in surveying on huge ROAD /  BRIDGE /  BUILDING /  INFRA projects.  Gulf experienced preferred.  ( Must  known with Total Station  &  Level Machines) Nationality:  Indian Email Id:  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Civil Engineer, Site engineer, Site supervisor, Construction engineer, Draftsman, Autocad;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Civil Engineer, Site engineer, Site supervisor, Construction engineer, Draftsman, Autocad, 9619184652 Salary Offered:  - 12000 to 18000 Per month Weekly off :  - sunday, Interview Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to Friday Contact Person:  - isha Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  - 9619184652
Foreman / Supervisor Road  &  Infrastructure,  Engineer Electro - Mechanic;Asmacs;Saudi Arabia;5 - 10 Years;Not Specified;"Foreman / Supervisor Road  &  Infrastructure  Qualification:  Bachelor / Diploma in Civil Engineering Experience:  5 - 7 Years experience in Management and Executing of huge Road / Infrastructure / Earth Work Project (Sewer Water),  in the same position.  Saudi or gulf experienced is a  Must Engineer Electro - Mechanic  Qualification; Master / Bachelor in  electrical  Engineering Experience; 10 Years in Management and Executing of huge special Road / Infra / Building project,  in the same position.  Saudi or gulf experienced is a  Must . Nationality; Indian Email Id; [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Trainee  electrical  Engineer;null;Pune;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Preparing and agreeing project specifications,  budgets and timescales with clients Undertaking relevant research Implementing designs Creating test procedures Testing,  evaluating,  modifying and re - testing products Writing reports and documentation Analysing and interpreting data
Electronics Engineer production QC Control  maintenance  Designee Engineer   8425014502;null;Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 3 Years;Not Specified;Electronics Engineer production QC Control maintenance Designee Engineer 8425014502Education:  - Bachelor of Technology (B. Tech) /  (Diploma) Bachelor of Engineering (B. E. ) mandatory salary Offered:  - 12000 to 18000 Per month skill:  - Production,  Quality Control,  Maintenance ,  Location :  - thane,  kalyan,  dadar  /  bhandup  /  sion  /  vashi,   /  panvel,   /  new Mumbai  /  belapur  / andheri /  mira rd  /  vasai kandiwali Experience :  - Freshers  &  6 month Experience Mechanical Engineer, Automobile,  Mechanical Design preferred Gender:  -  Male  /  female preferred Shift Time :  - 10: 30 am  -  6: 30 pm (day shift) Weekly  Working  Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday MEET HR - TEJAL -  8425014502
Mechanical Engineer Mechanical Engineering;HR Recruiter management  Service s;Delhi;1 - 4 Years;Not Specified;We are Looking for Mechanical Engineer Company Name – A -  One(Indian oil corporation ltd).  Roll  &  Responsibilities  -  Engineers work in a variety of fields to analyze,  develop and evaluate large - scale,  complex systems.  This can mean and improve and maintaining current systems or creating brand new projects.  Engineers will design and draft blueprints,  visit systems in the field and manage projects. Salary – 12, 000  /  -  To 25, 000  /  -  per month.  Location  – Madanpur khadar , Delhi. Fresher can also apply for this
System Administrator,  Network Engineer;Asmacs;Saudi Arabia;5 - 10 Years;Not Specified;"System Administrator  Qualification; Master / Bachelor degree in IT Experience;  Should  have minimum 5 experience years in relevant field,  aware with MCSE,  VMware,  LAN,  WAN,  Saudi or Gulf experienced preferred  Network Engineer  Qualification; Bachelor / Master Degree in IT Experience; Min.  5 years expt.  Managing Maintaining LAN / WAN.  Setting up modems and routers,  Cisco Call Manager,  including permissions assigning,  configuring new extensions,  new phone set,  follow up with Cisco for smart net and warrant,  CCNA,  CCVP.  Gulf experiences preferred. Nationality; Indian Email Id; [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Trainee Engineer;null;Pune;0 - 1 Years;150000 - 240000;BE - Mechanical  /  Production / DME with strong academic background.  Must  possess excellent customer  Service  skills.  Must  possess strong decision making abilities. Note  -  Only Serious candidate  Should  apply up to 2 backlogs can be accommodated skills - Microsoft excel Qualifications  - ME / M. Tech,  Other Graduate,  Other Post Graduate,  BE / B. Tech,  PG Diploma,  Certificate Course (ITI), DiplomaExperience - freshers
Training cum Job Opportunity in Automotive / Aero / Home Appliance Engineering Design Industry;E - Mug Engineering  Service s Private Limited;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;0 - 3 Years;Not Specified;We are looking for Trainee Design Engineer in Automotive / Aero / Home Appliance Engineering Design Industry Note:  Admission only after qualifying the selection process  -  Engineering Tests  &  F2F interview and CAD Test Selected candidates will be taken into Job Guarantee Program Our Program is based on Industry Required Domain(BIW, INTERIOR, EXTERIOR, SEATING  &  GD & T) Oriented with Live Projects and Design Standards of TOP OEMs and Best Modeling Methods Direct Walk - in into the Our Office EMUGTECH For More Information Contact HR:  9515120648  / 040 - 66836983 after successful completion of the program and clearing the tests,  candidates  will be given offer Letter in emug engineering  Service s and placed at our client  Location  and Our Project division. Terms and Conditions Applicable for Training Period
 electrical  Engineers Australia CPHu;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia,  Canada;9 - 14 Years;1600000 - 3000000;Tasks Include: planning and designing power stations and power generation equipment determining the type and arrangement of circuits,  transformers,  circuit - breakers,  transmission lines and other equipment developing products such as electric motors,  components,  equipment and appliances interpreting specifications,  drawings,  standards and regulations relating to electric power equipment and use organising and managing resources used in the supply of  electrical  components,  machines,  appliances and equipment establishing delivery and installation schedules for machines,  switchgear,  cables and fittings supervising the operation and maintenance of power stations,  transmission and distribution systems and industrial plants designing and installing control and signalling equipment for road,  rail and air traffic may specialise in research in areas such as power generation and transmission systems,  transformers,  switchgear and electric motors,  telemetry and control systems
Industrial And Manufacturing engineer Canada AhRe;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Canada;3 - 8 Years;Not Specified;Task Includes: Plan and design plant layouts and facilities Study new machinery and facilities and recommend or select efficient combinations Develop flexible or integrated manufacturing systems and procedures Conduct studies and implement programs to determine optimum inventory levels for production and to allow optimum utilization of machinery,  materials and resources Analyze costs of production Design,  develop and conduct time studies and work simplification programs Determine human resource and skill requirements and develop training programs Develop performance standards,  evaluation systems and wage and incentive programs Conduct studies of the reliability and performance of plant facilities and production or administrative systems Develop maintenance standards,  schedules and programs Establish programs and conduct studies to enhance industrial health and safety or to identify and correct fire and other hazards Evaluate or assess industrial facilities Supervise technicians,  technologists,  analysts,  administrative staff and other engineers.
General Manager (Infrastructure) / Deputy General Manager;Kored Infratech Private Limited;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad,  Nagpur;10 - 15 Years;500000 - 1500000;"""Tendering ? Ensure complete understanding of bid requirements,  scope of work,  and responsibilities are meet.  Prepare pre - bid to clarify,  make additions,  deletions to quotations / proposals.  Planning and conduct competitive negotiations. ? Extensive market research prior to starting up proposal and continue gathering information throughout the life cycle of tendering and post tendering till negotiations; ? Identify new tenders and opportunities,  prepare project plans and discuss the same with management and making proposals and Bidding  /  Quoting tenders for all kind of infra projects Project Execution: ? Oversee and direct Infrastructure projects from conception to completion. ? Responsible for budgeting,  organization,  implementation and delivering of the project ? Responsible for planning,  implementation and supervising project and oversee their progress along the way in a timely and cost - effective manner ? Manages and coordinates large and / or complex infrastructure projects through all phases of design,  permitting and construction. ? Managing to complete a project as per contract,  specifications and drawings in given budget and time ? Creating a rapport and maintaining effective communication with the client and team members in the project. ? Lead,  mentor and train the team members. ? Conducted meetings of team members to solve their queries and give feedback on their performance. ? Prepare and present weekly reports to the MD on the progress of the project. ? Responsible for assuring productivity,  Quality,  cost and safety of the entire project. ? Analyse,  manage and mitigate risks. ? Ensure quality construction standards and the use of proper construction techniques ? Research the market for identifying new business opportunities. ? Develop business and marketing plans in coordination with Managing Director to achieve revenue goals. Projects Maintenance: ? Effective maintenance of Roads,  Bridges,  Buildings , Flyovers etc.  with safety rules and standards ? Consults with customers to develop the most efficient repair and maintenance practices,  ensuring the highest quality performance to vendors,  customers,  and internal stakeholders. ? Evaluates inspections performed for properties.  Determines and recommends repairs to be performed for each property. ? Establishes and maintains client relationships and seeks to grow,  broaden,  and enhance the customer relationship. """
 electrical  Engineer,  Electronics Engineer,   electrical  Designer,  Electronics Design job 8425014502;null;Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified; electrical  Engineer,  Electronics Engineer,   electrical  Designer,  Electronics Design job 8425014502Salary Offered:  - 12000 to 25000 Per month Education :  - Bachelor of Technology (B. Tech)  /  (Diploma) Bachelor of Engineering (B. E. ) mandatory Specializations in  electrical  or Electronics / Telecommunication preferred Experience:  - fresher  &  6 month of experience as Electronics Engineer in Electronics  /   electrical  preferred MEET HR -  TEJAL - 8425014502  Location :  - thane  /  sion  /  vashi  /  dadar  /  andheri  /  mira rd  /  virar  /  vasai  /  belapur  /  navi mumbai  /  goregaon Age :  - Above 18 yrs Gender:  -  Male  &  Female preferred Shift Time :  - 9:  30 am  -  6: 30 pm (day shift) ` Weekly  Working  Days :  - 6 Days Weekly off :  - sunday, Interview Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to Friday
New Vacuncy For Civil Engineers;Jailaxmi Enterprises;Pune;0 - 1 Years;110000 - 220000;"Job summary; - Job Type:   -  on roll / full time Required We have urgent requirement for Civil Engineers. Required Experience :   -  0 to 1 years About company :  -  core automobile sector If any other information contact us to 7887338944 (HR)"
Mechanical Engineer Design Engineer Production Engineer Maintenance Engineer Fresher 8422051372;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineer Design Engineer Production Engineer Maintenance Engineer Fresher 8422051372 Walk In Interview In MULUND HEAD OFFICE IN MULUND  Call Now:  - Soniya Mam 8422051372  [HIDDEN TEXT]   Location  :  -  Over All Mumbai Meet HR Soniya Mam 8422051372 Age :  -  18 to 35 Salary :  - 12k to 18k PH and Attractive Incentive Job Timing :  -  9: 30 to 6: 30  / 10: 00 to 7: 00 Male  /  Female both can apply Qualification :  -  10th and 12th Fre  /  Exp both can apply Carry CV and Passport Size Photo Walk In Interview In MULUND HEAD OFFICE IN MULUND  Call Now:  - Soniya Mam 8422051372 [HIDDEN TEXT]
Urgent requirement for Civil Engineer  -   Oman;Active Consultants;Oman;3 - 7 Years;Not Specified;Dear Candidate,   We do have requirement for Civil Engineer position. Candidate  Must  have  minimum 3 to 5 years of work experience  in Oman as a Civil Engineer  -  Salary is not a constraint for the right candidate   -   free  Accommodation  &  food will be provided  Interested candidates can mail their CVs to [HIDDEN TEXT].  Yash PahujaHr Coordinator Active Consultants
opening for Civil Engineer  / Civil Site Engineer /  job only male interview  Location  thane east;null;Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;opening for Civil Engineer  / Civil Site Engineer /  job only male interview  Location  thane eastJob Summary The role of a Site Engineer is to work on the bridge construction at various  Location  in Maharashtra. Responsibilities and Duties Setting out of works at site,  casting of precast components Getting quotations from subcontractors for project supplies both material. Study General Arrangement drawings and guide the junior team on construction methodology. Attends and assists in client / contractor / stakeholder meetings to gain a better understanding of client’s goals. Monitors own work to ensure keeping on set schedule. Utilizes relevant software programs to prepare exhibits and complex  Working  drawings.  Continues to develop skills using software programs for design and / or drafting  Location  thane mulund vashi ghansoli dadar andheri mumbai central goregav salary 12k to 25kExperience  &  fresher only male     one time interview thane east  job  Location  near by                HR NEHA MAM
 electrical  Engineer,   Electronics Engineer,   electrical  Design,   Electronics Design  job 9152214394;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified; electrical  Engineer,  Electronics Engineer,   electrical  Design,  Electronics Design job 9152214394 Salary Offered:  - 12000 to 25000 Per month   Education :  - Bachelor of Technology (B. Tech) / Bachelor of Engineering (B. E. ) in  electrical  or Electronics / Telecommunication preferred Experience:  - 0 to 6 month Experience  as as Production /  Quality Control /  Maintenance  /   Design in Electronics  /   electrical  or Manufacturing  /  Engineering preferred   Location :  - thane  /  dadar  /  andheri  /  mirard  /  vasai  /  vashi  /  panvel  /  kandiwali  /  goregaon  /  malad  /  krula Gender:  -  Male  &  Female preferred Age :  - Above 18 yrs Shift Time :  - 10:  00 am  -  6: 00 pm (day shift) ` Weekly  Working  Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday Interview Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person:  - priyanka Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  - 9152214394
Sr.  Physical Design Engineer;Rafa International Private Limited;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore,  Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;5 - 8 Years;1500000 - 2000000;Urgent Opening for Sr.  Physical Design Engineer for Bangalore,  Noida,  Hyderabad Exp -  5 - 8 yrs,  CTC -  15 to 20 LPA,  Mandatory Key Skills Required:  ICC2 / Innovus,  Perl programming,  Knowledge on PNR tools,  Floorplanning,  Expertise in Synthesis,  Synopsys  • ICC2 /  Innovus experience is required TCL,  Perl programming skills • Knowledge on PNR tools (Innovus / First Encounter / ICC2) is required knowledge of Physical Design methodologies is desired: • Floorplanning,  Power - grid creation and  Analysis  Ability and drive to understand the motivation for tools,  where they fit into the flow,  how to prioritize features and to decide the best way to implement • Minimum  Qualifications  include B.  Tech / M.  Tech ( electrical  / Electronics) with 4 - 8 years of experience in Synthesis / Timing Closure / Physical Implementation of High speed cores / SOC’s. • Expertise in Synthesis / STA of high speed and Low power implementation IPs / SOCs using Synopsys / Cadence toolset is a  Must . •  Should  be able to understand and resolve CLP / FV related issues.  Constraints validation / management is an added advantage.  Proficiency in scripting languages like tcl / tk / Perl is highly desirable.
Walk IN Drive for Piping Material Design Engineer on  15th Feb 2020  &  Sunday 16th Feb 2020  @  Mumbai;Toyo Engineering India Private Limited;Mumbai,  Mumbai;5 - 10 Years;Not Specified;Piping Material Design Engineer EDUCATIONAL  Qualifications  :  B. E.  – Mechanical /  Chemical YEARS OF EXPERIENCE  :  5 - 10 Years JOPB  Location    :  Mumbai  JOB DESCRIPTION:   • Review of Process data for Piping Material,  Review of PID for material related requirements. •  Preparation  /  review of Piping  &  Valve Material Specifications • Value engineering • Preparation  /  review of Technical Datasheet of Piping Components for enquiry. • Technical Bid Evaluation of Vendor Offers. • Vendor Drawing Checking /  Approval,  Vendor Co - ordination. • Estimation of Insulation  &  Painting Bill of Material. • Job planning,  al Location  and review of activities carried out by junior team members • Coordination with Procurement,  construction • BQ  /  Cost  Analysis  at appropriate MTO stages and control
Hardware Engineer,  Network Engineer,  Desktop Support Engineer,  Tech Support job 9769523893;First India Hr Solution;Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Hardware Engineer,  Network Engineer,  Desktop Support Engineer,  Tech Support job  9769523893salary Offered:  - 12000 to 18000 Per month Education:  - Bachelor of Technology (B. Tech) /  (ITI ) (Diploma) Bachelor of Engineering (B. E. ) mandatory Gender:  -  Male  &  Female preferred Shift Time :  - 10:  00 am  -  6: 30 pm (day shift) ` Weekly  Working  Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday Interview Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to Friday meet hr - tejal -  9769523893
Mechanical Engineer, Maintenance engineer, Diploma mechanical, Piping, HVAC, Design Engineer, job;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineer, Maintenance engineer, Diploma mechanical, Piping, HVAC, Design Engineer, job 9619797121  Location   - all over mumbai qualification  -  BACHELOR OF TECHNOLOGY (B. TECH) (DIPLOMA)  BACHELOR OF ENGINEERING (B .  E ) (DIPLOMA) MANDATORY salary  -  10k to 15k depends upon your interview day shift sunday will be off Fresher  /  experience both can apply walking interview limited seat carry cv and passport photo MEET HR  - SAILI MAM CALL NOW  - 9619797121
Rotating Equipment Engineer;VAS International;Saudi Arabia;5 - 15 Years;40000 - 50000;"VERY   URGENT   (for immediate employment) our client  leading engineering construction and contracting company in Saudiarabia known  as INTERNATIONALJAL (www. jalint. com. sa) WellEstablished isince1986KNOWN AS,  JAL International is a 100% Saudi Company and has carved a name in the Plant Maintenance,  Construction,  Manufacturing Business and contributed a significant part to Saudi Arabia’s industrial and infrastructural development efforts are urgently in need of ROTATING EQUIPMENT ENGINEER FOR THEIRCLIENT  CHEMICAL MNUFACURING COMAPNY IN SAUDIA ARABIA. ROTATING EQUIPMENT ENGINEER; -  B. Sc.  Degree in Mechanical engineering or equivalent,  Minimum 5 - 10 years’ experience of mechanical engineering work in the oil or petrochemical industry,  including 4 years in a supervisory position.   • Rotating Equipment Engineer Shall develop,  plan and execute the condition monitoring  /   Analysis  and troubleshooting activities for rotating equipment in assigned area• Develop,  plan and monitor the execution of rotating equipment maintenance strategy for the assignedarea.  Investigate rotating equipment recurring failures in the assigned area. • Develop,  plan and execute condition monitoring,   Analysis  and troubleshooting activities to maintain and enhance rotating equipment integrity and reliability. • Provide technical advice for operations and maintenance on condition of machines and repair methods (W / S and Field) to ensure and enhance rotating equipment integrity and reliability. • Provide shutdown  /  turnaround scope of work for rotating equipment to ensure and enhance availability and integrity of plant and equipment.  EXCELLENT KNOWLEDGE IN TROUBLE SHOOPTING, VIBRATION  Analysis  OF ROTATING EQUIPMENTS Working  IN GENERAL SHIFT COMPLTETING DAILY ASSIGNMENTS, COVERS ON CALL WORK FOR LONG HOURS DURING TROUBLE SHOOTING AND PLANT START UP     EXCELLENT KNOWLEDGE AND  Analysis  OF ROTATING  EQUIPMENTS FAILURE AND VIBRATION ANLAYSICOMPUTER LITERATE    BASIC 2090SAR + 300 SAR Food Allowance +ACCOMODATION AND TRANSPORTATION PROVIDED BY THE COMPANY    please revert BACK with your updated CV by email to [HIDDEN TEXT] / contact vaidyanathan on whats up or imo +91 - 9819070988. mention your present salary and expected salary ANDSKYPE ID  / IMO NUMBERthanks and  N. J. VaidyanathanG. M. Operations Vasinternational Mumbai, +91 - 9819070988"
 electrical  Engineers;Jailaxmi Enterprises;Pune,  Nashik;0 - 2 Years;110000 - 330000;"Job summary; - We have urgent requirement for  electrical  Engineers. Job type:   -  on roll / full time Required Experience:   -  0 to 2 years About company ; -  core  sector If any other information contact us to 7264072330 (HR)"
EXP.  FRESHER FOR CIVIL ENGINEER SITE ENGINEER  electrical  ENGINEER MACHINICAL ENGINEER FOR Haridwar;Z Plus Zone;Dehradun,  Haridwar;0 - 1 Years;120000 - 240000;The construction sector includes the construction of commercial,  industrial,  and residential buildings and engineering projects like roads,  bridges,  and utility systems.  Construction includes both new construction and remodeling,  additions,  maintenance,  and repairs.   The construction sector includes the construction of commercial,  industrial,  and residential buildings and engineering projects like roads,  bridges,  and utility systems.  Construction includes both new construction and remodeling,  additions,  maintenance,  and repairs.
Required Chemical engineers for Canada;Quest Immigration  Service s LLP;Australia,  Canada;7 - 17 Years;860000 - 9770000;Duties Chemical engineers typically do the following: Conduct research to develop new and improved manufacturing processes Develop safety procedures for those  Working  with potentially dangerous chemicals Develop processes to separate components of liquids and gases or to generate  electrical  currents using controlled chemical processes Design and plan the layout of equipment Do tests and monitor performance of processes throughout production Troubleshoot problems with manufacturing processes Evaluate equipment and processes to ensure compliance with safety and environmental regulations Estimate production costs for management
Mechanical Engineer,  Mechanical Design,  Production Engineer, Qulaity Control;null;Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineer,  Mechanical Design,  Production Engineer, Qulaity Control 8425014502salary Offered:  - 12000 to 18000 Per month Education:  - Bachelor of Technology (B. Tech) /  (Diploma) Bachelor of Engineering (B. E. ) mandatory skill:  - Production /  Quality Control /  Maintenance  /  Solid Works  /  auto cad Mechanical Designer knowledge  Location :  - thane,  kalyan,  dadar  /  bhandup  /  sion  /  vashi,   /  panvel,   /  new Mumbai  /  belapur  / andheri /  mira rd  /  vasai kandiwali Experience :  - Freshers  &  6 month Experience Mechanical Engineer, Automobile,  Mechanical Design preferred Gender:  -  Male  /  female preferred Shift Time :  - 10: 30 am  -  6: 30 pm (day shift) ` Weekly  Working  Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday Contact Person: tejal Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  - 8425014502
Safety Officer,  Safety Supervisor,  Industrial Safety, Construction Safety. . 9152076966;null;Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Safety Officer,  Safety Supervisor,  Industrial Safety Construction Safety. . 9152076966salary :   - 12000 to 18000 per month Education :  - Bachelor of Technology (B. Tech)  /  (Diploma) Bachelor of Engineering (B. E. ) mandatory Experience :  -  freshers and Experience candidate both can apply  Location :  - thane  /  ,  kalyan,  /  dadar  /  bhandup  /  sion  /  vashi,   /  panvel,   /  new Mumbai  /  belapur  /  andheri /  mira rd  /  vasai  /  kandiwali Gender :  male  &  female preferred shift time :  9. 30 am to 6. 30 pm weekly  Working  day :  6 days weekly off :  sunday meet hr - anjali - 9152076966
EXP.  FRESHER FOR CIVIL ENGINEER SITE ENGINEER  electrical  ENGINEER MACHINICAL ENGINEER FOR Hyderabad;Z Plus Zone;Chennai,  Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;;Not Specified;The construction sector includes the construction of commercial,  industrial,  and residential buildings and engineering projects like roads,  bridges,  and utility systems.  Construction includes both new construction and remodeling,  additions,  maintenance,  and repairs.
Civil Engineering,  Civil Construction,  Civil Draftsman,  Civil Supervisor,  Civil 3D job 8425014502;null;Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Civil Engineering,  Civil Construction,  Civil Draftsman,  Civil Supervisor,  Civil 3D job 8425014502 Salary Offered:  - 12000 to 25000 Per month FACILITY  -  PF + MEDICAL FACILITY Education:  - Bachelor of Technology (B. Tech) /  ( Iti ) (Diploma) Bachelor of Engineering (B. E. ) mandatory Experience :  - 0 to 6 month of experience as Civil Engineer in Construction  /  Infrastructure preferred Location :  - thane,  kalyan,  bhandup,  sion,  vashi,  panvel,  new Mumbai,  belapur ,  andheri,  mira rd ,  vasai,  kandiwali only mumbai candidtes can apply Gender:  -  Male  &  Female preferred Age :  - Above 18 to 36 age  Shift Time :  - 09:  00 am  -  6: 00 pm (day shift)  ` Weekly  Working  Days :  - 6 Days  Weekly of :  - Sunday  Interview Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to saturday  call hr - teja - 8425014502
Cost Engineering;Asmacs;Oman;5 - 10 Years;Not Specified;Cost Engineering Qualification:  Bachelor Degree in Civil Engineering Experience:   Should  have minimum 5 years experience in similar. preparing the costing of tenders for bidding in Oman as per given tender specifications and drawings from Construction Clients. Ensuring the costing and submit all the bids in time as per tender closing date. familiar with Muscat  /  Oman Market for material and  Service  cost to calculate for the purchase tender by the companies Most the tenders to prepare the cost are related to Construction,  infrastructure,  Oil  &  Gas,  Residential  &  non - Residential Nationality:  Indian Email Id:  [HIDDEN TEXT]
Mechanical Engineer;Pleco Migration Private Limited;Canada,  Hong Kong;2 - 7 Years;3000000 - 4500000;Assessing project requirements Measuring the performance of mechanical components,  devices and engines Agreeing budgets,  timescales and specifications with clients and managers Maintaining and modifying equipment to ensure that it is safe,  reliable and efficient Using computer - aided design / modelling software Liaising with suppliers Undertaking relevant research Producing and implementing designs and test procedures Presenting designs to managers and clients Testing,  evaluating,  modifying and re - testing products Writing reports and documentation Providing technical advice Analysing and interpreting data.
 electrical  Engineer,  Electronics Engineer,   electrical  Design,  Electronics Design Job 8422051372;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified; electrical  Engineer,  Electronics Engineer,   electrical  Design,  Electronics Design Job 8422051372 Walk In Interview In MULUND HEAD OFFICE IN MULUND Call Now:  - Soniya Mam 8422051372 [HIDDEN TEXT]  Salary Offered:  - 12000 to 25000 Per month Education :  - Bachelor of Technology (B. Tech) Diploma  /  Bachelor of Engineering (B. E. ) in  electrical ,  Electronics / Telecommunication or Design  /  Production / Industrial preferred Experience :  - 0 to 6 month Experience as  electrical  Engineer or Electronics Engineer in Electronics  /   electrical  preferred  Location :  - thane  /  sion  /  bhandup  /  andheri  /  mira rd  /  kandiwali  /  vashi  /  panvel  /  navi mumbai Age :  - Above 18 yrs Gender:  -  Male  &  Female preferred Shift Time :  - 9:  30 am  -  6: 30 pm (day shift) ` Weekly  Working  Days :  - 6 Days Weekly off :  - sunday, Interview Time:  -  10: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to Friday Call Now:  - Soniya Mam 8422051372
ETL  /  DWH  -  Support Engineer;Fidelis Corporate Solutions Private Limited;Mumbai,  Pune;1 - 6 Years;300000 - 600000;Role:  ETL L2 Support. Key competencies:   Minimum 1 year experience and strong conceptual knowledge in any of the ETL modules (Datastage / Informatica etc.  ). Experience in IT software support in Retail / FMCG or similar domain will be an added advantage. Experience in SAP BW  /  Tableau will be added advantage.  Should  have support experience.  Working  knowledge in Windows Server and desktops environment. Involved in post - production support Client interaction,  Issue Resolution,  L2 Support. Program  Analysis  to resolve issues in Production Server. Good communications skills Ability to articulate clearly in English (both verbal and written communication). Ability to work in a team driven environment under stringent targets. Good Analytical,  Problem Solving Skills and Interpersonal Skills. Comfortable with shifts including night shift as 24*7 support. Job Profile:    Providing L2 Support with solving of issues. Providing resolution of issues. Monitoring of scheduled jobs and report incase of issues. Giving expert support and information to the queries raised by the end user.
Mechanical Engineer Injection Moulding at Ahmedabad;Zenith Career Solutions;Ahmedabad;3 - 6 Years;100000 - 260000;BE Mechanical with 3 years plus experience in the production and injection moulding machines.  Local candidates of Ahmedabad preferred.  Lead a team of Process Technicians in process development. Maintain accurate documentation and analyze data to identify opportunities for improvement. Create efficient,  safe,  accurate injection molding processes.
Software Engineer / Programmer ,  2  -  5 years;Career Seive. com;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;2 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Opportunity for Software Engineer / Programmer ,  having Experience 2  -  5 years in Bengaluru  /  Bangalore  Location
Mechanical engineer, Design Engineer, CAD Draftsman;Karan IT Solutions;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore,  Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;0 - 5 Years;Not Specified; Should  be Degree or Diploma Holder (Mech. ) Experienced user,  good knowledge of Autocad,  MS Office,  MS Project,  MEP software and ERP (Baan,  SAP or similar) will be preferred , Preparing 2D,  3D drawings.  Piping knowledge.  Preparing Bill of Material.  Preparing GA  &  fabrication drawing,  general arrangment drawing,  isometric drawings.  Preparing Piping layouts.
Walk IN Drive for Piping Layout Design Engineer on  15th Feb 2020  &  Sunday 16th Feb 2020  @  Mumbai;Toyo Engineering India Private Limited;Mumbai,  Mumbai;5 - 15 Years;Not Specified;"Piping Layout Design Engineer EDUCATIONAL  Qualifications  :  B. E.  – Mechanical /  Chemical YEARS OF EXPERIENCE  :  5 - 15 Years JOPB  Location    :  Mumbai JOB DESCRIPTION:   • Capable of  Working  as an Area Engineer,  taking care of a sizable area /  team of engineers /  designers with ownership /  accountability.  Ensure ITB requirements are fulfilled during the design stage.   • Finalize Plot plan /  Unit plot plan.  Prepare cost estimation /  man - hour estimation. • Plan and coordinate with team /  LAE / Project to ensure adherence to project schedules and milestones; take up areas of concern and resolve. • Effectively carry out changes; mitigate /  optimize impact of changes • Coordinate internal model reviews and participate in client model reviews.  Manage interfaces."
FTTH Engineers  / Network Administrator /  Technical engineer  / Hardware engineer;null;Navi Mumbai;1 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Main duties include accountability for the following: Installation of FTTH Broadband  Service s in residential / business premises. Self - audit all work and ensure it meets all applicable technical and operational quality standards. Work efficiently and tidily,  maintaining a clean environment and at all times. Respond effectively and appropriately to all customer requests and enquiries. Complete work to agreed time scales. Comply with Health  &  Safety standards. Ensure that all work activities comply with environmental regulations. Comply with company Transport Policy. Conduct daily checks of plant and tools,  ensure they are safe to use and where applicable carry valid calibration certificates. Ability to take direction from management and execute works in an efficient manner. Proactive in the resolution of engineering obstacles,  conferring with management. Customer focused with a professional outward attitude. Flexibility to undertake works outside core  Working  hours. Quick learning skills. Ensure compliance with all current client processes and procedures Be able to communicate effectively and professionally with internal and external clients
job opening for the post of purchase engineer -  sonipat;BP  Service s;Sonipat  /  Sonepat;2 - 5 Years;200000 - 400000;post:  -  purchase engineer Location  -  sonipat experience -  3+knowledge  -  excellent knowledge of import  &  purchas eexcellent communication skill company  -  manufaturing if interested pls mail your cv -  [HIDDEN TEXT] contact detail -  Balaji placement  Service
Civil Engineer, Site engineer, Civil engg, Diploma Civil, Site supervisor, Construction engineer, jobs.;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Civil Engineer, Site engineer, Civil engg, Diploma Civil, Site supervisor, Construction engineer, jobs. 9619792920 Salary Offered:  - 10000 to 25000 Per month Education:  - Bachelor of Technology (B. Tech) (Diploma) Bachelor of Engineering (B. E. ) mandatory Experience:  -  Fresher to 6 month of experience as preferred  Location :  - thane  /  sion  /  titwala  /  andheri  /  mira rd  /  kandiwali  /  vashi  /  panvel  /  navi mumbai FACILITY  -  PF + MEDICAL FACILITY Gender:  -  Male preferred Age :  - Above 18 yrs Shift Time :  - 10:  00 am  -  6: 00 pm (day shift) ` Weekly  Working  Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday Interview Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person:  - ARTI Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:
Urgent Opening For Mechanical Engineer freshers in hyderabad;Donavalli Infra;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;;140000 - 150000;Urgent Opening For Mechanical Engineer freshers in hyderabad year of passouts :  2015 , 2016 ,  2017 ,  2018 ,  2019 . . . . . . . job role :  maintenance sal :  10k food  &  cab faciluty. . . . . job  Location  :  hyderabad contact :  7032105818
Aircraft Maintenance Engineer (Avionics) Australia AnDh;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia;3 - 8 Years;Not Specified;Tasks Include: Dismantling,  inspecting,  testing,  repairing and reassembling aircraft engines,  ancillary motors and engine accessories,   electrical  systems,  and subassemblies of aircraft frames. Installing  electrical  circuits and equipment. Testing aircraft communication equipment,  aircraft instrumentation and electronic systems using electronic testing equipment and specialised test apparatus. Replacing and testing aircraft oxygen system components. Assembling parts and subassemblies of aircraft frames. Conducting routine pre - flight inspections of engines,  aircraft frames and mechanical systems. Maintaining records of action taken. May manufacture aircraft  electrical ,  instrument and radio hardware components.
Instrumentation And Design Engineer;null;Delhi,  Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;2 - 12 Years;229999 - 4540000;A Day In The Life Typically Includes Selecting hardware. Generating bills of materials Creating  electrical  schematic / wiring diagrams Preparation of control narratives,  logic diagrams and cause and effect charts Programming / testing PLC based systems. SCADA / HMI screen developing,  tagging,  report. Preparation of control narratives,  logic diagrams and cause and effect charts Developing the P  &  IDs based on process mark - ups  / PFD and tender requirements. Preparation of instrument data sheets,  i / o list,  block diagram,  junction box and cable schedule. Attending HAZOP and SIL Studies. Customer interactions and field  Service  support 2 - 5 years of hands on experience in automation system. Good written and verbal communication skills. PLC programming experience for Rockwell / Allen - Bradley Knowledge of industrial boiler controls and burner management systems,  NFPA 85 Knowledge of functional safety requirements (IEC 61508) Ability to design and specify systems located in hazardous  Location s per ATEX or IECEX requirements Knowledge of AutoCAD or AutoCAD  electrical  software Experience in the design and implementation of industrial control systems PLC programming experience for Rockwell / Allen - Bradley,  Siemens,  GE,  Modicon, Yokogawa,  Delta V,  or Triconex Knowledge of codes and standards:  NFPA,  NEC,  UL,  CSA,  IEC,  ATEX  Should  be conversant with Flame Scanners,  Ignition Systems. Good communication skill to interact with customer,  Vendor,  Inspection agencies  &  consultants Follow company guidelines and ensure compliance. Demonstrated safe work habits in an industrial environment  Should  have a valid passport and willing to travel within India or overseas during any organizational requirement.
Lead Design and Senior Lead Design Verification Engineer with PCIE / Ethernet / USB Protocol;Rafa International Private Limited;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore,  Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;4 - 14 Years;1600000 - 2200000;Lead Design and Senior Lead Design Verification Engineer with PCIE / Ethernet / USB Protocol Experience  :  3. 5 – 17 yrs (For 10+ yrs salary will be negotiable)  Location   :  Kormangala,  Bangalore Work Days  :  5 Positions   :  25 Gender :  Open Education   :  M. Tech  /  B. Tech /  B. E. in  electrical  Engineering, Computer science with extensive Industry experience. Industry  :  Semiconductor Company Details  :   Service  provider company,  IP enabled to Semiconductor,  EDA companies in RTL verification,  Analog verification,  Physical Design,  Physical Verification,  Analog and Mixed Signal Design,  CAD Methodology and Real Time Embedded  /  Firmware applications Job Description #An expert level experience with PCIE or Ethernet or USB protocols,  NVMe sub - systems. #Highly experienced with defining block,  sub - system and SOC top level test plans. #An expert level with developing UVM - based SV test - benches. #Deep understanding and knowledge of verification methodologies flows and quality metrics. #Great debugging and problem - solving skills. #Team player with great interpersonal communication skills. Job  Qualifications :  - At least 3+ years of relevant experience in PCIE or Ethernet or USB protocols and NVME SoC verification. Strong and relevant expertise with ASIC simulation tools and advanced verification methods. Expert level in verification languages such as UVM and System Verilog. Relevant experience with writing block - level and SoC test - plans. *Candidates with notice period more than 60 days need not apply
Walk IN Drive for Site HSE Engineer  on  15th Feb 2020  &  Sunday 16th Feb 2020  @  Mumbai;Toyo Engineering India Private Limited;Mumbai,  Mumbai;12 - 20 Years;Not Specified; Qualifications  :   oB. E.  or Diploma in Engineering in the field of Mechanical,   electrical ,  Chemical,  Civil and, oDiploma or Advanced Diploma (one year full time regular course) in Industrial Safety from State Technical Board.  (Safety courses from other colleges / institutes not having approval from State Technical Boards are NOT acceptable).    *Note:  Above mentioned both educational  Qualifications  are mandatory. oCertified Lead or internal Auditor for ISO 45001,  OHSAS 18001,  and ISO 14001 will be preferred.   Venue:  Toyo Engineering India Pvt.  Ltd. ,  Toyo Technology Centre,  71,  Kanjur Village Road,  Near Kanjurmarg (East) Railway Station,  Kanjurmarg (East),  Mumbai 400 042 Time:  9: 30 - 2: 00 PM
EXP & Frsh FOR CIVIL ENGINEER SITE ENGINEER  electrical  ENGINEER MACHINICAL ENGINEER FOR odisha;Z Plus Zone;Cuttack,  Bhubaneswar;;Not Specified;The construction sector includes the construction of commercial,  industrial,  and residential buildings and engineering projects like roads,  bridges,  and utility systems.  Construction includes both new construction and remodeling,  additions,  maintenance,  and repairs.
 electrical  Engineer,   electrical  Maintenance,   electrical  Design Engineer , Supervisor 9152076966;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified; electrical  Engineer  electrical  Maintenance  electrical  Design Engineer , Supervisor 9152076966  Education:  -  12th pass  &  ITI  candidate can apply for this job  salary :  12000 to 18000 per month   Location  :  thane ,  ghatkoper ,  malad ,  mirard ,  vashi ,  kamote ,  kalyan ,  andheri ,  bhivandi ,  sakinaka   Shift Time :  - 9:  30 am  -  6: 30 pm (day shift) Weekly  Working  Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday Gender:  -  Male  preferred Age : 18 to 35 limit Interview Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to Friday Contact Person:  - anjali Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  - 9152076966 Job Opening:  - Limited Vacancy Fresher and experience candidate both can apply.
EXP & Fresher FOR CIVIL ENGINEER SITE ENGINEER  electrical  ENGINEER MACHINICAL ENGINEER FOR jammu;null;Jammu,  Srinagar;0 - 2 Years;220000 - 520000;The construction sector includes the construction of commercial,  industrial,  and residential buildings and engineering projects like roads,  bridges,  and utility systems.  Construction includes both new construction and remodeling,  additions,  maintenance,  and repairs.
Urgent opening for All types of ENGINEERS in Bahrain;I Square Consultancy;Bahrain;1 - 7 Years;Not Specified;We are looking for all NON IT ENGINEERS  to Maldives.  (Only MALE candidates) Description Job Position :  Engineer Qualification :  ITI  /  Diploma  /  Degree Experience :  1 to 7 years (Indian Experience or gulf experience can apply) Age  :  21  -  40 years Salary :  120BD  -  400BD (23, 000  -  76, 000RS)  Contract Period :  2 years  AIR Ticket  free Accommodation ,  Transportation  &  Medical are company providing  (No Food )   Matching profile send us your complete documents to [HIDDEN TEXT] Contact  /  Whats app :  +91 9986933319
Mechanical Engineering,   Mechanical Design Engineering,   Automobile Engineer job 9152214394;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineering,  Mechanical Design Engineering,  Automobile Engineer job 9152214394 Salary Offered:  - 12000 to 25000 Per month  FACILITY +  PF  + MEDICAL FACILITY + Other Benefits  Education:  - Bachelor of Technology (B. Tech) /  ( Iti ) (Diploma) Bachelor of Engineering (B. E. ) mandatory Experience :  - 0 to 6 month  Experience  as Production /  Quality Control /  Mechanical Design  /  in  Mechanical  mandatory Manufacturing  /  Engineering preferred   Location :  - thane,  kalyan,  bhandup,  sion,  vashi,  panvel,  new Mumbai,  belapur ,  andheri,  mira rd ,  vasai,  kandiwali Gender:  -  Male  &  Female preferred   Age :  - Above 18 yrs Shift Time :  - 09:  00 am  -  6: 00 pm (day shift) ` Weekly  Working  Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday Interview Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person:  - priyanka Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  - 9152214394
 electrical  Engineer  Electronics Engineer   electrical  Maintenance ,  Design Engineer;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified; electrical  Engineer Electronics Engineer  electrical  Maintenance ,  Design Engineer job 9152076965 Qualification :  -  ITI ,  Bachelor of Technology (B. Tech) /  (Diploma) Bachelor of Engineering (B. E. ) mandatory salary :  12000 to 25000   Location  :  thane,  kalyan,  dadar  /  bhandup  /  sion vashi,  panvel,  new Mumbai  /  belapur andheri /  mira rd  /  vasai kandiwali freshers and experiace candidate both can apply Gender :  male  &  female preferred shift time :  9. 30 am to 6. 30 pm weekly  Working  day :  6 days weekly off :  sunday contact person :  hr neha contact Details :  9152076965
Civil Project Engineer,  Site Engineer,  Civil Designer;null;Ahmedabad,  Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;2 - 12 Years;229999 - 4540000;Key tasks of the job include:  managing parts of construction projects overseeing building work undertaking surveys setting out sites and organising facilities supervising contracted staff ensuring projects meet agreed specifications,  budgets or timescales liaising with clients,  subcontractors and other professional staff,  especially quantity surveyors and the overall project manager providing technical advice and solving problems on site preparing site reports and filling in other paperwork liaising with quantity surveyors about the ordering and negotiating the price of materials ensuring that health and safety and sustainability policies and legislation are adhered to
Walk IN Drive for Instrumentation Design Engineer on  15th Feb 2020  &  Sunday 16th Feb 2020  @  Mumbai;Toyo Engineering India Private Limited;Mumbai,  Mumbai;4 - 10 Years;Not Specified;Instrumentation Design Engineer  EDUCATIONAL  Qualifications  :  B. E. – Instrumentation (from Recognised University) EXPERIENCE  :  4 - 10 Years (Oil and Gas Industry)   JOB DESCRIPTION: •Preparation of Material requisition,  Specifications,  Technical Bid Evaluation for DCS and ESD System.  Complex Loop,  logic development as per Cause and effect diagram. Familiar with various protocols like Modbus TCP - IP,  Foundation Fieldbus,  HART,  Ethernet TCP - IP,  OPC,  Profibus etc. •Preparation of Material requisition,  Instrument Specifications,  Technical Bid Evaluation for field Instrument’s like Safety relief valves,  Various Flow meters,  Analyzers  / Analyzer shelters. •Preparation of Material requisition,  Instrument Specifications,  Technical Bid Evaluation for Junction Box,  Cables,  Cable Tray  /  Duct and MCT.
opening for fire and safety - 9819440172;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;;Not Specified;opening for fire and safety  - 9819440172 Education:  Diploma in Fire safety ADIS ( Diploma in Industrial Safety) only male can apply this job  Location  - thane, vashi, airoli, panvel, kamothe, kalyan, andheri age - 18 to 35 yrs Salary:  12000 to 15000 Industry:  Construction,  Engineering,  Cement,  Metals Functional Area:  Site Engineering ,  Project Management Role Category:  Site Engineering Role:  Construction - Construction Management Employment Type:  Permanent Job,  Full Time Gender:  -  Male  &  Female preferred Shift Time :  - 9: 30 am  -  6: 30pm (day shift) ` Weekly  Working  Days :  - 6 Days Weekly off :  - sunday, Interview Time:  -  10: 00 am  -  5: 00 pm | Monday to saturday email id : [HIDDEN TEXT] Contact Person:  - sanjna hr Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  - 9819440172
Immediate openings for Mechanical production, Quality and Design;Diraa HR  Service s;Coimbatore;0 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical engineers create solutions and solve problems,  playing a central role in the design and implementation of moving parts in a range of industries. Qualification:  BE / Dip (mechanical) Experience:  0 -  5 years Salary:  Negotiable  
Safety Officer;Progressive Staffing  Service s;Qatar;7 - 10 Years;Not Specified;Holder of a B. Sc /  Diploma (Science) and Professional OHS Qualification ( Should  have NEBOSH IGC 1, 2, 3,  Confined Space Entry and Safety /  IOSH  /  OSHA,  etc. ) Minimum 7 - 10 years  exp.  in the INFRASTRUCTURE projects.  i. e.  Drainage,  Sewerage,  Water Networks,  etc. . . Strong personality with excellent oral and written communication skills in English. Excellent computer skills (MS Office).
Civil Engineer, Site engineer, Construction engineer, Site supervisor, Draftsman, 9619184652;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Civil Engineer, Site engineer, Construction engineer, Site supervisor, Draftsman, 9619184652 
Computer Engineer;Ganesh System;Pune;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Post :  -  Computer engineer  Education :  -  Diploma  /  degree in computer engineering  Gender :  -  Both male  &  female can apply  Experience :  -  0 - 1 yrs  Salary :  -  No bar to right candidate Company type :  -  Manufacturing   Location  :  -  Dhankawadi   For interview schedule visit our Ganesh Systems placement office or call on 9850380707 Ganesh Systems  -  Placement  Service IT ,  NON IT, Engineering And ALL
Walk IN Drive for Process Design Engineer on  15th Feb 2020  &  Sunday 16th Feb 2020  @  Mumbai;Toyo Engineering India Private Limited;Mumbai,  Mumbai;3 - 13 Years;Not Specified;Process Design Engineer EDUCATIONAL  Qualifications  :  B. E.   /  M. E.  – Chemical (from Recognised University) YEARS OF EXPERIENCE  :  03 to 15 Years JOPB  Location    :  Mumbai JOB DESCRIPTION: The Candidate  Must  have experience in basic  &  detailed engineering of Process Plants such as Fertilizers,  Chemicals,  Petrochemicals,  Refinery,  Specialty Chemicals,  Oil  &  Gas Projects,  Off - Sites and Utility facilities.  For senior positions,  it is essential to have relevant experience as lead process engineer or senior process engineer and  Must  have led minimum one complete project related to hydrocarbon process industry.  Venue:  Toyo Engineering India Pvt.  Ltd. ,  Toyo Technology Centre,  71,  Kanjur Village Road,  Near Kanjurmarg (East) Railway Station,  Kanjurmarg (East),  Mumbai 400 042 Time:  9: 30 - 2: 00 PM
Civil Engineer Site Supervisor Site Engineer Production Engineer Maintenance Engineer;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Civil Engineer Site Supervisor Site Engineer Production Engineer Maintenance Engineer Job 8422051372 Salary Offered:  - 12000 to 25000 Per month Mumbai / Navi Mumbai / Thane Fresher Can Apply Call Now :  -  HR SONIYA 8422051372 Education:  - Diploma in Civil preferred Bachelor of Technology (B. Tech) / Bachelor of Engineering (B. E. ) in Mechanical preferred Experience :  - 0 to 6 month Experience Mechanical Engineer in Manufacturing  /  Engineering or Automobile preferred  Location :  - thane  /  sion  /  bhandup  /  andheri  /  mira rd  /  kandiwali  /  vashi  /  panvel  /  navi mumbai Gender:  -  Male  &  Female preferred Age :  - Above 18 yrs Shift Time :  - 9:  30 am  -  6: 30 pm (day shift) ` Weekly  Working  Days :  - 6 Days Weekly off :  - sunday, Interview Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to Friday Call Now :  -  HR SONIYA 8422051372
CIVIL SUPERVISOR  -  Project Division  -  NBTC,  Kuwait;SMC International Placements;Kuwait;5 - 15 Years;Not Specified;Salary  -  KWD 300 - 375 [ free  Food,  Accomodation  &  Travel]  Qualification :  Diploma /  B. E / B. Tech.  Civil Engineering. Min.  4  -  5 Yrs Exp.  in Oil and Gas Industry experience is mandatory. Experience Requisites :  5+ years
Opportunities for Electronics and Telecommunication Engineers in Canada BaKi;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Canada;5 - 10 Years;1800000 - 3400000;"Suggested Job Duties:    Electronics Engineers : • discuss proposals with clients; • work with colleagues to design new systems,  circuits and devices or develop existing technology; • test theoretical designs; • write specifications and technical reports; • follow defined development processes; • systematically improve the detailed design of a piece of electronic equipment; • ensure that a product will work with devices developed by others,  can be made again reliably,  and will perform consistently in specified operating environments; • create user - friendly interfaces; • ensure safety regulations are met; • carry out project planning and prepare budgets; • supervise technicians,  craftspeople and other colleagues.   Telecommunication Engineers : • carrying out site surveys; • travelling to meet suppliers,  customers and colleagues based in other offices; • negotiating product requirements with customers; • providing technical guidance to colleagues and other teams; • finding creative solutions to the challenges of network design,  mobile communications,  data  Service  requirements and internet and network signalling protocols; • testing theoretical designs; • attending conferences and seminars to network and keep up to date with the latest developments in the sector; • liaising with internal and external customers."
PROCESS ENGINEER Ahmedabad;Careerbuzzworld;Ahmedabad;2 - 4 Years;Not Specified;Process Engineer  Qualification:  BE chemical only Experience:  2 to 4 year  Location :  Ahmedabad Software skills  Must  HYSYS SIMULATION SOFTWARE salary 2 to 4 lac Hysys software work experience 2 to 4 year
 Service  Manager;Meghjit Power Solutions Llp;Kolkata;6 - 8 Years;Not Specified;"a) You will be responsible for handling the entire  Service  Department of our organization. b) It includes Installation  &  Commissioning of the UPS system,  battery bank and other items at customer premises. c) It includes attending breakdown calls,  repairing,  preventive maintenance and AMC. d) It includes maintain top class  Service  level; follow the defined TAT,  safety and testing parameters recommended by OEMs,  use proper tools,  maintain hygiene at work place and discipline. e) It includes development of customer relationship and development of customer base. f) It includes maintain inventory of Spares,  tools and accessories. g) It includes receiving calls and quick response. h) It includes attend sites on 24X7 basis as and when required."
Walk IN Drive for Site HSE Officer on  15th Feb 2020  &  Sunday 16th Feb 2020  @  Mumbai;Toyo Engineering India Private Limited;Mumbai,  Mumbai;4 - 10 Years;Not Specified;Site HSE Officer EDUCATIONAL  Qualifications  :   •B. E.  or Diploma in Engineering in the field of Mechanical,   electrical ,  Chemical,  Civil and,    •Diploma or Advanced Diploma (one year full time regular course) in Industrial Safety,  Fire  &  safety,  Safety  &  Security from State Technical Board.  (Safety courses from other colleges / institutes where exams are not conducted by State Technical Boards  /  Govt.  of India are NOT acceptable).    *Note:  Above mentioned both educational  Qualifications  are mandatory.  •Certified Lead or internal Auditor for OHSAS 18001,  ISO 14001 will be preferred.   Venue:  Toyo Engineering India Pvt.  Ltd. ,  Toyo Technology Centre,  71,  Kanjur Village Road,  Near Kanjurmarg (East) Railway Station,  Kanjurmarg (East),  Mumbai 400 042 Time:  9: 30 - 2: 00 PM
Electronics  Service  and production engineer;Senergy Intellution Private Limited;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai;0 - 3 Years;Not Specified;Installation and commissioning activities of customised electronic systemsInstallation and commissioning of software for aboveProduction  of embedded electronics based systems. Testing of embedded electronics devicesOpportunity to contribute in Design  &  development of new electronic systems. Best in industry compensation to deserving candidates.
Civil Engineer, Site engineer, Civil engg, Diploma Civil, Site supervisor, , Construction;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Civil Engineer, Site engineer, Civil engg, Diploma Civil, Site supervisor, Project engineer, Construction engineer, Mechanical engineer9152076966 Salary:  - 12000 To 20000 Per Month Qualification:  - Diploma  &  Be , B. tech Pass Candidate Can Apply For This job  Experience:  - Fresher  &  6 Month Experience As Mechanical Engineering As preferred   Location :  - thane  /  vashi  /  andheri  /  new mumbai  /  dadar  /  mira rd  /  vasai  Gender:  -  Male  &  Female preferred  Shift Time :  - 9:  30 am  -  6: 30 pm (day shift)  Weekly  Working  Days :  - 6 Days  Weekly of :  - Sunday  Interview Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to Friday   Contact Person:  -  anjali  Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  - 9152076966  Job Opening:  - Limited Vacancy
Need Chemical Operator to settle in Europe;Quest Immigration  Service s LLP;Canada,  Germany;7 - 17 Years;800000 - 9780000;Chemical Operator Responsibilities: Storing,  retrieving,  mixing,  and monitoring chemicals used in the production process. Recording information,  such as ingredients,  weights,  and temperature,  and inputting into database. Troubleshooting issues with production equipment and processes. Observing all company,  local,  state,  and federal safety and quality regulations. Reporting accidents,  safety violations,  or other concerns. Assisting in planning and improving processes and product quality.  Working  with other team members to complete the production process. Meeting physical requirements of the position,  including walking,  standing,  or sitting for extended periods,  lifting heavy objects,  climbing,  crouching,  operating tools,  and wearing safety gear. Chemical Operator Requirements: High School Diploma or equivalent. More education or experience in a related field may be required. Experience  Working  with forklifts may be preferred or required Understanding of chemical process. Aptitude for mechanics. Basic computer skills. Strong verbal and written communication skills. A desire to work with team members to improve processes and product quality in a fast - paced,  physically demanding environment. Willingness to comply with safety and quality regulations,  including wearing protective gear when necessary. Ability to lift 50 lbs or more.
Mechanical Engineer, Maintenance engineer, Mechanical design engineer, HVAC;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineer, Maintenance engineer, Mechanical design engineer, HVAC, jobs. 9619792920  Salary Offered:  - 10000 to 25000 Per month Education:  - Bachelor of Technology (B. Tech) (Diploma) Bachelor of Engineering (B. E. ) mandatory Experience:  -  Fresher to 6 month of experience as preferred  Location :  - thane  /  sion  /  titwala  /  andheri  /  mira rd  /  kandiwali  /  vashi  /  panvel  /  navi mumbai FACILITY  -  PF + MEDICAL FACILITY Gender:  -  Male preferred Age :  - Above 18 yrs Shift Time :  - 10:  00 am  -  6: 00 pm (day shift) ` Weekly  Working  Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday Interview Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person:  - ARTI Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  ARTI (9619792920)
Mechanical Engineer (Coal Handling)  /  Designer   -  Gurgaon;Vegazva Engineering Private Limited;Gurgaon  /  Gurugram;6 - 11 Years;Not Specified;Greetings from Vegazva Engineering!! Vegazva is a leading Engineering Consultancy providing Engineering  Service s and Information Technology  Service s Position:  Mechanical Engineer (Coal Handling)  / Designer  Location :  Gurgaon Job Details: • Qualification:  Diploma /  BE  /  B. tech. • Experience:  Min 6 to 15 years of experience. • Contract Duration:  1 year Contractual (Extendable) • Salary as per Man hour rates. Note:  If interested,  please send me a updated CV with following details. Position: Relevant experience: Qualification: Experience: Mobile Number Alternate mobile No - Current CTC:  - Notice period:  - IF any kind of physical disability please share details - Thanks  &   , Annu Jain Senior recruiter Office :  124. 4521. 970 | [HIDDEN TEXT] | vegazva. com 411,  Spaze I Tech Park,  Tower A,  Sector - 49 | Gurgaon | Haryana | 122018 | India
Mechanical Engineers  -  Australia / Canada CHKa;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia,  Canada;5 - 15 Years;1800000 - 3400000;Mechanical engineers perform some or all of the following duties: Conduct research into the feasibility,  design,  operation and performance of mechanisms,  components and systems  Plan and manage projects,  and prepare material,  cost and timing estimates,  reports and design specifications for machinery and systems  Design power plants,  machines,  components,  tools,  fixtures and equipment  Analyze dynamics and vibrations of mechanical systems and structures  Supervise and inspect the installation,  modification and commissioning of mechanical systems at construction sites or in industrial facilities  Develop maintenance standards,  schedules and programs and provide guidance to industrial maintenance crews  Investigate mechanical failures or unexpected maintenance problems  Prepare contract documents and evaluate tenders for industrial construction or maintenance  Supervise technicians,  technologists and other engineers and review and approve designs,  calculations and cost estimates
Opening For Fresher Engineer Candidate  Can Apply 8657560868;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Opening For Fresher Engineer Candidate Can Apply 8657560868  Mumbai / Navi Mumbai Head Office Mulund Interview Aaj Mulund Me Hai. . . Call Now : Alisha 8657560868 Age (18 to 35 ) Salary 12k to 18k (Depended On Interview) Male / Female Candidate Can Apply Fresher Can Apply Head Office Mulund(E) Carry CV. Passport Size Photo Walk In Interview
Chemical Engineer,  Production Engineer,  Quality Engineer,  Chemist;null;Noida,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Chemical Engineer,  Production Engineer,  Quality Engineer,  Chemist 8425014502Experience :  - Fresher  &  6 months Experience of experience as Chemical Engineer in preferred Age :  - Above 18  - 35 years Gender:  -  Male  &  Female preferred Shift Time :  - 10:  00 am  -  6: 30 pm (day shift) ` Weekly  Working  Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday Interview Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to SATURDAY meet hr - tejal - 8425014502
EXP.  FRESHER FOR CIVIL ENGINEER SITE ENGINEER  electrical  ENGINEER MACHINICAL ENGINEER FOR chenni;null;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore,  Chennai;0 - 2 Years;229999 - 550000;The construction sector includes the construction of commercial,  industrial,  and residential buildings and engineering projects like roads,  bridges,  and utility systems.  Construction includes both new construction and remodeling,  additions,  maintenance,  and repairs.
Civil Engineer, Site engineer, Civil engg, Site supervisor, Mechanical engineer, Diploma Civil 9619198474;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Civil Engineer, Site engineer, Civil engg, Site supervisor, Mechanical engineer, Diploma Civil, Qualification : 12th  &  above Salary : 10000 to 15000 Gender : male / female both can apply  Location  : thane, mulund, vashi, ghansoli, mumbai central, dadar, andheri, borivali one time intereview in mulund east Age : 18 to 35 fresher candidate can also welcome more information call HR BHAKTI MAM
Urgent hiring for Sr.  Physical Design Engineer  &  Lead Physical Design Engineer;Rafa International Private Limited;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore,  Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;4 - 10 Years;Not Specified;Urgent hiring for a leading  Service  based Semiconductor Industry.   Position  -  Sr. Physical Design Engineer  &  Lead Physical Design Engineer Experience  -  4 to 10 years  Location :   -  BANGALORE  /  HYDERABAD Qualification  -  Btech  /  Mtech (Electronics  /   electrical )Candidates  Should  be from Semiconductor Industry About the Salary Part  -   4. 1 – 5 year   -  16 LPA to 18LPA 5. 1 – 7 year  -   18 LPA to 20 LPA 7. 1 – 10 year   -  20 LPA to 22 LPA 10+ years   -  Case to Case basis Job Description:   -   • ICC2 /  Innovus experience is required TCL,  Perl programming skills • Knowledge on PNR tools (Innovus / First Encounter / ICC2) is required knowledge of Physical Design methodologies is desired: • Floor planning,  Power - grid creation and  Analysis  Ability and drive to understand the motivation for tools,  where they fit into the flow,  how to prioritize features and to decide the best way to implement • Minimum  Qualifications  include B.  Tech / M.  Tech ( electrical  / Electronics) with 4 - 8 years of experience in Synthesis / Timing Closure / Physical Implementation of High speed cores / SOC’s. • Expertise in Synthesis / STA of high speed and Low power implementation IPs / SOCs using Synopsys / Cadence toolset is a  Must . •  Should  be able to understand and resolve CLP / FV related issues.  Constraints validation / management is an added advantage.  Proficiency in scripting languages like tcl / tk / Perl is highly desirable.
Estimation Engineer;Five Star Placement Private Limited;Saudi Arabia;3 - 10 Years;Not Specified;1)  Should  have Oil  &  Gas Experience 2) Minimum of 2 - 5 years’ experience in Estimation. 3) Preparation of BOQ and  Should  capable to derive the unit rate based on the site condition. 4) Preparation of site visits reports in a professional way. 5) Level 1 schedule preparation in order to justify the estimation. 6) Resource loading chart need to be prepared
Mechanical Engineer Production Engineer Designer Engineer Maintenance Engineer Job 8422051372;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineer Production Engineer Designer Engineer Maintenance Engineer Job 8422051372 Mumbai / Navi Mumbai / Thane HEAD OFFICE IN MULUND Walk In Interview In Mulund Carry CV Call Now :  -  SONIYA HR 8422051372 Fresher Can Apply ob Summary Candidate are responsible for creating and implementing a maintenance procedure and schedule for all of the systems under their control with 1 - 2 years of Maintenance and repair experience of Production machines. Responsibilities and Duties 1.  Performing Regular System Maintenance. 2.  Repairing routine maintenance on production equipment and determining when and what kind of maintenance is needed. 3.  Determining causes of operating errors and deciding what actions to be taken. 4.  Maintenance of all production equipment such as Gearbox, Mixer,  Blender,  pump  &  motor etc. 5.   Must  be an individual contributor. Required Experience and  Qualifications 1.  Any Diploma in Mechanical. 2.  ITI fitters,  Mechanical,  Maintenance and Equipment repair. Job Type:  Full - time Experience: total work:  1 year (Preferred) Licence: ITI (Fitter) (Preferred) Call Now :  -  SONIYA HR 8422051372
PHE Design Engineer Mechanical;DSG Consultants Pvt Ltd;Mumbai,  Mumbai City;8 - 18 Years;Not Specified;Checking of drawings and documents generated by other engineers Attending meetings with the client as required Providing guidance to engineers for project design Discussing with other discipline engineers for co ordination of  Service swork experience of 10 years in plumbing / fire fighting design is required Engineering degree is required
 electrical  Design Engineer and  electrical  Draughtsman  for  MEP consultant;Varun Hydrotech Consultants Private Limited;Thane;3 - 5 Years;360000 - 540000;Space planning for various plants and  electrical  equipment,  conceptual design scheme drgs,  detailed design drgs with design calculation,  Tender BOQ and tender documents, Tender evaluation,   Design co - ordination,  Site visit with respect to adherence of design drgs,  Approval of as built drgs,  Commissioning report of various plants and equipments installation and completion certificate of project  electrical  works. design of  electrical  system for all types of building including load calculation, cable selection, voltage drop calculation, design lighting and power layout ,  designing single line diagram, to make SLD, design of FA, PA, CCTV system, preparation of BOQ
Mechanical Engineer,  Mechanical Design Engineer, Mechanical Technician,  Fresher Vacancy 8422051372;null;Mumbai,  Mumbai City,  Navi Mumbai,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineer Mechanical Design Engineer Mechanical Technician Fresher Vacancy 8422051372 Mumbai / Navi Mumbai / Thane HEAD OFFICE IN MULUND SSC / HSC / GRADUATE FRESHER CANDIDATE CAN APPLY Call Now :  - HR SONIYA 8422051372   Location  :  -  Over All Mumbai Meet HR Soniya Mam 8422051372 Age :  -  18 to 35 Salary :  - 12k to 18k PH and Attractive Incentive Job Timing :  -  9: 30 to 6: 30  / 10: 00 to 7: 00 Male  /  Female both can apply Qualification :  -  10th and 12th Fre  /  Exp both can apply Carry CV and Passport Size Photo Walk In Interview In MULUND HEAD OFFICE IN MULUND Call Now:  - Soniya Mam 8422051372 Interview Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to Friday Call Now :  - HR SONIYA 8422051372
Chemical Engineer;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia,  Canada;5 - 10 Years;1800000 - 3200000;Tasks Include: preparing designs for chemical process systems and planning control systems for processes such as those used to remove and separate components,  effect chemical changes,  test and evaluate fuels,  transfer heat,  and control the storing and handling of solids,  liquids and gases monitoring the operation and maintenance of equipment to achieve maximum efficiency under safe operating conditions ensuring correct materials and equipment are used and that they conform to specifications diagnosing malfunctions in chemical plants and instituting remedial action studying product utilisation and pollution control problems reviewing plans for new products and submitting material selection recommendations in accordance with design specifications and factors such as strength,  weight and cost planning and implementing laboratory operations to develop new materials and fabrication procedures for new materials to fulfil production cost and performance standards conferring with producers of materials,  such as metals,  ceramics,  polymers,  cements and elastomers,  during the investigation and evaluation of materials suitable for specific product applications reviewing product failure data and implementing laboratory tests to establish or reject possible causes,  and advising on ways to overcome any problems
Walk IN Drive for Site HSE Manager on  15th Feb 2020  &  Sunday 16th Feb 2020  @  Mumbai;Toyo Engineering India Private Limited;Mumbai ,  Mumbai;22 - 26 Years;Not Specified;Site HSE Manager EDUCATIONAL  Qualification S :   o B. E.  or Diploma in Engineering in the field of Mechanical ,  Electrical ,  Chemical ,  Civil and , o Diploma or Advanced Diploma  (one year full time regular course)  in Industrial Safety from State Technical Board.   (Safety courses from other colleges /  institutes not having approval from State Technical Boards are NOT acceptable) .    *Note:  Above mentioned both educational  Qualification s are mandatory.  o Certified Lead or internal Auditor for ISO 45001 ,  OHSAS 18001 ,  and ISO 14001 will be preferred.  YEARS OF EXPERIENCE:  22 Years + for B. E.   /   26 Years + for Diploma    Venue:  Toyo Engineering India Pvt.  Ltd.  ,  Toyo Technology Centre ,  71 ,  Kanjur Village Road ,  Near Kanjurmarg  (East)  Railway Station ,  Kanjurmarg  (East)  ,  Mumbai 400 042 Time:  9: 30 - 2: 00 PM
Mechanical Engineering ,   Mechanical Design Engineer ,  Automobile Engineer job 9152214394;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineering ,  Mechanical Design Engineer ,  Automobile Engineer job 9152214394 Salary Offered:  - 10000 to 25000 + PF + Other Benefits  Education:  - Bachelor of Technology  (B. Tech)  /    ( Iti )   (Diploma)  Bachelor of Engineering  (B. E. )  mandatory  Experience :  - fresher  &  6 month  of experience as Mechanical Engineer in Manufacturing  /   Design  Engineering preferred  location :  - thane ,   sion  ,  vashi ,  kopar khairane ,  panvel ,  andheri ,  virar ,  masjid bunder ,  goregaon  ,  mumbai central Gender:  -  Male  &  Female preferred   Age :  - Above 18   Shift Time :  - 10:  00 am  -  6: 00 pm  (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday  interview  Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person:  - priyanka Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  - 9152214394
Fire Safety ,  Safety Officer ,  Safety Engineer  ,  fire and safety;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Urgent opening for Fire Safety ,  Safety Officer ,  Safety Engineer  ,  fire and safety salary :   - 12000 to 18000 per month Education :  -  12 th  &  Diploma  pass candidate can apply for this job Experience :  -  freshers and Experience candidate both can apply  location :  - thane  /    ,  kalyan ,  /   dadar  /   bhandup  /   sion  /   vashi ,   /   panvel ,   /   new Mumbai  /   belapur  /   andheri /   mira rd  /   vasai  /   kandiwali Gender :  male  &  female preferred shift time :  9. 30 am to 6. 30 pm weekly working day :  6 days weekly off :  sunday  interview  Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to Friday Contact Person:  -  Anjali Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  - 9152076966 Job Opening:  - Limited Vacancy
Aeronautical Engineer Mechanical Engineer Aerospace Engineer Aerospace /   Aviation;null;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore ,  Mumbai;0 - 2 Years;409999 - 560000;Formulate conceptual design of aeronautical or aerospace products or systems to meet customer requirements. Direct and coordinate activities of engineering or technical personnel designing ,  fabricating ,  modifying ,  or testing of aircraft or aerospace products.  Develop design criteria for aeronautical or aerospace products or systems ,  including testing methods ,  production costs ,  quality standards ,  and completion dates.  Plan and conduct experimental ,  environmental ,  operational and stress tests on models and prototypes of aircraft and aerospace systems and equipment. Evaluate product data and design from inspections and reports for conformance to engineering principles ,  customer requirements ,  and quality standards.
Piping Engineer - Cross country Pipe Line /  Compressor Erection  &  comm.  Project - Emarat Aloula Abu Dhabi;SMC International Placements;United Arab Emirates;8 - 12 Years;Not Specified;Salary AED 15000 - 18000 Education:  B. E in Mechanical Engineering Experience:  8 - 12 Years JOB DESCRIPTION :    The candidiate  Should   have expereince in EPC project in Oil and Gas especially with piping knowledge.  UAE /   GCC Expereince is  Must .
Openings for Embedded engineers;Diraa HR Services;Coimbatore;0 - 4 Years;Not Specified;An embedded system engineer  Must  at least know the C language ,  which is the most commonly used programming language in the embedded world ,  and to a lesser degree the C++. He  Must  ideally have worked on architectures using different microprocessors and processors. It is important to have a strong learning ability ,  since the operation of a project ,  tests ,  or the realization of an architecture will often vary from one mission to another. Finally ,  the electronic boards has a greater knowledge of hardware  (for example electronic boards)  and its operation than a developer specializing in high - level programming languages  (for example Java) .     Qualification :  BE (ECE /  EEE /  IT)  /  Dip (ECE /  EEE) Experience: 0 - 4 yearsSalary:  Negotiable Thanks &  regardsDiraa hr servicesJeevitha - HR8220924477
Civil Engineering;World Wide Consultancy;Chennai ,  Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;5 - 7 Years;Not Specified;B. E.  Civil Engineering. • Experience:  minimum 5 years in design of RCC foundations as well as steel structures.  using STADPRO. • Candidates who have worked with Consultancy Organizations will be preferred.
Urgent opening for Engineer /  Mechanic in Maldives.;I Square Consultancy;Maldives;3 - 4 Years;Not Specified;We are looking for Engineer /  Mechanic in Maldives.  Description Job Position:  Engineer /  Mechanic  Qualification  :  Diploma  /   Degree Experience:  3 to 4 years Salary:  400USD - 600USD  (23000RS  -  43000RS) After Probation salary 700USD Engineer /  Mechanic for repairing our vehicles. Engineer  Should   be able work on Forklifts ,  Cranes ,  and Lorries and Excavator ,  particularly having good experience and knowledge on: >Repairing and overhauling Engines. >Sort out problems at dashboards >Solving electric issues. >Work on hydraulics. Accommodation  &  Food  ,  Transportation  &  Medical are company providing Matching profile send us your complete documents to [HIDDEN TEXT]  Contact  /   Whats app :  +91 9986933319
Condition Monitoring Engineer ,  Planning Engineering Mechanical ,  Mechanical Engineer;Asmacs;Saudi Arabia;5 - 10 Years;Not Specified;Condition Monitoring Engineer  Qualification :  Bachelor Degree Engineering  &  Certified Vibration Analyst III  -  ANSI Experience:   Should   have 8 years in rotating equipment in Petrochemical  /   Chemical  /   Refineries.   Must  have a Vibration Analysis Level  -  3  (ISO certified)  and Machinery Lubrication Level  -  2  (ICML Certified)  certifications.  Experience in field balancing of rotating equipments Planning Engineering Mechanical   Qualification :  Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical Engineering Experience:   Should   have minimum 5 years related maintenance  &  planning experience within mining /  chemical /  petrochemical industry. Working experience in DAP /   PAP /   BENEFICATION plant or any Fertilizer plants.  Mechanical Engineer   Qualification :  Bachelor Degree in Mechanical Engineering Experience:   Should   have minimum 5 years related maintenance experience within mining /  chemical /  petrochemical industry.  Working experience in DAP /   PAP /   BENEFICATION plant or any Fertilizer plants.  Must  have at least five years’ experience in heavy Industries plant maintenance.  Must  have sufficient working knowledge of the basics  &  state - of - the - art functionalities of all mechanical equipment:  Static  &  Rotating + Belt conveyor system  Must  have good command in activity planning functions in SAP and knowledgeable in conducting technical evaluations  &  feasibility studies /   writing good technical reports Nationality:  Indian Email Id:  [HIDDEN TEXT]
Mechanical Engineering ,   Mechanical Design Engineer ,   Automobile Engineer job 9152214394;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineering ,  Mechanical Design Engineer ,  Automobile Engineer ,  Oil  &  Gas ,  HVAC Engineer job 9152214394  Salary Offered:  - 12000 to 25000 Per month + FACILITY  -  PF  + MEDICAL FACILITY   Qualification :  -  Bachelor of Technology  (B. Tech)   /    (Diploma )  Bachelor of Engineering  (B. E. )  in Mechanical preferred Experience :  - Fresher  &  Experience as Mechanical Engineer  /   Design Engineering or Automobile preferred  Key skills for mechanical engineers :  - effective technical skills the ability to work under pressure problem - solving skills creativity interpersonal skills verbal and written communication skills commercial awareness teamworking skills. Read our article on the skills engineering employers look for for more information and then find out how you can prove you possess these competencies at engineering assessment centres.   location :  - thane  /   vashi  /   dadar  /   andheri  /   mira rd  /   virar  /   vasai  /   belapur  /   goregaon  /   krula  /   kandiwali  /   panvel  /   belapur  Gender:  -  Male  &  Female preferred Age :  - Above 18   Shift Time :  - 10:  00 am  -  6: 00 pm  (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday  interview  Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person:  - priyanka Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  - 9152214394
Electrical Design Engineer.;Thrive Placement And Consultant;Pune;1 - 3 Years;Not Specified;Job  Description : Job Role:  Design Engineer. Experience :  1 to 2 Years Education :  Degree  /   Diploma   (Electrical) Employment:  Permanent  /   Full Time Skills And  Responsibilities:  -  Candidate  Must  have Advanced Knowledge in Auto Cad ,  E - Plan -  Draftsmans main job duty is to create technical drawings based on given specifications and calculations. Salary :  As per  Industry Standard.   location  :  Bhosari  , Narhe Talewade  (Pune) . If you interested send your update resume with below details on given Email ID:  [HIDDEN TEXT] Total Exp: Current CTC: Expected CTC:   Best regards  Varsha ,   Thrive Placement  &  Consultant Address - The Pentagon Office no 424 4th floor , Near Panchami Hotel and Lotus Court ,  Satara Road Parvati |Pune 411009 Contact:  9359791660 Website :  www. thrivejobs. in
Site Engineer Civil;Bora Durga Reddy And Company;Visakhapatnam;3 - 8 Years;400000;BAR BENDING SCHEDULE ,  BILLING ,  ESTIMATION  ,  LABOUR SUPERVISINGCOMPUTER SKILLS
Mechanical Engineer  , Automobile Engineering.   Draftsman Auto cad fresher   8425014502;null;Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineer  , Automobile Engineering.  Draftsman Auto cad fresher 8425014502salary Offered:  - 12000 to 18000 Per month Education:  - Bachelor of Technology  (B. Tech)  /    (Diploma)  Bachelor of Engineering  (B. E. )  mandatory skill:  - Production /   Quality Control /   Maintenance  /   Solid Works  /   auto cad Mechanical Designer knowledge  location :  - thane ,  kalyan ,  dadar  /   bhandup  /   sion  /   vashi ,   /   panvel ,   /   new Mumbai  /   belapur  /  andheri /   mira rd  /   vasai kandiwali Experience :  - Freshers  &  6 month Experience Mechanical Engineer , Automobile ,  Mechanical Design preferred Gender:  -  Male  /   female preferred Shift Time :  - 10: 30 am  -  6: 30 pm  (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday Contact Person: tejal Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  - 8425014502
Mechanical Draftsman ,   civil draftsman ,   Electrical Draftsman job 9619797121;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Draftsman ,  civil draftsman ,  Electrical Draftsman job 9619797121 Salary Offered:  - 12000 to 18000 Per month  Education:  - Bachelor of Technology  (B. Tech)  /    (Diploma)  Bachelor of Engineering  (B. E. )  mandatory Experience :  - Fresher  &  6 months Experience of experience as  preferred  location :  - thane  /   kalyan  /   sion  /   vashi  /   panvel  /   andheri  /   goregaon  /   mirard  /   kandiwali  /   navimumbai  /   belapur  Age :  - Above 18    Gender:  -  Male  &  Female preferred Shift Time :  - 10:  00 am  -  6: 30 pm  (day shift)   ` Weekly Working Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday  interview  Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to saturday job Contact Person:  - saili mam Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  - 9619797121.
US IT Recruiter;Vinazin Solutions;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;5 - 6 Years;Not Specified;Urgent Hiring US IT Recruiter Looking for US IT Recruiters ,  15 positions ,  Urgently needed 3 to 8 years or above experience.  Must  Have Good Communication Skills Aware of Complete US IT recruitment process ,  sourcing quality cvs from job portals Monster ,  Dice ,  Tech Fetch , social networking sites with the best rates /  salaries aware US tax terms -  C2C ,  W2 ,  1099 Able to Handle the requirement Independently No Cab Facility Time Zone -  CST Works with Clients  &  Implementation Partners Current CTC -   Expected CTC :  Qualification :  Graduates 10+2 welcome  interview  Mode: 1st Round -  Practical  interview 2nd - F2F Note:  Looking only Males:  Thanks ,  RAJ KUMAR 9963899846 [HIDDEN TEXT]
"Urgent Opening for ""Welding Engineer - Process Equipment Division""";Vrinda Global Private Limited;Yamunanagar;4 - 10 Years;Not Specified;Job Description · Relevant Experience of 8 - 10 years in heavy manufacturing  /   fabrication of static pressure equipment viz.  pressure vessels ,  heat exchangers ,  columns ,  Reactors ,  etc · Knowledge of developing welding procedures for alloy ,  stainless  &  high tensile steels for manufacturing of Pressure vessels ,  Heat Exchangers ,  Boilers ,  etc.  to various national  &  international codes. · Knowledge of welding process ,  welding techniques ,  Root Cause Analysis of various welding defects ,  welder  Qualification s. · Metallurgist · Also knowledge of Boilers and Pressure Parts
Mechanical Engineer , Electrical engineer , Maintenance engineer , Diploma mechanical ,;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineer , Electrical engineer , Maintenance engineer , Diploma mechanical , 9619184652 Salary Offered:  - 12000 to 18000 Per month Education :  -  diploma °ree completed Experience :  - 0 to 6 month Experience can apply for this job
Requirement for IT Professional in Australia; easy   Migrate Australia Visas;Australia;3 - 8 Years;Not Specified;Description Designs ,  develops ,  modifies ,  documents ,  tests ,  implements ,  installs and supports software applications and systems. Education Requirement Level of skill commensurate with a bachelor degree or higher  Qualification .  At least five years of relevant experience may substitute for the formal  Qualification .  In some instances ,  relevant experience and /  or on - the - job training may be required in addition to the formal  Qualification . Looking for below mentioned skilled professionals  €¢ Software Engineer  €¢ Software Designer  €¢ Software Tester  €¢ Software  &  Application Programmer  €¢ Analyst Programmer Task  €¢ Researching ,  consulting ,  analyzing and evaluating system program needs  €¢ Identifying technology limitations and deficiencies in existing systems and associated processes ,  procedures and methods  €¢ Testing ,  debugging ,  diagnosing and correcting errors and faults in an applications programming language within established testing protocols ,  guidelines and quality standards to ensure programs and applications perform to specification  €¢ Writing and maintaining program code to meet system requirements ,  system designs and technical specifications in accordance with quality accredited standards  €¢ Writing ,  updating and maintaining technical program ,  end user documentation and operational procedures  €¢ Providing advice ,  guidance and expertise in developing proposals and strategies for software design activities such as financial evaluation and costings for recommending software purchases and upgrades Kindly contact on 022 - 22004545 for further details or email at [HIDDEN TEXT].  Note:  for this requirement ,  one  Must  have a PR i. e Permanent Residency.   easy  Migrate provide PR visa services for you.  Once on receiving PR ,  the candidate can work ,  live  &  study anywhere in Australia.   location :  Australia Experience:  3 to 10 years Annual Salary:  Best as per industry standards
System Engineer;Hinduja Tech Limited;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore;7 - 10 Years;Not Specified;Key Responsibilities: 1.  System requirement specification 2.  Systems architecture 3.  Interface specification 4.  Testing criteria and approach to test the product based on systems requirements. 5.  System and sub System Requirements Development and functionality analysis 6.  Contribute to System architecture development 7.  Development of Interfaces 8.  Write verification criteria for System requirements 9.  Management of information and systems in respective tools  (model - based and document - based) 10.  Management of requirements in respective tools  (Doors) 11.  Support the Change Management Process.  Job Requirements and Skills  1.  Bachelor or Master degree in Electronic Engineering or equivalent technical field of study 2.  4 - 8 years of experience as Systems Engineering 3.  Good knowledge of Requirements Engineering 4.  Good knowledge of Requirements Management Tools  (DOORS) 5.  Good knowledge of develop ,  write requirements and write the verification criteria 6.  Good knowledge of automotive standard like A - SPICE 7.  Good knowledge of systems ,  features ,  ADAS ,  Airbag ,  Radar ,  Vision  &  Brakes  (Vision product knowledge is preferable) 8.  Good knowledge of automotive and safety critical software development 9.  Good overview on Modeling and Simulation 10.  Good overview on Verification and Validation 11.  Fluent English language skills
Aircraft Maintenance Engineer  (Mechanical)  Australia AnPr;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia;3 - 8 Years;Not Specified;Tasks Include: Dismantling ,  inspecting ,  testing ,  repairing and reassembling aircraft engines ,  ancillary motors and engine accessories ,  electrical systems ,  and subassemblies of aircraft frames. Installing electrical circuits and equipment. Testing aircraft communication equipment ,  aircraft instrumentation and electronic systems using electronic testing equipment and specialised test apparatus. Replacing and testing aircraft oxygen system components. Assembling parts and subassemblies of aircraft frames. Conducting routine pre - flight inspections of engines ,  aircraft frames and mechanical systems. Maintaining records of action taken. May manufacture aircraft electrical ,  instrument and radio hardware components.
URGENT OPENING FOR ELECTRICAL AND ELECTRONIC ENGINEER (GULF RETURN)  FOR BAHRAIN;I Square Consultancy;Bahrain;3 - 7 Years;Not Specified;OPENING FOR ELECTRICAL AND ELECTRONIC ENGINEERAGE LESS THAN 35EXPERIENCE 3 - 7  English  Must  Qualification  B TechSalary 300 BD - 400 BD Depends on  Qualification  and Experience. . Gulf Experience is add on Advantage
Civil Engineering ,  Civil Construction ,   Civil Draftsman ,   Civil Supervisor ,   Civil 3D job 9152214394;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Civil Engineering ,  Civil Construction ,  Civil Draftsman ,  Civil Supervisor ,  Civil 3D job 9152214394 Salary Offered:  - 12000 to 25000 Per month FACILITY  -  PF + MEDICAL FACILITY  Education :  - Diploma in Civil  preferred Bachelor of Technology  (B. Tech)   /   Bachelor of Engineering  (B. E. )  in Civil Engineering preferred Key skills for civil engineers :  - Excellent Writing or Oral Communication Skills in Hindi /   Marathi /  English  &  Any Languages.  . • Good Knowledge for Quality and Construction field. • Previous experience on site in construction projects • Candidate  Should   Have knowledge of quality checking Experience :  - 0 to 6 month Experience of experience as Civil Engineer in Construction  /   Infrastructure preferred   location :  - thane  /   sion  /   titwala  /   vashi  /   panvel  /   nerul  /   andheri  /   malad  /   vasai  /   kandiwali  /   navi mumbai Gender:  -  Male  &  Female preferred Age :  - 18 to 35    Shift Time :  - 10:  00 am  -  6: 00 pm  (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday  interview  Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person:  - priti Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  - 9152214394
Civil Engineer Site engineer Civil Site supervisor Civil Draftsman 8425014502;null;Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Civil Engineer Site engineer Civil Site supervisor Civil Draftsman 8425014502Salary:  - 12000 To 18000 Per Month  Qualification :  - Diploma  &  Be  , B. tech Pass Candidate Can Apply For This job Contact Person:  -  tejal - 8425014502 Experience:  - Fresher  &  6 Month Experience As preferred  location :  - thane  /   vashi  /   andheri  /   new mumbai  /   dadar  /   mira rd  /   vasai  /   ghatkoper  /   malad  /   andhri  /   borivali  /   Gender:  -  Male  &  Female preferred Shift Time :  - 9:  30 am  -  6: 30 pm  (day shift) Weekly Working Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday  interview  Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to Friday Contact Person:  -  tejal - 8425014502 Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  - 9769353293Job Opening:  - Limited Vacancy
civil engineer job opening  , site supervisor , design , billing - 9819440172;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;civil engineer job opening  , site supervisor , design , billing - 9819440172  Qualification  - 12th /  iti /  diploma /  BE /  B. Tech salary - 12000 to 15000  location  - thane /  navi mumbai /  andheri /  borivali /  dadar /  vashi Experience :  Candidates having 1 to 3 years experience in interior designing company /   working with Architects handling commercial /   residential interior designing projects need to apply.  Qualification  :  12th pass or undergraduate /   Any Graduate .  Any Engineers  ( BE /   Diploma ) Skills:  Candidate  Should   have experience  &  knowledge of carpentry /   civil work /   Electrical work  /   painting work at interior designing worksites.  Should   be knowing AutoCAD 2D for understanding of drawings Proficient in MS office  (word /   Excel /  PowerPoint)  for report making Job description :  The candidate  Should   be good in communication skills  ( Hindi /   Marathi /   English ) Site supervision and attending site meeting. Coordinating with contractors /   vendors on site Site measurements  &  handling issues at site To monitor and follow up on progress of work at site. Preparing daily /   Monthly report on work progress  &  presenting it to superiors. job type - full time , 6: 30 to 9: 30 call sanjna hr   - 9819440172
Mechanical Engineering ,   Mechanical Design Engineer ,   Automobile Engineer job 9152214394;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineering ,  Mechanical Design Engineer ,  Automobile Engineer job 9152214394 Salary Offered:  - 12000 to 25000 Per month  Education :  - Bachelor of Technology  (B. Tech)  /    ( Iti )   (Diploma)  Bachelor of Engineering  (B. E. )  mandatory Experience :  - 0 TO 6 month Experience as Production /   Quality Control /   Mechanical Design in mandatory Manufacturing  /   Mechanical Engineering preferred  Mechanical Engineers Job Skill:  - 3D  (Computer Aided Design)  CAD Analytical Thinking Assemble Project Deliverables Assist With Field and Manufacturing Problems Assist With Shipping of Equipment Prior to Deployment Analyze Test Results and Adjust Design if Needed AutoCAD Automated Model Programming Complete Assigned Tasks Within Time and Cost Restraints Convert Basic Design Information and Requirements Into Working Drawings Develop and Test Prototypes Clearly Explain Design Ideas CAD  (Computer Aided Design) Comfortable Writing Technical Reports Communication Computer Skills Create Blueprints Using CAD  (Computer Aided Design) Creativity Design Mechanical Device Projects Detail Oriented Develop Design Calculations Develop Project Scope and Timeline Drafting Standards and Geometric ,  Dimension ,   &  Tolerancing  (GD & T) Engineering Product Data Management Software  (EPDM) Ensure Designs Meet Legal Guidelines and Safety Requirements Identify Potential Design Improvements Knowledgeable of Machining and Fabrication Process Make Regular Site Visits Manage and Monitor Each Stage of Project Math Skills Mechanical Skills Microsoft Office Suite Experience Oversee Project Manufacturing Process Perform Equipment and System Calculations Prepare Designs and Estimates Prepare Conclusion and Analysis Reports Pro - E CREO Computer Aided Design Software Proactive and Willing to Take on New Challenges Problem Solving Product Validation Experience Provide Cost Estimates for Materials ,  Equipment ,  and /  or Labor Read and Interpret Drawings and Specifications Recommend Modifications for Design Improvements and Simplification Research Materials for Future Design Opportunities and Usage Sound Knowledge of Engineering Fundamentals Strong Presenter Teamwork Test Building Materials Troubleshoot Equipment to Solve Problems Understand Diagrams ,  Drafts ,  Flow - Charts ,  and Other Information and Documentation Use Notes ,  Sketches ,  and Verbal Instructions to Complete Project Design Use Software to Design Within Industry and Government Standards Write and Maintain Operating Procedures and Standards Work Effectively Under Pressure Work to Improve and Maintain Existing Products  location :  - thane  /   sion  /   vashi  /   panvel  /   nerul  /   navi mumbai   /   andheri  /   mira rd  /   kandiwali  /   vasai  Gender:  -  Male  &  Female preferred  Age :  - Above 18   Shift Time :  - 10:  00 am  -  6: 00 pm  (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday  interview  Time:  -  10: 00 am  -  5: 00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person:  - Priti Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  - 9152214394
civil engineer job opening , supervisor , autocad design , billing - 9819440172;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;civil engineer job opening , supervisor , autocad design , billing - 9819440172 Experience :  freshers and experience both can apply  Qualification  :  12th pass or undergraduate /   Any Graduate .  Any Engineers BE /   Diploma Skills:  Candidate  Should   have experience  &  knowledge of carpentry /   civil work /   Electrical work  /   painting work at interior designing worksites.  Should   be knowing AutoCAD 2D for understanding of drawings Proficient in MS office word /   Excel /  PowerPoint for report making salary - 12000 to 15000  location  - thane /  navi mumbai /  andheri /  borivali /  dadar /  vashi Job description :  The candidate  Should   be good in communication skills Hindi /   Marathi /   English Site supervision and attending site meeting. Coordinating with contractors /   vendors on siteSite measurements  &  handling issues at siteTo monitor and follow up on progress of work at site. Preparing daily /   Monthly report on work progress  &  presenting it to superiors. Gender:  -  Male  &  Female preferred Shift Time :  - 9:  30 am  -  6: 30 pm  (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :  - 6 Days Weekly off :  - sunday ,  interview  Time:  -  10: 00 am  -  5: 00 pm | Monday to saturday email id : [HIDDEN TEXT] Contact Person:  - sanjna hr Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  - 9819440172
Mechanical Engineers  -  Australia /  Canada NPRi;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia ,  Canada;3 - 8 Years;1600000 - 3000000;Mechanical engineers perform some or all of the following duties: Conduct research into the feasibility ,  design ,  operation and performance of mechanisms ,  components and systems  Plan and manage projects ,  and prepare material ,  cost and timing estimates ,  reports and design specifications for machinery and systems  Design power plants ,  machines ,  components ,  tools ,  fixtures and equipment  Analyze dynamics and vibrations of mechanical systems and structures  Supervise and inspect the installation ,  modification and commissioning of mechanical systems at construction sites or in industrial  facilities      Develop maintenance standards ,  schedules and programs and provide guidance to industrial maintenance crews  Investigate mechanical failures or unexpected maintenance problems  Prepare contract documents and evaluate tenders for industrial construction or maintenance  Supervise technicians ,  technologists and other engineers and review and approve designs ,  calculations and cost estimates
Safety Officer , Safety Engineer , Industrial Safety , Safety Supervisor , Health Engineer , 8425014502;null;Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Safety Officer , Safety Engineer , Industrial Safety , Safety Supervisor , Health Engineer , 8425014502• Salary:  - 12000 To 20000 Per Month  Qualification :  - Diploma  &  Be  , B. tech Pass Candidate Can Apply For This job • call meet  - hr -  tejal - 8425014502 • Experience:  - Fresher  &  6 Month Experience As preferred •   location :  - thane  /   vashi  /   andheri  /   new mumbai  /   krula  /   mira rd  /   vasai Gender:  -  Male preferred • Shift Time :  - 9:  30 am  -  6: 30 pm  (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday  interview  Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person:  - tejal Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  - 8425014502
Opening for Process Engineer;Aarvi Encon Limited;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;2 - 6 Years;Not Specified;Job Details:  -  Position :  Process Engineer   Qualification  :  B. E.   /   B. Tech Experience :  2 - 6   with good exp in Detail or Design in Oil  &  Gas ,  Refinery ,  Petrochemical  &  Petroleum Projects.  Key Skill :  Good Exp in Design Job  location  :  Mumbai  Salary Details :  Depend on candidate Exp  &  skills Job Duration :  6 Months  (Extendable)  on Third party on party PayRoll
Walk In Drive for Piping Layout Designer on 15th Feb  @  20  &  16th Feb 20 TOYO ENGINEERING Mumbai;Toyo Engineering India Private Limited;Mumbai;8 - 15 Years;Not Specified;•Review the design inputs documents  (PFD , PID , Equipment data…. •Develop piping studies  &  develop equipment layouts •Understand design basis /  philosophy  & ensure implementation of the same in layout design.  Ensure adherence to statutory requirements  &  design codes  &  standards during development.  Mandatory Documents to carry: •Updated Resume •Pay slips of last 3 months •CTC break  - up •Recent Passport size photograph •Supporting documents for  Qualification   (Mark Sheets  &  Passing certificates) .  Please carry originals and 1 set of Photocopy •Supporting documents for Experience.  Please carry originals and 1 set of Photocopy  Walk In Venue:  Toyo Engineering India Pvt.  Ltd.  ,  Toyo Technology Centre ,  71 ,  Kanjur Village Road ,  Near Kanjurmarg  (East)  Railway Station ,  Kanjurmarg  (East)  ,  Mumbai 400 042
EXP & FRSH FOR CIVIL ENGINEER SITE ENGINEER ELECTRICAL ENGINEER MACHINICAL ENGINEER FOR Gujarat;null;Ahmedabad ,  Vadodara;;Not Specified;The construction sector includes the construction of commercial ,  industrial ,  and residential buildings and engineering projects like roads ,  bridges ,  and utility systems.  Construction includes both new construction and remodeling ,  additions ,  maintenance ,  and repairs.
Mechanical Engineer Electrical Engineer Electronics Engineer Automobile Engineer Fresher 8657560868;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineer Electrical Engineer Electronics Engineer Automobile Engineer Fresher 8657560868 Mumbai /  Navi Mumbai /  Thane Fresher Can Apply Diploma /  Degree Both Can Apply Walk In  interview  In   Call Now :  - HR ALISHA 8657560868 We S. S. ELECTRICALS are licensed electrical contractor based in Mumbai.  We specialize in high end interior electrical projects. We do all kinds of residential  &  commercial projects ,  which consists of advance electrical working. We require Electrician supervisor ,  who can work on project ,  understand project details ,  execute work with Electrician  &  helpers ,  manage material ,   &  take measurement. Job Type:  Full - time Salary:  ?15 , 000. 00 to ?20 , 000. 00  /  month Experience: total work:  1 year  (Preferred) Education: Higher Secondary (12th Pass)   (Preferred) Industry: Electrical Engineering  Call Now :  - HR ALISHA 8657560868
Walk - in B. E  -   (Civil  /   Mechanical)   Freshers;Comfyi Solution;Chennai;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;B. E.   (Civil and Mechanical)  fresh  engineers to work in design and software development.  B. E.  civil  /   B. E.  Mechanical Freshers with minimum 60% in academics , Excellent Communication Skills  &   Should   be a team player. Candidates who have completed software training  /   designing courses are preferred.   Walk in Directly to the below mentioned address  Comfyi Solution # 1768  ,  i Block  ,  6th street 18th mainroad  , Annanagar  ( Opposite to Annanagar West Bus Depot) CHENNAI , Tamilnadu , India 600040 PH:  9381278999
Electrical Engineer  Electrical Maintenance  Electrical Design Engineer  job 9152076965;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Electrical Engineer Electrical Maintenance Electrical Design Engineer job 9152076965  Qualification  :  Bachelor of Technology  (B. Tech)  /    (Diploma)  Bachelor of Engineering  (B. E. )  mandatory salary :  12000 to 20000   location  :  thane ,  kalyan ,  dadar  /   bhandup  /   sion vashi ,  panvel ,  new Mumbai  /   belapur andheri  /   mira rd  /   vasai kandiwali freshers and experiace candidate both can apply Gender :  male  &  female preferred shift time :  9. 30 am to 6. 30 pm weekly working day :  6 days weekly off :  sunday contact person :  hr neha contact Details :  9152076965 Electrical Engineer Responsibilities:  • Designing ,  maintaining ,  implementing ,  or improving electrical instruments ,   facilities     ,  components ,  equipment products ,  or systems for industrial ,  commercial or domestic purposes. • Performing a wide range of engineering tasks by operating computer - assisted design or engineering software and equipment. • Conferring with customers ,  engineers ,  and others to discuss existing or potential engineering products or projects. • Ensuring that installation and operations conform to standards and customer requirements by preparing electrical systems specifications ,  technical drawings or topographical maps. • Establishing construction ,  manufacturing or installation standards or specifications by performing a wide range of detailed calculations. • Ensuring compliance with specifications ,  codes ,  or customer requirements by directing or coordinating installation ,  manufacturing ,  construction ,  maintenance ,  documentation ,  support or testing activities. • Writing reports and compiling data regarding existing and potential electrical engineering projects and studies. • Preparing specifications for purchases of electrical equipment and materials. • Supervising or training project team members. • Estimating material ,  labor ,  or construction costs for budget preparation. • Maintaining electrical equipment. • Working with a variety of technicians.
Electrical Engineer;Pleco Migration Private Limited;Canada ,  Hong Kong;2 - 7 Years;3000000 - 4500000;Designing ,  maintaining ,  implementing ,  or improving electrical instruments ,   facilities     ,  components ,  equipment products ,  or systems for industrial ,  commercial or domestic purposes. Performing a wide range of engineering tasks by operating computer - assisted design or engineering software and equipment. Conferring with customers ,  engineers ,  and others to discuss existing or potential engineering products or projects. Ensuring that installation and operations conform to standards and customer requirements by preparing electrical systems specifications ,  technical drawings or topographical maps. Establishing construction ,  manufacturing or installation standards or specifications by performing a wide range of detailed calculations. Ensuring compliance with specifications ,  codes ,  or customer requirements by directing or coordinating installation ,  manufacturing ,  construction ,  maintenance ,  documentation ,  support or testing activities. Writing reports and compiling data regarding existing and potential electrical engineering projects and studies. Preparing specifications for purchases of electrical equipment and materials. Supervising or training project team members. Estimating material ,  labor ,  or construction costs for budget preparation. Maintaining electrical equipment. Working with a variety of technicians.
Mechanical Engineer  Electrical Engineer  Construction Engineer  Oil  &  Gas  Power Plant;null;Kolkata ,  Bhubaneswar;0 - 2 Years;270000 - 459999;Technical Jobs India provides you with a core Design engineer job.  We have good vacancy We are recruiting the engineers for Btech ,  Diploma ,  ITI of Mechanical engineer for our clients.  Skills - Mechanical Engineer Electrical Engineer Construction Engineer Oil  &  Gas Power Plant
Quality Engineer;Metro Jobs Consultants;Gurgaon  /   Gurugram ,  Noida;5 - 10 Years;Not Specified;Job Responsibilities: Formulating ,  implementing and monitoring stringent QA /  QC management system and quality plans /  manuals to ensure high - quality standards Controlling the quality of raw material ,  and all resources for production Testing of raw material  (Cement ,  Fly ash ,  coarse Aggregate  &  fine aggregate) . Responsible for the sampling of cubes of each grade Trials of each grade as per the clients requirement. Coordinate the activities of Quality ,  Engineering ,  and Material Departments If you are interested can apply their updated resume on this id [HIDDEN TEXT] Contact Details: MJC Pvt.  Ltd. Mobile:   -  +91 -  7827036029 ,  9990725507 ,  011 - 46107515  /  26217585
QA Automation Engineer;Edkal Technologies Private Limited;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore;4 - 14 Years;Not Specified;• 5+ years of experience in Software Quality Assurance preferably in PRODUCT /  Mobile Application Development  (related to finance /  payment industry) => Either playing the LEAD /  Senior Role or able to demonstrate LEAD /  Senior abilities that can be groomed further • Ability to develop and enhance the automation frameworks independently in Java for mobile automation  (Any tool – Appium is a plus) • Hands on in coding automation scriptsfor the identified regression and functional areas for mobile Applications  (esp.  Python) • Being self - driven and figuring out a way to unblock will be very important  (explicitly check how in - depth they troubleshoot issues  &  advise QA members  &  Developers) • Strong communication skills and willing to challenge system /  processes •  Should   clearly Pass basic IP  /   Wi - Fi Networking technical concepts and troubleshooting steps =>Network testing commands ,  areas to check if n /  w is not available ,  network related issues on mobile devices  &  symptoms related to that) Other Basic Skills: • Hands on experience in Test Planning ,  Test Designing ,  Test scripting and execution ,  Report defects and triage them • Good knowledge of QA Metrics and status reporting • Strong understanding of capturing logs ,  crash reports etc.  for iOS and Android
Technical engineer , mechanical Engineer , industrial Furniture;Karan IT Solutions;Mumbai ,  Pune;0 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Handle production  &  quality control with professional approach in the committed time Production of industrial  &  specialised furniture Responsible for all inspection which conduct at vendor end To make improvements  &  cost shaving at supplier end
Civil Site In charge;Metro Jobs Consultants;Gurgaon  /   Gurugram ,  Faridabad;0 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Civil Site In charge  Qualification :   -  Diploma Industries:   -  Infrastructure Job Description Supervising workers ,  subcontractors and work activities.  Preparing and presenting site inductions ,  safety briefings and toolbox talks Assessing and managing safety hazards Ensuring appropriate site rules and welfare  facilities     are in place Interested Candidate Please send their updated Resume  &  Call on this Number 7827036029 /  011 - 46107515  &   ([HIDDEN TEXT]) With Regards ,  MJC  (P)  LTD Contact Number:   -  9990725507 ,  7827036029  &  011 - 46107515
Civil Engineer  , Site Engineer Site Supervisor Production Engineer , Design Engineer Fresher 9619182809;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Civil Engineer Site Engineer Site Supervisor Production Engineer Design Engineer Fresher 9619182809 Mumbai /  Navi Mumbai /  Thane HEAD OFFICE IN   SSC /  HSC /  GRADUATE FRESHER CANDIDATE CAN APPLY Call Now :  - HR khushi 9619182809   location  :  -  Over All Mumbai Call Now :  - HR khushi 9619182809 Age :  -  18 to 35 Salary :  - 12k to 18k PH and Attractive Incentive Job Timing :  -  9: 30 to 6: 30  /  10: 00 to 7: 00 Male  /   Female both can apply  Qualification  :  -  10th and 12th Fre  /   Exp both can apply Carry CV and Passport Size Photo Walk In  interview  In   HEAD OFFICE IN   Call Now :  - HR khushi 9619182809 [HIDDEN TEXT]
Software Engineer Developer;One Degree North Human Resource;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore;2 - 5 Years;250000 - 1550000;If you are interested in the below mentioned companies , CONTACT HR ESHWAR VISHWANATH Call  (or)  Ping in Whatsapp at 7483294242 Feel free to contact me at anytime!!! This is the right time to get in NO REGISTRATION FEE!!! NO CONTRACT BASICS!!! To Apply Give A Call  (or)  Ping In Whatsapp For The Further Details At ANYTIME!! VIMAAN ROBOTICS  Eligibility  -  BS or MS degree in Computer science or equivalent with 2 years experience in software development. Shift  -  Rotational shift Salary  -  No limit  ( 20 - 30% hike will be given)  location   -  Marathahalli Role  -  software engineer Age  -  No limit.
Urgent Opening For Construction  Engineer  /   Quality Engineer  /    (8860744627);null;Kolkata ,  Mumbai;0 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description  (Urgent opening for B. tech  ,  diploma holders) Dear candidates , 1) Requirement available in Site Engineer  &  Quality engineer. 2)  Qualification :  - B. tech /  Diploma Civil  (Freshers) . 3) Vacancies:  - 40. 4) Job  location :  -  All India. 5) Experience:  - Freshers. 6) Salary:   -  As per Industry 7) Duty:   -  8 hours Interested candidates please call -  (8860744627) Email Id : [HIDDEN TEXT] HR Team Regards
opening for Mechanical Engineer , Electrical engineer , Maintenance engineer ,  jobs 8879898561;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;opening for Mechanical Engineer , Electrical engineer , Maintenance engineer ,  jobs 8879898561MUMBAI /  NAVI MUMBAIHEAD OFFICE   interview : AAJ   MAI HAICALL NOW: 8879898561MEET HR AROHI MAMAGE: 10K TO 35KSALARY: 10K TO 18KHEAD OFFICE  EXPERIENCE CAN APPLYFRESHERS ARE WELCOMEGOOD  facilities    HURRY UP. . LIMITED SEATPF AND HIGH INTENSIVEFOR MORE INFORMATION CALL NOW: 8879898561MEET HR AROHI MAM
Electrical Engineer;Ganesh System;Pune;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Post :  -  Electrical engineer  Education :  -  Any  Gender :  -  Both male  &  female Can apply  Experience :  -  0 - 2    Salary :  -  No bar to right candidate Company type :  -  Software   location  :  -  Akurdi For  interview  schedule visit our Ganesh Systems placement office or call on 9850380707 Ganesh Systems  -  Placement service IT  ,  NON IT , Engineering And ALL Address : Shahu Colony Lane No  -  11  , Near Cummins college , Karve Nagar  ,  Pune – 411052 Call  &  Come :  9850380707 Monday  -  Saturday 9: 00 Am To 7: 00 pm Sunday Closed
German MNC Requires DESIGN ENGINEER;Prime Placement;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City;1 - 8 Years;Not Specified;The Requirement Details are As Follows.   Post :  -  DESIGN ENGINEER  Qualification  :  -  Diploma  /   Degree Mechanical Engineer Experience :  -   2  + Type of Industry :  -  Industrial Manufacturing related to Industrial Safety Valves.   Job Profile :  -   Key Duties  &  Responsibilities Functional  €¢ Supporting the development of new product or value engineering projects  €¢ Making General Arrangement drawings of products  €¢ 3D modelling and drafting of Casted ,  machined and fabricated components.  €¢ Use of design module of ERP to release BOM  €¢ Interacting with customers and Manufacturing team to resolve technical questions.  Qualification s and Work Experience Education:  BE  (Mechanical ,  Production)  €¢ Experience in AutoCAD is Mandatory  €¢ 2D /  3D CAD experience preferably in Inventor or at least any 3D modelling CAD Software.  €¢ ERP experience will be preferred.  €¢ Knowledge about ASME ,  API and DIN standard is preferable  €¢ 2 to 5 years  (Preferably in Engineering products  &  in Manufacturing industry such as valves ,  pumps ,  pressure vessels. )  Knowledge ,  Skills /  Abilities  €¢ Basic engineering knowledge of Machining processes  &  fabrication.  €¢ Aware about GD & T ,  Machining processes ,  Casting Symbols  €¢ Knowledge of ASTM  &  DIN grade materials would be advantageous  €¢ Good written and oral English communication About Our Client Our Client is an German MNC ,  established Since 1954 ,  had built and provided safety devices and tank equipment ,  now with the help of more than 600 employees worldwide.  We are the technology leader within our area of expertise.  We provide global services for our customers which include research and development ,  application - specific engineering ,  overall protection system design and safety awareness training.  Our customers know they can rely on our research capabilities ,  engineering expertise and high quality products for the up and downstream oil and gas ,  petroleum ,  chemical ,  pharmaceutical ,  and bio - energy industries. Having an Worldwide Subsidiaries in Brazil  /  China  /  France  /  Austria  /  Russia  /  Spain  /  Switherland  /  UK  /   Hungary  /   USA.  Middle east etc.   Product Ranges related to Flame Arrestors  /   Valves  /   Tank Equipments  /   Lighting Protection.   If Interested ,  send us your updated Resume on [HIDDEN TEXT]  /   [HIDDEN TEXT] From ,   Ravi Dawra  /   Alka Kamat
Software Engineer  /   Big Commerce  -  Noida  ( Sector 63);Chetu India Private Limited;Noida;2 - 6 Years;400000 - 850000;• Experience to build new custom page in Big Commerce theme. • Experience to customize cart page with color switch in Big Commerce theme. • Experience to customize checkout page in big commerce theme. • Experience to add and manipulate additional attributes in product detail page and cart page. • Overall we need a person who have expert to customize big commerce Theme.
MECHANICAL ENGINEERS;International Trade Links;Saudi Arabia;5 - 10 Years;Not Specified;FREE RECRUITMENTM /  S AYTB ,  KSA FOR MAADEN PROJECT  MECHANICAL ENGINEERS5 years related maintenance experience within mining /  chemical /  petrochemical industry. Working experience in DAP /   PAP /   BENEFICIATION Plant or any Fertilizer plants. FOR DETAILS CONTACT MR.  DEEPAK 7907699904
New Vacuncy For Civil Engineers;Jailaxmi Enterprises;Pune;0 - 1 Years;110000 - 220000;"Hello sir , We have urgent Requirement for Civil Engineer. Job Type ; -  on roll , full time  (On Roll experience required.  0 - 1) About Salary :  -  As per your  interview . If any other Information contact us to 7887338944 (HR)"
Electrical Engineer;World Wide Consultancy;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore ,  Chennai;5 - 8 Years;Not Specified;ELECTRICAL ENGINEER  -  BE ELECTRICAL ,  MINIMUM 5YEARS IN DESIGN OF ELECTRICAL POWER DISTRIBUTION SYSTEM FOR LARGE PROJECTS , KNOWLEDGE OF ETAP SOFTWARE NECESSARY  (CANDIDATES WHO HAVE WORKED WITH CONCULTANCY ORGANISATIONS WILL BE PREFERRED)
Mechanical Engineer Electrical Engineer Production maintenance Quality Control;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineer Electrical Engineer Production maintenance Quality Control 8879898561MUMBAI /  NAVI MUMBAIHEAD OFFICE   interview : AAJ   MAI HAICALL NOW: 8879898561CONTACT AROHI MAMAGE:  ABOVE 18 TO 35SALARY:  12K TO 20KEDUCATION : DIPLOMA IN MECHANICAL                         BACHELOR IN TECHNOLOGY                        BACHELOR IN MECHANICAL ENGINEERING SKILLS:  AUTOCAD /  SOLIDWORKS EXPERIENCE: 0 TO 6 MONTHS IN PRODUCTION /  QUALITY CONTROL /  MAINTENANCE /  DESIGNING /  MANUFACTURING.  location : THANE /  NAVI MUMBAI /  DADAR /  GOREGAO /  CST /  GHATKOPAR /  SION /  BORIVLI /  KALYAN /  NEAR BY YOUR  location GENDER: MALE FEMALE BOTH CAN APPLYSHIFT TIME:  10 AM TO 6 PM (DAY SHIFT) WEEKLY OFF: SUNDAY OR SATURDAY SUNDAY BASDED ON THE COMPANY interview  TIME: 10AM TO 5PMLIMITED
Service Manager;Meghjit Power Solutions Llp;Kolkata;6 - 8 Years;Not Specified;"a)  You will be responsible for handling the entire Service Department of our organization. b)  It includes Installation  &  Commissioning of the UPS system ,  battery bank and other items at customer premises. c)  It includes attending breakdown calls ,  repairing ,  preventive maintenance and AMC. d)  It includes maintain top class service level; follow the defined TAT ,  safety and testing parameters recommended by OEMs ,  use proper tools ,  maintain hygiene at work place and discipline. e)  It includes development of customer relationship and development of customer base. f)  It includes maintain inventory of Spares ,  tools and accessories. g)  It includes receiving calls and quick response. h)  It includes attend sites on 24X7 basis as and when required."
Urgent Hiring For Civil Site Engineer Jobs  (7838990196);Bright Talent pathway;Ahmedabad ,  Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description  (Urgent opening for B. tech  ,  diploma holders) Dear candidates , 1) Requirement available in Site Engineer  &  Quality engineer. 2)  Qualification :  - B. tech /  Diploma Civil  (Freshers) . 3) Vacancies:  - 40. 4) Job  location :  -  All India. 5) Experience:  - Freshers. 6) Salary:   -  As per Industry 7) Duty:   -  8 hours Interested candidates please call - 7838990196 , 8375099878) Email Id : [HIDDEN TEXT]    HR Team   Regards
Mechanical Engineer Electrical Engineer Civil Engineer;null;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore ,  Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;;360000 - 520000;"Assures system and product quality by designing testing methods; testing finished - product and system capabilities; and confirming fabrication ,  assembly ,  and installation processes. Prepares product reports by collecting ,  analyzing ,  and summarizing information and trends.  Provides engineering information by answering questions and requests.  Maintains product and company reputation by complying with government regulations.  Keeps equipment operational by coordinating maintenance and repair services; following manufacturer’s instructions and established procedures; and requesting special services."
Fire Safety ,  Safety Officer ,  Safety Engineer  ,  fire and safety;null;Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Fire Safety ,  Safety Officer ,  Safety Engineer  ,  fire and safety job fresher internship 7045139908salary - 12000 -  weekly off :  sunday  interview  Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to Friday  meet hr -   shital  - 7045139908
E & TC engineer;Ganesh System;Pune;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Post :  -  E & TC engineer  Education :  -  Diploma  /   degree in E & TC  Gender :  -  Both male  &  female can apply  Experience :  -  0 - 1   Salary :  -  No bar to right candidate Company type :  -  Manufacturing   location  :  -  Dhankawadi  For  interview  schedule visit our Ganesh Systems placement office or call on 9850380707 Ganesh Systems  -  Placement service IT  ,  NON IT , Engineering And ALL Address : Shahu Colony Lane No  -  11  , Near Cummins college , Karve Nagar  ,  Pune – 411052 Call  &  Come :  9850380707 Monday  -  Saturday 9: 00 Am To 7: 00 pm Sunday Closed
Civil Engineer ,  Site Engineer ,  Site Supervisor ,  Maintenance ,  Design Jobs For Freshers 9167273892;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Civil Engineer ,  Site Engineer ,  Site Supervisor ,  Maintenance ,  Design Jobs For Freshers 9167273892 Mumbai /  Navi Mumbai Head Office    interview  Aaj   Me Hai. . . Call Now :  Jaya 9167273892 Age 18 to 35 Salary 12k to 18k  (Depended on  interview ) Both Candidate Can Apply Fresher Can Apply Head Office   Carry CV ,  Passport Size Photo Walk in  interview
Urgent opening for CIVIL ENGINEERS in Bahrain;I Square Consultancy;Bahrain;2 - 7 Years;Not Specified;We are looking for CIVIL ENGINEERS to Bahrain. Description  Job Position :  Civil Engineer  Qualification  : Diploma  /   Degree Experience :  2 to 7 years  (gulf experience can apply - ) Age :  21  -  40 years Salary : 250BD  -  350BD  (47 , 000RS  -  66 , 000RS) Contract Period :  GCC EXPERIENCE  AIR Ticket Free Accommodation  ,  Transportation  &  Medical are company providing  (No Food ) Matching profile send us your complete documents to [HIDDEN TEXT]  Contact  /   Whats app :  +91 9986933319
Electrical Engineer;Karan IT Solutions;Ahmedabad ,  Kolkata;0 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Electrical &  electronics engineer Fresher  Qualification   - Diploma /  B. tech An electronics  &  Communication engineer is someone who designs and develops new electrical equipment ,  solves problems and tests. Please feel free to apply.  Should   have diploma or degree in Electrical or Electronics engineering ,  Knowledge with handling design ,  engineering ,  manufacturing  /   assembly ,  commissioning  &  after sales support for traction power electronics.
Civil Engineer , Site engineer , Diploma Civil , Site supervisor , Site Engineer , Civil Site Engineer Jobs;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;300000 - 700000;Civil Engineer , Site engineer , Diploma Civil , Site supervisor , Site Engineer , Civil Site Engineer Jobs  Grab the Golden Opportunity. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  For more details call 9167951498 Kindly walk in with resume  &  walk out with offer letter between 9. 30am  -  5pm  location   -  Thane  ,  Mumbai  &  Navi Mumbai Candidates from Central line can apply Job  location  :  -  Near By Age :   - 18 to 35 Salary :   -  12k to 18k PF and Attactive Incentive Job Timing :   -  9: 30 to 6: 30  /   10: 00 to 7: 00 Male Can Apply  Only Fresher Can  Apply Carry CV and Passport Size Photo Walk In  interview  In Thane HEAD OFFICE IN THANE CALL NOW HR POOJA :   -  9167951498
Sales Engineer;Ganesh System;Pune;1 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Post :  -  Sales engineer  Education :  -  Any but experience  Must    Gender :  -  Male only  Experience :  -  1 - 2    Salary :  -  No bar to right candidate Company type :  -  Electronic   location  :  -  Shivane For  interview  schedule visit our Ganesh Systems placement office or call on 9850380707 Ganesh Systems  -  Placement service IT  ,  NON IT , Engineering And ALL Address : Shahu Colony Lane No  -  11  , Near Cummins college , Karve Nagar  ,  Pune – 411052 Call  &  Come :  9850380707 Monday  -  Saturday 9: 00 Am To 7: 00 pm Sunday Closed
Construction Engineer;null;Canada;3 - 9 Years;Not Specified; -  Manage the construction effort and be the construction representative of our company with Client.  -  To plan ,  develop and organize the construction effort to formulates.  -  the most cost - effective plan to timely completion within budget and to implement the execution of that plan.  - Participate in the conceptual development of a construction project and oversee its organization ,  scheduling ,  and implementation.
Mechanical Engineer ,   Mechanical Design ,   Automobile Engineer ,   Oil  &  Gas job 9152214394;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineer ,  Mechanical Design ,  Automobile Engineer ,  Oil  &  Gas ,  Piping job 9152214394  Salary Offered:  - 12000 to 25000 Per month  Education :  - Diploma in Mechanical preferred Bachelor of Technology  (B. Tech)   /   Bachelor of Engineering  (B. E. )  in Mechanical preferred Skills:  -  CATIA ,  Autocad ,  Solidworks Experience:  - 0 to 6 month Experience  Mechanical Engineer in Manufacturing  /   Engineering or Automobile preferred  location :  - thane  /   sion  /   andheri  /   virar  /   mira rd /   vashi  /   panvel  /   kandiwali  /   goregaon  /   malad  /   krula  Gender:  -  Male  &  Female preferred Age :  - Above 18   Shift Time :  - 10:  00 am  -  6: 00 pm  (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday  interview  Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person:  - priti Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  - 9152214394
General Manager  (Real Estate)  /   Deputy General Manager;Kored Infratech Private Limited;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;10 - 15 Years;500000 - 2000000;"""Acquisition: ? Accountable for all aspects of land acquisition and development of property sites and projects. ? Managing day - to - day activities of land procurement function in terms of co - ordination with land owners ,  agencies ,  government agencies ,  consultants etc. ? Responsible to negotiate with land owners  &  finalize the deal ? Liasoning with Gov. departments ,  Public  &  Private sector organizations ,  prospective clients  /   purchasers and property owners ,  as well as Advocates and real estate Consultants ? Identifying potential sites for new residential /  commercial developments ? Evaluate economic viability of projects and prepare cost analysis Execution: ? Successfully run multiple projects simultaneously ,  and ensure project is consistent with time and scope. ? Preparing the site and liaising with other construction professionals such as architects ,  engineers ,  buyers ,  estimators and surveyors before construction work starts ? Planning &  Scheduling:  Developing the programme of work and strategy for making the project happen. ? Execution of Residential  &  Commercial Buildings of high quality standard within the estimated cost budget ,  and estimated time frame. ? Resource Mobilization:  Mobilization  &  demobilization of resource requirement:  like Material ,  Staff ,  Labour ,  Machinery ,  Form - work ,  Contractors ,  Subcontractors ,  Vendors and Specialized agencies as per the Construction Schedule  &  priorities.  Also ,  Estimation of timely additional resources requirement  &  mobilization by follow - up from higher management. ? Selection ,  Appointment and Management of Consultants ,  Contractors ,  Vendors and Specialized agencies. ? Project execution as per the stipulated norms within the estimated cost ,  timeline  &  quality.  ?Monitoring anticipating any possible delays and take advance actions. ? Frequent site visits to different project sites; and coordination with site team on daily basis to lead sites progress as per baseline  &  priorities. ? Adherence to HSE  (Health ,  Safety  &  Environment)  statutes and norms. ? Adhering to Government and Municipal rules and norms during Project execution. ? Daily ,  weekly  &  monthly progress reports per construction schedule  &  priorities. ? MIS report and other management costing reports. Sales: ? Promote sales of properties through advertisements ,  open houses ,  and participation in multiple listing services. ? Planning and achieving Sales Growth for the assigned project in line with the companys objectives. ? Assigning targets to team by category and being accountable for the overall teams performance. ? Training and Development of the Team members. ? Responsible for revenue and collections. ? Gather market Intelligence on competitors and their activities. ? Responsible for achieving targets set by the organization. """
Mechanical Engineer ,   ,  Production Engineer ,  Automobile Engineering.  Qulaity Control8425014502;null;Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineer ,  Production Engineer ,  Automobile Engineering.  Quality Control job 8425014502salary Offered:  - 12000 to 18000 Per month Education:  - Bachelor of Technology  (B. Tech)  /    (Diploma)  Bachelor of Engineering  (B. E. )  mandatory skill:  - Production /   Quality Control /   Maintenance  /   Solid Works  /   auto cad Mechanical Designer knowledge  location :  - thane ,  kalyan ,  dadar  /   bhandup  /   sion  /   vashi ,   /   panvel ,   /   new Mumbai  /   belapur  /  andheri /   mira rd  /   vasai kandiwali Experience :  - Freshers  &  6 month Experience Mechanical Engineer , Automobile ,  Mechanical Design preferred Gender:  -  Male  /   female preferred Shift Time :  - 10: 30 am  -  6: 30 pm  (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday meet hr -  tejal - 8425014502
Hardware Engineer ,  Network Engineer ,  Desktop Support Engineer internship 9819440172;null;Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Hardware Engineer ,  Network Engineer ,  Desktop Support Engineer internship 9819440172salary Offered:  - 12000 to 18000 Per month   Education:  - Bachelor of Technology  (B. Tech)  /    (ITI )   (Diploma)  Bachelor of Engineering  (B. E. )  mandatory Gender:  -  Male  &  Female preferred Shift Time :  - 10:  00 am  -  6: 30 pm  (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday only Mumbai  candidates can apply  interview  Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to Friday  only  Mumbai candidate can apply meet hr pooja - 9819440172job skill - Arranging scheduled upgrades Investigating faults in the network Updating network equipment to the latest firmware releases Reporting network status to key stakeholders Network Engineer job  Qualification s and requirements Computer science Computer software /  computer systems engineering Computer systems and networks Electrical /  electronic engineering Mathematics Network security management Physics
Trainee Design Engineer in Automotive /  Aero /  Home Appliance Engineering Design Industry;E - Mug Engineering Services Private Limited;Chennai ,  Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;0 - 3 Years;Not Specified;We are looking for Trainee Design Engineer in Automotive /  Aero /  Home Appliance Engineering Design Industry Note:  Admission only after qualifying the selection process  -  Engineering Tests  &  F2F  interview  and CAD TestAnd Terms and Conditions Applicable Job Narrative: ? Good Knowledge on Engineering Drawing ? New product development knowledge  /   product design ? Have knowledge of Standards regularly used for Design ? Responsible for the design development ,  detail drawing in 2D  &  3D Modelling• ? Able to create Design concepts ? Responsible to integrate various parts to create integrated Assembly Modelling along with assembly animation. ? Good knowledge of Design of Body in White  (Under Body ,  Upper Body ,  Closures and Body Panels etc. ) . ? Design of Interior  (Door Trims ,  Headliners ,  Instrument Panel ,  Pillar Trims etc. ) ? Design of Exterior  (Bumper ,  Wheel Arch liner ,  Spoiler and Mirrors etc) ? Deign of BIW Fixtures Design ? Have knowledge of various types’ material and properties. ? Have knowledge of sheet metal and Plastic ?  Understanding of various manufacturing processes ,  sheet metal fabrication ,  Injection moulding ,  pressure die       casting ,  forging and machining etc. ?  Good knowledge of Material properties and GD & T. ?  Should   have Positive thinking along with Positive attitude ,  excellent interpersonal skills. ? Strong believer of systematic  &  team approach. ? Adaptability towards new surrounding  &  enthusiastic towards new aspects of works. ? Good inter - personal relations  &  communication skills. ? Initiative  &  like to be a team member for achieving targeted goals. ? Direct Walk - in into the Our Office ? Emug engineering services ,  ameerpet ,  Opp:  Big bazar ,  Vamshee estates ,  2nd floor ,  Ameerpet.  Hyderabad ? For More Information Contact HR :  9515120648 /  040 - 66836983 After successful completion of the program and clearing the tests ,  candidates will be given offer Letter in emug engineering services and placed at our client  location  and Our Project division. Terms and Conditions Applicable for Training Period Education UG:  B. Tech /  B. E.  in Mechanical ,  Production.  Aero ,  CITD. NTTF ,  Diploma in Mechanical PG:  M. Tech in Mechanical /  Production /  Design /  CAD /  CAM
Fire And Safety  Safety Officer  Safety Engineer  ,;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Fire And Safety Safety Officer Safety Engineer  ,  job 9152076965  Qualification  :  Diploma salary :  12000 to 25000   location  :  thane ,  kalyan ,  dadar  /   bhandup  /   sion vashi ,  panvel ,  new Mumbai  /   belapur andheri /   mira rd  /   vasai kandiwali freshers and experiace candidate both can apply Gender :  male  &  female preferred  Age :  18 to 35 shift time :  9. 30 am to 6. 30 pm weekly working day :  6 days weekly off :  sunday contact person :  hr neha contact Details :  9152076965
Opening For Fresher Mechanical  Engineer Both Candidate Can Apply 8422051372;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Opening For Fresher Mechanical Engineer Both Candidate Can Apply 8422051372  Mumbai /  New Mumbai /   Head Office    interview  Aaj   Me Hai Call Now:  - Jenni 8422051372Age 18 to 35 Salary 12k to 18k (Depended on  interview ) Male /  Female Candidate Can Apply Fresher Can Apply Head Office   Carry CV , Passport Size Photo Walk In  interview Hurry Up Guys Urgent Vacancy For Fresher
Head  -  Process Engineering;null;Coimbatore;12 - 20 Years;Not Specified;Primary: • Continuous Monitoring  &  Improvement of existing Processes •  (technology ,  methods ,  fixturing ,  gauging ,  yield /   efficiency ,  cycle times ,  change over times ,  rejections ,  consumables …. ) • Identifying new technology  /   processes  /   methods for application • Defining New Processes Equipments  /   Machines  -  specs  /   technical requirements  &  Tech Review Team Management: • Process Design  -  Process Flow ,  Process Parameters Definitions • PFMEA • Detailed Design of Production Aids  (Fixtures , …. . ) • Process Proving • Process Documentation Control  &  Release • Support for NPD  /   Product proving • Support for Q improvement • Support for Engineering Changes • Operational ,  Processes ,  People ,  Resources ,  Morale /   Work Culture • Represent Process Engineering in Cross Functional ,  Management Meetings
Technical Service Desk Engineer;Fidelis Corporate Solutions Private Limited;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore ,  Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;1 - 6 Years;Not Specified;Job Description:    Provide a single point of contact for the agreed Financial services tool Monitor the Financial services tool for open and pending tickets raised by Customers end - user. Receive incidents ,  service requests ,  queries ,  and change requests from Customers end users or IT staff through one of the agreed modes of communication Log tickets in the helpdesk tool on behalf of users making service requests over phone and  /  or email. Log tickets generated by alerts in the tools. For all logged tickets ,  record the correct category ,  severity ,  problem description ,  and user information as per the predefined matrix Assign the incidents to appropriate technical group and categorize into appropriate severity or priority group Provide first level support for the issues using available knowledge base and standard operating procedures wherever possible  (Updates of Pending Calls ,  Process for any request ,  Transferring calls to respective teams for information) Route calls to the appropriate support team such as user management group ,  mail management group. Route calls to the vendors in case of issues pertaining to vendors Follow up with Backend ,  Apps ,  Client Support ,  Vendor or Customers technical team for incident status and manage  notification s and escalation Update incident status to users periodically and as per the communication standards Escalating the Issues to Team Leads ,  Ops Manager and Crisil Manager ,  if not getting any support from the teams. Manage the temporary deployment of IT assets for meetings ,  WFH or otherwise and ensure the same are returned back to IT Team Taking the Feedback from users for Helpdesk Support Publishing Critical Incident  notification \Planned Activity  notification  to User and Management  Required Candidate profile  1.  Min 1+ years experience as Technical Service desk engineer 2.  Experience in call handling and working on ticketing /  helpdesk tools 3.  Good English Communication and writing Skills 4.  Knowledge of MS office and ticketing tools 5.  Graduate from English medium 6.  Good Email Etiquettes and Telephone Etiquettes
Senior Planning Engineer  - Cross country Pipe Line /  Compressor Erection  &  comm.  Project - Emarat Aloula;SMC International Placements;United Arab Emirates;12 - 15 Years;Not Specified;Salary AED 22000 - 24000 Education:  B. E in Mechanical Engineering Experience:  12 - 15 Years JOB DESCRIPTION :  The candidiate  Should   have expereince in EPC projects in Oil and Gas especially in Pipe Line Projects.  UAE /   GCC Expereince is  Must .   Should   have knowledge of Planning software such as Primavera or similar.
Instrumentation Engineer;World Wide Consultancy;Bengaluru  /   Bangalore ,  Chennai;5 - 7 Years;Not Specified; Qualification :  B. E.  Instrumentation Engineering.    • Experience:  minimum 5 years in design and engineering of P & IDs ,  logic control drawings ,  DCS ,  all process systems etc. .  •  Candidates who have worked with Consultancy Organizations will be preferred.
Hiring for Service engineer;Kasento Engineers;Chennai;2 - 6 Years;Not Specified;Job Role:  Service engineer Salary  :  CTC 1. 5 to 2 Per annumExperience :   Should   have more than 1 years of experience in Elevators Filed two wheeler  Must .
Job For Electrical Engineer , Electrical design engineer , Electrical officer , Electrical executive;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Urgent Opening for Electrical Engineer , Electrical design engineer , Electrical officer , Electrical executive ,  fresher  Should   be apply call now : 9820768372 Salary :  12000 - 18000 Qualification  :  DiplomaAge : 18 - 30Job  location  :  navi Mumbai  location  Job  location  :  near by One time  interview  in Thane eastFresher  Should   be applyMore than information Hr Liza mam
Planning Engineer - Cross country Pipe Line /  Compressor Erection  &  comm.  Project - Emarat Aloula Abu Dhabi;SMC International Placements;United Arab Emirates;8 - 12 Years;Not Specified;Salary AED 15000 - 18000 Education:  B. E in Mechanical Engineering Experience:  8 - 12 Years JOB DESCRIPTION :   The candidiate  Should   have expereince in EPC projects in Oil and Gas especially in Pipe Line Projects.  UAE /   GCC Expereince is  Must .   Should   have knowledge of Planning software such as Primavera or similar.
Embedded Engineer;Ganesh System;Pune;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Post :  -  Embedded engineer Education :  -  Any  Gender :  -  Both male  &  female can apply  Experience :  -  0 - 2    Salary :  -  No bar to right candidate Company type :  -  Software   location  :  -  Akurdi  For  interview  schedule visit our Ganesh Systems placement office or call on 9850380707 Ganesh Systems  -  Placement service IT  ,  NON IT , Engineering And ALL Address : Shahu Colony Lane No  -  11  , Near Cummins college , Karve Nagar  ,  Pune – 411052 Call  &  Come :  9850380707 Monday  -  Saturday 9: 00 Am To 7: 00 pm Sunday Closed
Safety Manager;Metro Jobs Consultants;Delhi ,  Noida;8 - 12 Years;Not Specified;Safety Manager  Qualification :   -  Graduate Industries:   -  Construction  /  Infra Job Description To successfully manage ,  plan and direct all aspects of the Project (s)  including assisting clients and partners in the technology deployment thereby ensuring its profitable ,  timely and cost effective completion while ensuring quality of work and healthy client relations WITH THE OBJECTIVE OF preserving the company image and securing further work.  Be the Subject Matter Expert in the area of expertise Interested Candidate Please send their updated Resume  &  Call on this Number 7827036029 /  011 - 46107515  &   ([HIDDEN TEXT]) With Regards ,  MJC  (P)  LTD Contact Number:   -  9990725507 ,  7827036029  &  011 - 46107515
Mechanical engineer , Design Engineer , CAD Draftsman;Karan IT Solutions;Delhi ,  Pune;0 - 5 Years;Not Specified; Should   be Degree or Diploma Holder  (Mech. )  Experienced user ,  good knowledge of Autocad ,  MS Office ,  MS Project ,  MEP software and ERP  (Baan ,  SAP or similar)  will be preferred  , Preparing 2D ,  3D drawings.  Piping knowledge.  Preparing Bill of Material.  Preparing GA  &  fabrication drawing ,  general arrangment drawing ,  isometric drawings.  Preparing Piping layouts.
Mechanical Engineer;Gulf Visa International;Vietnam;5 - 15 Years;2470000 - 4340000;Job   &  Responsibility Mechanical engineers typically do the following: Analyze problems to see how mechanical and thermal devices might help solve the problem Design or redesign mechanical and thermal devices using analysis and computer - aided design Develop and test prototypes of devices they design Analyze the test results and change the design as needed Oversee the manufacturing process for the device Mechanical engineers design and oversee the manufacturing of many products ranging from medical devices to new batteries. Mechanical engineers design power - producing machines such as electric generators ,  internal combustion engines ,  and steam and gas turbines as well as power - using machines ,  such as refrigeration and air - conditioning systems. Mechanical engineers design other machines inside buildings ,  such as elevators and escalators.  They also design material - handling systems ,  such as conveyor systems and automated transfer stations. Like other engineers ,  mechanical engineers use computers extensively.  Computers help mechanical engineers create and analyze designs ,  run simulations and test how a machine is likely to work ,  and generate specifications for parts.
Opening For Fresher Mechanical Engineer Both Candidate Can Apply 9167273892;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Opening For Fresher Mechanical Engineer Both Candidate Can Apply 9167273892  MUMBAI /  NAVI MUMBAI HEAD OFFICE    interview  AAJ   ME HAI. . . CALL NOW :  Jaya 9167273892Quilification :  -  10th  &  12TH Age  (18 to 35 ) Salary 12k to 18k  (Depended On  interview ) Male /  Female Candidate Can Apply Fresher Can Apply Head Office   (E) Carry CV. Passport Size Photo Walk In  interview
Project Engineer Electrical - Crosscountry PipeLine /  Compresor Erection  &  comm.  Project - EmaratAloula;SMC International Placements;United Arab Emirates;8 - 12 Years;Not Specified;Salary AED 15000 - 18000 Education:  B. E in Electrical Engineering Experience:  8 - 12 Years JOB DESCRIPTION :        The candidiate  Should   have expereince in EPC project in Oil and Gas especially in Pipe Line  /   Compression Projects.  UAE /   GCC Expereince is  Must .
Safety Officer , Industrial Safety ,  Safety Supervisor ,  Fire Safety ,  Construction Safety job 9152214394;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Safety Officer , Industrial Safety ,  Safety Supervisor ,  Fire Safety ,  Construction Safety job 9152214394 Salary Offered:  - 12000 to 25000 Per month Education:  - Bachelor of Technology  (B. Tech)    (Diploma)  Bachelor of Engineering  (B. E. )  mandatory Experience:  -  Fresher to 6 month of experience as preferred Gender:  -  male preferred   location :  - thane  /   masjid bunder  /   andheri  /   mirard  /   vasai  /   vashi  /   panvel  /   kandiwali  /   goregaon  /   malad  /   krula  Age :  - Above 18   Shift Time :  - 10:  00 am  -  6: 00 pm  (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday  interview  Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person:  - priti Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  - 9152214394
opening for fire and safety , safety engineer , supervisor  - 9819440172;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;;Not Specified;opening for fire and safety  - 9819440172 Education:  Diploma in Fire safety  /  12th /  iti /  diploma ADIS  ( Diploma in Industrial Safety) only male can apply this job Experience:  -  Fresher to 6 month of experience as preferred  location :  - thane ,   /   sion  /   vashi  /   panvel  /   navi Mumbai  /   andheri  /   goregaon  /   mira rd  /   vasai  /   kurla age - 18 to 35   Salary:  12000 to 18000  per month Industry:  Construction ,  Engineering ,  Cement ,  Metals Functional Area:  Site Engineering  ,  Project Management Role Category:  Site Engineering Role:  Construction - Construction Management Employment Type:  Permanent Job ,  Full Time Gender:  -  Male  &  Female preferred Shift Time :  - 9: 30 am  -  6: 30 pm  (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :  - 6 Days Weekly off :  - sunday ,  interview  Time:  -  10: 00 am  -  5: 00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person:  - pooja Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  - 9819440172
AVP ,  Reliability Engineer;Winx Consulting Services;Hyderabad  /   Secunderabad;8 - 18 Years;Not Specified;AVP  -  Site Reliability Engineer JD India  (L10) Role Summary /  Purpose: Billions of  transaction  s—and you’ll touch all of them if you join our IT team as an Assistant Vice President ,  Site Reliability Engineer.  Imagine the sheer scale of what we impact every second of every day.  Now imagine what you can do with that influence— this is where you can shape the future of digital payments. As an Assistant Vice President ,  Site Reliability Engineer ,  you will be a main architect and leader of our java full - stack development process.  You will participate in hack - a - thons , partner with universities on innovation events ,  work with our Innovation Stations —you’ll bring us ideas about how to do things differently.  You’ll be defining what Software Engineering means here—and how it can affect the entire industry. It’s the ideal time to come aboard—we’re focused on the future ,  continuing to evolve as a company and help define the financial technology industry.  With so much opportunity available ,  this is where you can make your mark. You’re the one we’re looking for if you: Are passionate about creating cutting - edge UIs and APIs that can empower a Fortune 200 company • Have common sense—can you think through your designs to make sure they’re the best? Are a coder who’s also a problem solver ,  capable of creating elegant ,  testable code that’s robust and scalable • Are ready to be disruptive and interesting in the commerce space • Can work with product ,  marketing and project management as one agile team • Are ready to own your own career and destiny • Value results • Have tech chops:  Java Spring development background is ideal Essential Responsibilities: • Lead a cross - shore development team to build and support several web solutions and platforms • Architect and design complex and distributed applications • Assist with strategic and tactical planning of technology • Ensure high standards of quality ,  availability ,  scalability ,  performance and security of internally developed applications • Mentor and influence up and down the chain of command • Participate in Agile sprints with cross - functional teams involving multiple technologies ,  personnel and processes • Identify new opportunities to drive technology innovation ,  system improvements and simplifications • Analyse production defects ,  troubleshoot systems ,  identify root cause and implement fixes • Work closely with an experienced staff comprising both Synchrony resources and 3rd party contractors • Perform other duties and /  or special projects as assigned • Communicate the status of technical stacks and initiatives to stakeholders and leadership  Qualification s /  Requirements: • Bachelor’s degree and a minimum 10 years of experience in Enterprise Java Technologies • Minimum of 4 years of full stack development using Spring and other JEE frameworks • Minimum 3 years of application design and build experience using webservices Desired Characteristics: • Strong working knowledge of fintech Industry as it relates to consumer financing • Deep experience building and consuming web services via SOAP and REST • Deep Agile expertise • Critical thinking and creativity • Strong Java Spring development skills • Experience with dependency management tools like Maven or Gradle • Experience with continuous integration environments like Jenkins • Experience building and deploying application on Pivotal Cloud Foundry • Experience with writing unit ,  integration ,  and UI test cases • Working knowledge of the mobile industry including HTML5 ,  mobile web • Experience with Reactive and Responsive UI frameworks
HVAC  (SP3D)  Engineer /   Designer   -   Gurgaon;Vegazva Engineering Private Limited;Gurgaon  /   Gurugram;6 - 15 Years;Not Specified;Greetings from Vegazva Engineering!! Vegazva is a leading Engineering Consultancy providing Engineering services and Information Technology Services Position:  HVAC  (SP3D)  engineer /  Designer SP3D  location :  Gurgaon Job Details: • Graduate with Min 6 to 15 years of experience. • Contract Duration:  1 year Contractual  (Extendable) • Salary as per Man hour rates.   Note:  If interested ,  please send me a updated CV with following details.   Position: Relevant experience:  Qualification : Experience: Mobile Number Alternate mobile No - Current CTC:  - Notice period:  - Thanks  &  Regards , Annu Jain Senior recruiter Office :  124. 4521. 970 | [HIDDEN TEXT] | vegazva. com 411 ,  Spaze I Tech Park ,  Tower A ,  Sector - 49 | Gurgaon | Haryana | 122018 | India
Liferaft Service Engineer  /   Technician;Minivel Services LLP;Saudi Arabia;2 - 3 Years;Not Specified;Liferaft Service Engineer  /   Technician Responsibility:   Responsible for inspection ,  service and repair of all liferaft that company is servicing  Ensure all activity is inline with company set policy and procedure  Ensure all servicing of liferaft are as per schedule set by department  Prepare all documents as necessary  Responsible for internal audit for liferaft  Represent the company during external audit for liferaft  Minimum  Qualification :   Bachelor degree  (graduate of Mechanical Engineering ,  Marine Engineering or related courses)  23 Years work experience  Knowledge in marine  /   oil and gas  Knows how to drive  Computer literate i. e.  Microsoft office
Opportunities for Electronics and Telecommunication Engineers in Canada CHKa;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Canada;5 - 15 Years;1800000 - 3400000;"Suggested Job Duties:    Electronics Engineers : • discuss proposals with clients; • work with colleagues to design new systems ,  circuits and devices or develop existing technology; • test theoretical designs; • write specifications and technical reports; • follow defined development processes; • systematically improve the detailed design of a piece of electronic equipment; • ensure that a product will work with devices developed by others ,  can be made again reliably ,  and will perform consistently in specified operating environments; • create user - friendly interfaces; • ensure safety regulations are met; • carry out project planning and prepare budgets; • supervise technicians ,   crafts   people and other colleagues.   Telecommunication Engineers : • carrying out site surveys; • travelling to meet suppliers ,  customers and colleagues based in other offices; • negotiating product requirements with customers; • providing technical guidance to colleagues and other teams; • finding creative solutions to the challenges of network design ,  mobile communications ,  data service requirements and internet and network signalling protocols; • testing theoretical designs; • attending conferences and seminars to network and keep up to date with the latest developments in the sector; • liaising with internal and external customers."
Billing Engineer;iQuest Management Consultants Private Limited;Pune;1 - 6 Years;Not Specified;Job Description: 1)  Verification of vendor RA bills  &  Customers Approved Quantities 2)  Preparation  &  Submission of Tax Invoices to Customer 3) Vendor Payment follow up with procurement  &  finance 4) Payment follow up with customer 5)  Monthly Payment Reconciliation for Vendors and Customer 6)  MS Office  ,  Knowledge of CAD ,  ERP Tally. 7)  Exp in PRE Engineering building  (Structural Projects)  Turnkey Projects Mandatory
Opportunities for Production Engineer in Canada NPSu;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia ,  Canada;9 - 14 Years;1600000 - 2800000;Suggested Job Duties: • Develop and conduct production ,  inventory and quality assurance programs in manufacturing or in other industries • Design plant layouts and production  facilities     • Develop and carry out work study and related programs • Develop and carry out industrial health ,  safety and fire prevention plans and programs and conduct safety training programs • Develop applications using CAD /  CAM  (computer - assisted drafting ,  computer - assisted manufacturing)  for the control of robots ,  computer numerical control  (CNC)  machines and other manufacturing processes and operations.
Opportunities for Production Engineer in Canada DPRGi;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia ,  Canada;3 - 8 Years;1600000 - 2800000;Suggested Job Duties: • Develop and conduct production ,  inventory and quality assurance programs in manufacturing or in other industries • Design plant layouts and production  facilities     • Develop and carry out work study and related programs • Develop and carry out industrial health ,  safety and fire prevention plans and programs and conduct safety training programs • Develop applications using CAD /  CAM  (computer - assisted drafting ,  computer - assisted manufacturing)  for the control of robots ,  computer numerical control  (CNC)  machines and other manufacturing processes and operations.
Sales Engineer  Application Engineer;null;Mumbai ,  Pune ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai;5 - 8 Years;1200000 - 1400000;Responsibilities – Primary: • Assist outside sales team with quick response for achieving their territory and market business plans. • Preparation of complete technical and commercial quotations • Review of complete specification of the tender. • Suitable Product selections from the software or catalogues based on the specifications • Review the technical comments from the customer and prepare a reply to all the comments • Help to resolve internal and external technical support requests or issues related to product selection , application ,  specification ,  installation ,  etc. . . • Contract Review technically and commercially after receipt of order • Travel as needed with outside Sales Team to support presentation and trade show activities. • Discussion and negotiations with suppliers as an when required • Maintain expert level of product knowledge and application. Additional: • Resolve customer issues or difficulties in a manner that is consistent with the company mission ,  values , and financial objectives. • Maintain professional business relationships with target or assigned accounts. • Provide status of ongoing projects and future projects. • Identify and communicate customers needs and sales opportunities to help future growth Required Skills and Experience: • Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical Engineering with at least 5 years of experience in engineering equipment’s like pumps ,  valves ,  engines ,  compressors ,  etc. • Requires knowledge of industrial products and rotating equipment and /  or applications within the Oil  & Gas ,  Power Generation and other processing industries • Excellent written ,  oral and verbal communication skills in English ,  a proficiency in MS Office and an understanding of CRM systems • Clear ,  respective and effective oral and written communications skills • High results - driven attitude • Able to work with minimal supervision • Ready to travel within and outside India
Urgent opening for Mechanical Engineer Mechanical Design Engineer Maintenance Engineer 915207696;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Urgent opening for Mechanical Engineer Mechanical Design Engineer Maintenance Engineer 915207696 salary :  Salary:  - 12000 To 18000 Per Month  Qualification :  - Diploma  & Be  , B. tech Pass Candidate Can Apply For This job Experience:  - Fresher  &  6 Month Experience As Mechanical Engineering As preferred  location :  - thane  /   vashi  /   andheri  /   new mumbai  /   dadar  /  mirard  /   vasai  /   ghatkoper  /   Gender:  -  Male /   Female  preferred Shift Time :  - 9:  30 am  -  6: 30 pm  (day shift) Weekly Working Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  -  Sunday  interview  Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to Friday Contact Person:  -  Anjali Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  - 9152076966 Job Opening:  - Limited Vacancy
mechanical Engineer   , mechanical  Maintenance  Design Engineer job 9152076965;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;mechanical Engineer  , mechanical Maintenance Design Engineer job 9152076965  Qualification  :  Bachelor of Technology  (B. Tech)  /    (Diploma)  Bachelor of Engineering  (B. E. )  mandatory salary :  12000 to 20000   location  :  thane ,  kalyan ,  dadar  /   bhandup  /   sion vashi ,  panvel ,  new Mumbai  /   belapur andheri /   mira rd  /   vasai kandiwali freshers and experiace candidate both can apply Gender :  male  &  female preferred shift time :  9. 30 am to 6. 30 pm weekly working day :  6 days weekly off :  sunday contact person :  hr neha contact Details :  9152076965
Mechanical Engineer , Electrical engineer , Maintenance engineer , qulity , Production Manager;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Mechanical Engineer , Electrical engineer , Maintenance engineer , qulity , Production Manager , 9619184652 Salary Offered:  - 12000 to 18000 Per month  Education :  -  diploma  &  degree completed Experience :  - 0 to 6 month Experience can apply for this job  location :  - THANE  /   dadar  /   sion  /   vashi  /   koperkhairne  /   panvel  /   andheri  /   mira rd  /   goregaon  /   vasai Gender:  -  Male  candidate can both can apply Shift Time :  - 9:  30 am  -  6: 30 pm  (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :  - 6 Days Weekly off :  - sunday ,  interview  Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to Friday Contact Person:  - isha Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR:  - 9619184652
opening for Mechanical Engineer , Electrical engineer , Maintenance engineer ,  jobs8879898561;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;"opening for Mechanical Engineer , Electrical engineer , Maintenance engineer ,  jobs8879898561MUMBAI /  NAVI MUMBAIHEAD OFFICE   interview :  AAJ   MAI HAICALL NOW;8879898561 MEET HR AROHI MAMAGE: 18 TO 35 SALARY: 10K TO 18K DEPENDS UPON YOUR  interview EXPERIENCE CAN APPLY FRESHER ARE WELCOMEGOOD  facilities    LIMITED SEATHURRY UP GUYZZFOR MORE INFORMATION CALL NOW: 8879898561MEET HR AROHI MAM"
Pharmacist Pharma Pharmacy Medical Representative , Packing , Warehouse Fresher Job Vacancy In Mumbai;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Pharmacist Pharma Pharmacy Medical Representative , Packing , Warehouse Fresher Job Vacancy In Mumbai Mumbai / Navi Mumbai / Thane Call Now  :  -  HR SONIYA 8422051372 Limited Vacancy .  .  .  . Fast Apply .  .  . Hurry Up Guyzzzz Job Type :  Full - time  • Serving retail customers . • Responsibilities and Duties •  Should  be able to read ,  understand doctors prescription and dispense medicines through computer . •  Should  be able to do medicine counseling . • Required Experience ,  Skills and Qualifications • Minimum diploma in pharmacy . •  Should  be aware of medicine software .   ( optional ) • Excellent communication skills . • Continuous learner and knowledge upgrade related to pharmacy profession . • If a candidate knows Software then it would be an advantage . • Basic computer proficiency will be plus . Responsibilities and Duties Maintain records . Communicate with clients . Suggestion for continuous improvement . Store cleanliness and store management . Required Experience ,  Skills and Qualifications Experience :  Pharmacist :  1 year  ( Preferred )   /  Open to Freshers also . Language :  English ,  Hindi and Marathi Qualifications :  D - pharmacy  /  B - pharmacy Benefits Developing professional pharmacist through continuous training in planned manner . Job Type :  Full - time Experience : • Basic computer :  1 year  ( Preferred ) • total work :  1 year  ( Preferred ) • Pharmacist :  1 year  ( Preferred ) Salary :  - 12000 To 20000 Per Month Qualification :  - 12th pass  &  Graduate pass Bachelor of Pharmacy  (  D pharma  , B pharma  , M pharma )  in Pharmacy preferred Experience  :  - 0 to 6 months of experience as Pharmacist preferred  location  :  - thane ,  / dadar  /  bhandup  /  sion  / vashi ,   /  panvel ,   /  new Mumbai  /  belapur  / andheri /  mirard  /  vasai /  kandiwali Gender :  -  Male  &  Female preferred Shift Time  :  - 10 :  30 am  -  6 : 30 pm  ( day shift ) ` Weekly Working Days  :  - 6 Days Weekly of  :  - Sunday Interview Time :  -  11 : 00 am  -  4 : 00 pm | Monday to Friday Call Now  :  -  HR SONIYA 8422051372
Medical coding jobs  -  Biotechnology ,  Biomedical ,  Biochemistry 2020 Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Trichy;0 - 2 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Expert Center Engineer;Waters  ( India )  Private Limited;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;4 - 11 Years;Not Specified;"Job Description The candidate will demonstrate a clear grasp of understanding the customers’ business and its growth plans and is able to take that knowledge and convert that into a solution and offering from Waters ,  with a primary aim of bringing  customer success .  This position brings a great degree of flexibility working in the field .  The role will be designated to either a territory and / or market .  Responsibilities • Delivering high quality and efficient services and support to our customer including installation ,  performance maintenance ,  repair and qualification of our portfolio of products in a blue - chip multi - sector environment ,  both face to face and remotely; • Planning and delivering New Product Implementation ,  Scheduled Performance Maintenance ,  Qualification ,  System Re location s and Technology / Software Upgrades in conjunction with our other customer specialists; • When on customer site through correct diagnostics or observation ensure compliance to relevant legislation surrounding the product and its use; • Providing training and guidance to customer to ensure they maintain compliance and enable smooth safe operation of Waters equipment in their laboratories; • Maintaining customer relationship and liaising as appropriate with the relevant sales account manager for the customer ,  ensuring key focus on the customer and their needs are met; • Effectively handling customer calls ,  administration and inventory ensuring you optimize your time and delivery against the metrics set within the business; • Adhering to Waters and customers relevant Health ,  Safety and Environment requirements when on site and as an individual employee; • Working effectively across the matrix structure of the business and within the Regional Service Team; • Any other additional tasks consummate with the level and scope of the role as deemed by management of Waters . • Qualifications : • You hold an Engineering degree in relevant subject matters; Experience : • Successful experience in LC or MS; • An understanding of GMP / GLP requirements; Competencies : • Highly passionate individual with charisma ,  perseverance and determination ,  enjoys personal interaction and relationship building with key customers; • Customer focused with very good listening skills; • Ability to understand ,  interpret and communicate complex technical issues; • Good interpersonal skills with a positive sense of humor and is able to contribute as part of an integrated sales / service organization; • Good priority setting and organizational skills; • A approach to problem solving; • An ability to identify and lead a customer enquiry established whilst on site through to the sales team; • Keen mind on continuous development of product / software knowledge; • Proficient English and Local Language Skills; Travel : • A clean driving license and a valid passport will be required; • This is a territory - based position with travelling within your designated territory ,  and occasional travels to other countries for activities such as governance of department ,  local business support ,  meetings and training . • A disclosure of any criminal convictions may be required as some of our customers work in sensitive and confidential government areas ."
Franchisee Service Engineer;Waters  ( India )  Private Limited;Indore;2 - 6 Years;Not Specified;"Job Description Job Details : 1 .  The candidate will be responsible for planning and executing all service activities on all Waters products including installation ,  demonstration ,  training of operators ,  emergency repairs ,  TAP ,  Service Contracts etc . 2 .  Ensure minimum down time for all Wates products . 3 .  Achieve revenue objectives ,  co - ordination with the Sales dept ,  support service and application training to new engineers etc . 4 .  Achieve highest level of customer satisfaction . RESPONSIBILITIES :  The main responsibilities include : • Provides customer support; training ,  diagnoses and troubleshoots customer problems ,  assists with parts management issues . • Repairs ,  installs ,  and uses all currently supported instrument models and accessories; gains limited knowledge of applications software; calibrates instruments for optimal performance . • Prepares a variety of reports ,  logs and documentation of service and repair activities; prepares service reports for input to the product reliability report; maintains up - to - date manuals ,  service notes ,  drawings ,  and other materials needed for effectiveness . • Prepares a variety of paperwork to document work in progress ,  completed work ,  and other necessary tracking paperwork; submits required paperwork on a timely basis to department management . • Establishes and maintains prompt professional communications with customers and internal resources . • Provides information to customers regarding service products and offerings; effectively sells service products and contracts QUALIFICATIONS :  Successful candidate is likely to have the following qualification : • B . E in Electronics / Instrumentation or Diploma in Electronics or Instrumentation • Bsc / Msc in Electronics"
Engagement Manager;null;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;8 - 12 Years;1500000 - 2500000;"Job Description Job Description : • Expected to own and manage teams to deliver high quality work to clients ,  thoroughly scoped outputs are delivered on time and within budget . • He /  She will be expected to have a role in the generation of new business ,  both in terms of the development of proposals and support for thought leadership across Solutionec . • Experience and understanding of healthcare datasets  ( Market sales ,  Patient data ,  promotional data ,  SFE / CRM data etc .  )  and how they can contribute to commercial solutions •  Should  have experience working on Analogue analysis; Company and drug profiling  ( SWOT Analysis ) ; Competitive intelligence; Forecasting  ( impact analysis ) ; Forecast modelling; Indication prioritization; KOL profiling; Market landscape assessment; Patent analysis; Patient flow modeling; Pipeline assessment; Pricing and reimbursement; Primary market research; Secondary desk research • Demonstrable ability to think creatively and  -  outside of the box -  in terms of methodologies to solve client business issues • Problem - solving attitude ,  anticipating issues early ,  analysing ,  interpreting and solving them proactively • Curiosity about developing and interpreting new insights ,  and ability to articulate the added value these bring to life sciences clients • Familiarity with key issues and current developments in the pharmaceutical and healthcare industries • Proactively mentors ,  coaches and shares subject matter expertise with others to elevate our capabilities to deliver world - class solutions for clients .   Skills ,  Experience  &  Education Required : • Master’s degree with 8 - 12 years of related experience including consulting and pharmaceutical and / or healthcare  industry  experience . • Demonstrates excellent project management skills and client influencing and relationship building skills . • Excellent conversational and business English  ( written and oral )  ,  demonstrated via :  storyboarding ,  meeting and workshop facilitation ,  moderation skills ,  timely and appropriately informative escalation ,  and presentation skills • Good Excel and advance Excel skills • Good analytical skills • Problem solving skills • Quality oriented"
Medical coding jobs  -  Bsc /  Msc Nursing ,  GNM Staff Nurse ,  DGNM ,  Male  &  Female Nurse Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Nagercoil;0 - 2 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Clinical SAS Programmer;Golden Opportunities Private Limited;Mumbai;2 - 10 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Clinical SAS Programmer Job  location  :  Mumbai Experience :   2 -  10 yrs  Job description :  Role :   1 .  Handling the team for the Operations . 2 .  Ability to work efficiently in both independent and team environments . 3 .  Working on SDTM ,  ADAM ,  and TLF’s 4 .  Working on SAS / BASE ,  SAS / SQL ,  SAS / MACRO ,  SAS / ACCESS ,  and SAS / ODS ,  SAS / REPORTS and Excel . 5 .  Utilizing SAS Procedures ,  like Proc Report ,  Proc Transpose ,  Proc print ,  Proc Freq ,  Proc Means ,  and Proc Datasets etc . 6 .  Possess strong ability to quickly adapt to new applications and platforms . Experience  &  Skills Required :   1 .  Minimum 2 Years of Experience in Clinical SAS Programming 2 .  Good experience on SDTM . 3 .  Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously and meet the deadlines and when required . 4 .  Strong ability to quickly adapt to new applications and platforms .  Working Timings :  Candidates  Should  be flexible working in a 24*7 environment Level :  Sr . Associate to Managerial Position
Medical coding jobs  -  Bsc /  Msc Nursing ,  GNM Staff Nurse ,  DGNM Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Vellore;0 - 1 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Medical coding jobs  -  Zoology ,  Adv Zoology ,  Biology ,  Microbiology 2020 Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Madurai;0 - 2 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Medical coding jobs  -  BPharm ,  MPharm ,  PharmD ,  Pharmacist Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Tirupati;0 - 1 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Medical coding jobs  -  Nursing ,  GNM Staff Nurse ,  DGNM ,  Male Nurse ,  Female Nurse Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Salem;0 - 2 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Medical coding jobs  -  5 Days working  -  Dayshift  -  Ct 9087738811;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Coimbatore;0 - 2 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Medical coding jobs  -  BPT ,  Physiotherapy ,  Physiotherapist 2020 Frehers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Madurai;0 - 1 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Medical coding jobs  -  Biotech ,  Biomedical ,  Biochemistry 2020 Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Salem;0 - 1 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Medical coding jobs  -  Nursing ,  GNM staff Nurse ,  DGNM ,  Male Nurse ,  Female Nurse Grad;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Karur;0 - 2 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Walk - in on 7  &  8th March for Professors / Asso Prof / Asst Prof in the depatment of Pharmacy;BHARAT INSTITUTION;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;0 - 5 Years;330000 - 660000;"Job Description Job Description :  - 1 . Candidate  Should  have the command over the subject with first class throughout the Academics . 3 . Candidate  Should  have good teaching ,  industrial research and / or professional experience in a reputed organization . 4 . Published work ,  such as research papers and technical reports . 5 . Experience of guiding the project work , dissertation of post graduate or research students or supervising R & D projects in  industry Experience  :  0 - 28 years Qualification : Ph . D , M .  Pharm  ( Pharmaceutical Chemistry ,  Pharmaceutics ,  Pharmacology ,  Pharmacognosy ,  Pharmaceutical Analysis ,  Pharm Biotechnology ,  Pharma Practice ( HCP )  or PHARM D ,  PHARMD  ( PB )  ) Interested candidates can send their application forms to the respective email Id at :  [HIDDEN TEXT] For any queries ,  kindly contact :  9948398752 ,  9640909048 Date :  7  &  8th March 2020Interview Venue;  Bharat pg and degree college for women                                   opposite tourist tiffins                                   kachiguda  ,  hyderabad"
Medical Coding  / Biotech ,  Biotechnology ,  Biotechnologist Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Coimbatore;0 - 2 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Requirement :  knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Clinical Research Associate to oversee clinical trials ,  recognize logistical problems ,  find solution;Keyquest Technologies Private Limited;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore ,  Chennai;2 - 4 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Clinical Research Associate Responsibilities :    • Creating and writing trial protocols ,  and presenting these to steering committee . • Identifying ,  evaluating and establishing trial sites ,  and closing sites down on completion of trial . • Training site staff on therapeutic areas ,  protocol requirements ,  proper source documentation and case report form completion . • Liaise with ethics committee regarding rights ,  safety and well - being of trial subjects . • Ordering ,  tracking ,  and managing IP and trial materials . • Overseeing and documenting IP dispensing ,  inventory and reconciliation . • Protecting subjects’ confidentiality ,  updating their information ,  and verifying IP has been dispensed and administered according to protocol . • Conducting regular site visits ,  coordinating project meetings and writing visit reports . • Implementing action plans for sites not meeting expectations . • Liaising with regulatory authorities . • Ensuring compliance with SOPs and local regulations ,  and ICH and GCP guidelines . • Other tasks and responsibilities as needed .   Clinical Research Associate Requirements :   • Bachelor’s degree in Biological Science or a related field . • 2+ years experience as a Clinical Research Associate . • Knowledge of pharmaceutical  industry  ,  terminology and practices . • Knowledge of FDA regulations and their practical implementation . • Strong verbal and written communication skills . • Proficient computer skills . • Proficient with Microsoft Office Word ,  Excel and Power Point . • Ability to manage and prioritize workload effectively . • Available to travel extensively and on short notice ,  and ability to manage travel schedules ,  such as flight schedules . Clinical Technician Job Description Template We are looking to hire a meticulous Clinical Technician to conduct routine tests to diagnose a broad range of conditions and diseases .  The Clinical Technician will employ a variety of methods to obtain bodily fluids and other specimens from clients .  The Clinical Technician will ensure specimens are labeled correctly and stored effectively .  You will perform a range of analytical tests on specimens .  You will provide doctors ,  nurses ,  CNAs and other medical personnel with technical advice ,  and address their concerns . To ensure success you have to follow standard procedures and formulas ,  and employ caution in storing specimens .  Ideal candidates are focused ,  detail - oriented and organized . Clinical Technician Responsibilities : • Cleaning and sterilizing equipment and glassware . • Maintaining and calibrating testing equipment . • Collecting blood specimens from clients using venipuncture ,  finger sticks and heel sticks . • Storing and labeling specimens effectively . • Following standard laboratory procedures and formulas to prepare stains ,  reagents and solutions . • Employing manual and automatic equipment to prepare specimens ,  and to conduct analysis . • Referring compliance issues and other complaints to client relations specialists . • Complying with company policies and procedures ,  and relevant laws and regulations . • Maintaining records of tests and communicating results to relevant parties . • Safeguarding data and maintaining patient confidentiality .    Clinical Technician Requirements : • High School Diploma ,  GED ,  or suitable equivalent . • Phlebotomy Technician ,  Medical Technician or similar certification . • Previous experience in clinical laboratory or related environment . • HIPAA compliance . • Proficient knowledge of sample collection and medical laboratory terminology . • Knowledge of basic office procedures . • Proficient computer skills . • Excellent communication skills ,  both written and verbal . • Excellent service and people skills . • Ability to work with minimal supervision .
Medical coding jobs  -  Nursing ,  GNM Staff Nurse ,  DGNM ,  Male Nurse ,  Female Nurse Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Erode;0 - 1 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Trainee  - Biotechnology;New Global Technologies;Chennai ,  Mumbai;0 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description We are looking for the professionals of Biotechnology and Pharmaceutical Science for job oriented training in Biotechnology ,  Pharmaceutical and Intellectual Property Rights . Bio Life Sciences  ( P )  Ltd offering job oriented program on self finance basis in the field of Molecular Biology ,  Microbiology ,  Pharmaceutical ,  Bioinformatics  ,  patent ( IPR )  and allied fileds .
Senior Associate  /  Team Lead CDM;Golden Opportunities Private Limited;Mumbai;4 - 10 Years;Not Specified;Job Description We have an immediate opening in one of the Best MNC s in India for the Role of Clinical Data Management for Mumbai  location   having the largest process for Clinical Data Management in India .  The role is a mid - management role for leading studies end to end .  He / she will be responsible for front ending with client on study deliverable and is an individual contributor . Work  location  :  Mumbai The shifts are rotational Job Role :                 All Activities relating to study start  study conduct and study close out . Preparation of below documents . 1 .  eCRF review 2 .  Preparing Trial derivation plans 3 .  UAT of Edit checks  Reports and DE screens Development of clinical data testing systems  including design  documentation  implementation and report . Experience  &  Skills Required :                 Relevant experience of above 2 years experience in Clinical Data Management from study start to close is mandatory . Good working Knowledge about the Databases  ( Medidata RAVE  Oracle Clinical and Inform etc .  )
Expert Center Engineer;Waters  ( India )  Private Limited;Delhi;4 - 11 Years;Not Specified;"Job Description The candidate will demonstrate a clear grasp of understanding the customers’ business and its growth plans and is able to take that knowledge and convert that into a solution and offering from Waters ,  with a primary aim of bringing  customer success .  This position brings a great degree of flexibility working in the field .  The role will be designated to either a territory and / or market .  Responsibilities • Delivering high quality and efficient services and support to our customer including installation ,  performance maintenance ,  repair and qualification of our portfolio of products in a blue - chip multi - sector environment ,  both face to face and remotely; • Planning and delivering New Product Implementation ,  Scheduled Performance Maintenance ,  Qualification ,  System Re location s and Technology / Software Upgrades in conjunction with our other customer specialists; • When on customer site through correct diagnostics or observation ensure compliance to relevant legislation surrounding the product and its use; • Providing training and guidance to customer to ensure they maintain compliance and enable smooth safe operation of Waters equipment in their laboratories; • Maintaining customer relationship and liaising as appropriate with the relevant sales account manager for the customer ,  ensuring key focus on the customer and their needs are met; • Effectively handling customer calls ,  administration and inventory ensuring you optimize your time and delivery against the metrics set within the business; • Adhering to Waters and customers relevant Health ,  Safety and Environment requirements when on site and as an individual employee; • Working effectively across the matrix structure of the business and within the Regional Service Team; • Any other additional tasks consummate with the level and scope of the role as deemed by management of Waters . • Qualifications : • You hold an Engineering degree in relevant subject matters; Experience : • Successful experience in LC or MS; • An understanding of GMP / GLP requirements; Competencies : • Highly passionate individual with charisma ,  perseverance and determination ,  enjoys personal interaction and relationship building with key customers; • Customer focused with very good listening skills; • Ability to understand ,  interpret and communicate complex technical issues; • Good interpersonal skills with a positive sense of humor and is able to contribute as part of an integrated sales / service organization; • Good priority setting and organizational skills; • A approach to problem solving; • An ability to identify and lead a customer enquiry established whilst on site through to the sales team; • Keen mind on continuous development of product / software knowledge; • Proficient English and Local Language Skills; Travel : • A clean driving license and a valid passport will be required; • This is a territory - based position with travelling within your designated territory ,  and occasional travels to other countries for activities such as governance of department ,  local business support ,  meetings and training . • A disclosure of any criminal convictions may be required as some of our customers work in sensitive and confidential government areas ."
Medical coding jobs  -  Life sciences  &  Paramedical 2020 Grad;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Trichy;0 - 2 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Medical coding jobs  -  Zoology ,  Adv Zoology ,  Biology ,  Microbiology Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Erode;0 - 1 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Clinical Project Manager with RAVE   ( Life sciences );E Centric Solutions Private Limited;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;8 - 13 Years;800000 - 1600000;Job Description Responsibilities :  · Managing the projects with a focus on delivery of the scope on time ,  within budget and with a high quality outcome · Manage project delivery needs to ensure that all study deliverable are tracked and maintained the documentation  · Meet the client expectations in monitoring project scope ,  timelines ,  budget  &  milestones ,  issues  &  risks for a variety of projects ,  project financials ,  budget tracking and accuracy of invoicing . · Capture minutes / action items during client and internal status meetings .   · Problem / issue tracking and work with the PMs / Others to ensure timely resolution · Provide pro - active communication with all stakeholders · Assure compliance with Medidatas standard project management methodologies and Medidata SOPs  Required Skill Set : · Basic understanding of clinical research  ( pharma ,  device and / or biotech sectors )  and SaaS technology . · Able to demonstrate good verbal / written communication combined with some organizational skills . · Exhibit time management skills combined with strong collaboration and team - building awareness · Experience in supporting project teams and meet the project timelines would be advantageous · Self - motivated and able to assume responsibility in a professional manner · Proficient in the use of all relevant EDC /  eCDM Medidata internal systems · Can demonstrate some computing skills with MS Office suite ,  Word ,  Excel and PowerPoint · Excel in presentation skills .
Medical coding jobs  -  BPT ,  Physiotherapy ,  Physiotherapist 2020 Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Pondicherry;0 - 2 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Medical coding jobs  -  Dentist ,  BDS Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Trichy;0 - 1 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Medical coding jobs  -  Nursing ,  GNM Staff Nurse ,  DGNM ,  Male Nurse ,  Female Nurse Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Tirunelveli;0 - 1 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Medical coding jobs  -  5 Days working  -  Dayshift  -  9087738811;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Salem;0 - 1 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Marketing Executive;Servell Bio Engineers Private Limited;Chennai;2 - 5 Years;350000 - 450000;Job Description strong science knowledge and good communication and smart way of presenting the products . Able to understand customer requirement and position  the correct product to meet customer application .  Should  have own bike or scooter for travel . love for marketing job is a  Must
Medical coding jobs  -  Zoology ,  Adv Zoology ,  Biology ,  Microbiology Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Erode;0 - 1 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Biologists and related scientists Australia PSDe;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Canada;9 - 14 Years;Not Specified;Job Description This group performs some or all of the following duties : Biologists : Plan and conduct studies of the environment ,  and of the population ,  distribution ,  structure and functional characteristics and behaviour of plants and animals . Conduct ecological and environmental impact studies and prepare reports . Study ,  identify and classify plant and animal specimens . Conduct experiments in plant or animal growth ,  heredity and breeding . Prepare reports and plans for management of renewable resources . May supervise biological technologists and technicians and other scientists . Microbiologists and cell and molecular biologists : Conduct research into the structure ,  function ,  ecology ,  biotechnology and genetics of micro - organisms ,  including bacteria ,  fungi ,  protozoans ,  and algae . Conduct research into the structure and functioning of human ,  animal and plant tissues and cells . Conduct studies into the identification ,  effects and control of human ,  plant and animal pathogens and toxins . Conduct clinical or laboratory studies to test ,  evaluate and screen drugs ,  pharmaceuticals and nanoparticles used in biomedical applications . Conduct molecular or biochemical studies and experiments in genetic expression ,  gene manipulation and recombinant DNA technology to develop new or alternative methods of producing products . Conduct research in biotechnology to discover ,  develop and refine ,  and evaluate new products . May participate in the commercialization of new products . May supervise biological technologists and technicians and other scientists . May conduct biostatistical data analysis using computer modelling techniques .
Medical coding jobs  - Optometry ,  Radiology ,  Anesthesia ,  Cardiac ,  Dialysis Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Coimbatore;0 - 1 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Trainee  - Biotechnology;New Global Technologies;Noida ,  Pune;0 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description We are looking for the professionals of Biotechnology and Pharmaceutical Science for job oriented training in Biotechnology ,  Pharmaceutical and Intellectual Property Rights . Bio Life Sciences  ( P )  Ltd offering job oriented program on self finance basis in the field of Molecular Biology ,  Microbiology ,  Pharmaceutical ,  Bioinformatics  ,  patent ( IPR )  and allied fileds .
Senior Associate  /  Team Lead CDM;Golden Opportunities Private Limited;Mumbai;4 - 10 Years;Not Specified;Job Description We have an immediate opening in one of the Best MNC s in India for the Role of Clinical Data Management for Mumbai  location   having the largest process for Clinical Data Management in India .  The role is a mid - management role for leading studies end to end .  He / she will be responsible for front ending with client on study deliverable and is an individual contributor . Work  location  :  Mumbai The shifts are rotational Job Role :                 All Activities relating to study start  study conduct and study close out . Preparation of below documents . 1 .  eCRF review 2 .  Preparing Trial derivation plans 3 .  UAT of Edit checks  Reports and DE screens Development of clinical data testing systems  including design  documentation  implementation and report . Experience  &  Skills Required :                 Relevant experience of above 2 years experience in Clinical Data Management from study start to close is mandatory . Good working Knowledge about the Databases  ( Medidata RAVE  Oracle Clinical and Inform etc .  )
SR .  Clinical Research Associate;IQVIA RDS India Pvt Ltd;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore ,  Mumbai;2 - 6 Years;Not Specified;Job Description SR .  Clinical Research Associate  Job Description :  • Perform site selection  ( if applicable )  ,  initiation ,  monitoring and close - out visits in accordance with contracted scope of work and good clinical practice . • If applicable ,  may be accountable for supporting development of project subject recruitment plan on a per site basis .  Work with sites to adapt ,  drive and track subject recruitment plan in line with project needs to enhance predictability . • Provide monitoring visits and site management for a variety of protocols ,  sites and therapeutic areas . • Administer protocol and related study training to assigned sites and establish regular lines of communication with sites to manage ongoing project expectations and issues . • Evaluate the quality and integrity of study site practices related to the proper conduct of the protocol and adherence to applicable regulations .  Escalate quality issues as appropriate . • Manage the progress of assigned studies by tracking regulatory submissions and approvals ,  recruitment and enrollment ,  case report form  ( CRF )  completion and submission ,  and data query generation and resolution .  May support start - up phase . • Create and maintain appropriate documentation regarding site management ,  monitoring visit findings and action plans by submitting regular visit reports ,  generating follow - up letters and other required study documentation . • Build awareness of features and opportunities of study to site . • Collaborate and liaise with study team members for project execution support as appropriate .
Medical coding jobs  -  Physiotherapy ,  Physiotherapist ,  BPT Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Pondicherry;0 - 2 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Bioinformatics  -  Quality Assurance  ( QA );Acceleration Staffing and Vendor Management India Private Limited;Pune;4 - 8 Years;400000 - 1800000;Job Description Desired Skills ,  Attributes ,  and Experience • Master’s degree in Bioinformatics required • At least 12 months of experience as Bioinformatician required • Graduate courses taken in Genomic Data Analysis ,  Intro to Biostatistics ,  and Database Design required • Demonstrated ability in using Next Generation Sequencing tools including BWA ,  GATK ,  SAMtools ,  and Tophat required . • Demonstrated ability in scientific scripting languages :  Perl ,  R ,  and Python required . • Work with cross - functional teams to ensure quality throughout the bioinformatics analytical pipelines’ development lifecycle • High energy and inquisitive and strong attention to detail • Conduct post - release / post - implementation testing including executing test cases investigate issues identified and logging defects
Biomedical Engineer;Rahat Enterprises;Saudi Arabia;4 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description 1 .  Minimum Bachelors degree in Biomedical Engineering from an accredited College or University . 2 .  Minimum 7 years’ experience specializing in the field of healthcare maintenance services and to include experience in similar equipment . 3 .  Preferably with Accreditation Certificate from the related equipment manufacturer . 4 .  Extensive knowledge of International standards and codes of practices related to his field .
Medical coding jobs  -  BPharm ,  MPharm ,  PharmD ,  Pharmacist Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Tirupati;0 - 2 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Medical coding jobs  -  Pharma ,  Pharmacy ,  Pharmacist 2020 Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Salem;0 - 1 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Trainee  - Biotechnology;New Global Technologies;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore ,  Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;0 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description We are looking for the professionals of Biotechnology and Pharmaceutical Science for job oriented training in Biotechnology ,  Pharmaceutical and Intellectual Property Rights . Bio Life Sciences  ( P )  Ltd offering job oriented program on self finance basis in the field of Molecular Biology ,  Microbiology ,  Pharmaceutical ,  Bioinformatics  ,  patent ( IPR )  and allied fileds .
QC Chemist;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Mumbai ,  Pune;2 - 7 Years;300000 - 800000;Job Description Role  &  Responsibilities  :  -   • Junior position in relevant department :  QA / QC ,  production ,  etc . • Sampling and analysis of raw material . • Preparation and standardization of solutions . • Preparation of product batch as per established procedures and protocols .  Products include liquid and dry injections ,  capsules ,  tablets ,  liquid orals ,  powders and solutions . • Sampling and analysis of in - process products . • Sampling and analysis of finished products .  Maintaining control samples . • And other attendant duties depending on assigned department .
JDA  ( Pharmacovigilance );Golden Opportunities Private Limited;Mumbai;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Job Description : Pharmacovigilance  Typical responsibilities include :                     Recording and reporting adverse reactions received from healthcare professionals and consumers                 Conducting in - depth interviews with patients and healthcare professional                  Developing a thorough knowledge of products                  Completing periodic safety update reports on drugs and other treatments                  Writing and reviewing serious adverse effects reports and forms                   Flagging up early warning signs of adverse effects of drugs                   Minimizing the risk of serious side effects                   Completing safety audits                   Working on clinical trials of new drugs                   Experience  &  Skills Required :                     B .  Pharm /  B . sc graduate with minimum of 10 months of PV experience and  Should  be excellent with Pharmacovigilance foundation .  An understanding of the principles and concepts associated with Patient Safety case - handling process . Excellent communication is required .
Business Analyst Position  -  Master Degree in Bioinformatics Mandatory;Acceleration Staffing and Vendor Management India Private Limited;Pune;3 - 6 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Hi  , We are looking for a Business Analyst for one of the US based product Company in Pune . Job  location  :  Pune Exp  : 3 to 6 yrs Required Skills and Experience : Masters degree in Bioinformatics 3 - 5 years of  industry  or dry lab experience Previous experience as a BA is a plus Strong communication and documentation skills Good problem solving and the ability to think critically High energy ,  inquisitive nature and strong attention to detail Being Conversant with SDLC is a plus Responsibilities : Work with the Product Owner and participate in the interaction with stakeholders and requirements gathering Requirements elicitation Write user stories and acceptance criteria Documentation as needed by SDLC processes ,  document minutes of meeting ,  user feedback ,  etc . Interested candidates can send their resume to [HIDDEN TEXT] . Regards , Sudha K Mobile :  9080443992 E - Mail :  [HIDDEN TEXT] www . agile - one . com
Business Development Officer;Healthvista India Private Limited;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;2 - 4 Years;450000 - 550000;Job Description Looking for Sales officer with 2 - 3 years experience in Healthcare .  Field job with managing doctors and hospitals .  Good communication skills with 2 wheeler .  The candidate  Should  have experience in meeting doctors and hospitals .
Clinical SAS Programmer;Golden Opportunities Private Limited;Mumbai;2 - 10 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Clinical SAS Programmer Job  location  :  Mumbai Experience :   2 -  10 yrs  Job description :  Role :   1 .  Handling the team for the Operations . 2 .  Ability to work efficiently in both independent and team environments . 3 .  Working on SDTM ,  ADAM ,  and TLF’s 4 .  Working on SAS / BASE ,  SAS / SQL ,  SAS / MACRO ,  SAS / ACCESS ,  and SAS / ODS ,  SAS / REPORTS and Excel . 5 .  Utilizing SAS Procedures ,  like Proc Report ,  Proc Transpose ,  Proc print ,  Proc Freq ,  Proc Means ,  and Proc Datasets etc . 6 .  Possess strong ability to quickly adapt to new applications and platforms . Experience  &  Skills Required :   1 .  Minimum 2 Years of Experience in Clinical SAS Programming 2 .  Good experience on SDTM ,  ADAM . 3 .  Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously and meet the deadlines and when required . 4 .  Strong ability to quickly adapt to new applications and platforms .  Working Timings :  Candidates  Should  be flexible working in a 24*7 environment Level :  Sr . Associate to Managerial Position
Aggregate reporting / SME;Golden Opportunities Private Limited;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad ,  Pune;3 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Job description : Authoring and reviewing of Aggregate Safety Reports :  Periodic Adverse Drug              Experience Reports  ( PADERs )   Periodic Safety Update Report  ( PSUR )  and Periodic Benefit Risk Evaluation Report  ( PBRER )  .              Perform aggregate safety report related activities including literature search and line listing generation .               Reviewing Safety update Tracker and Periodic Safety Reports Schedule Tracker              Ensure central archival of Pharmacovigilance related documents and              Experience into Safety Section Writing  PBRER authoring and safety assessment .              Prepare PSUR reports as per client €™s SOPs and WIs .               Ensure delivery of quality PSUR report documents that objectively and accurately represent the regulatory data for the client .               Ensure PSUR writing activities are performed according to estimated timelines .                Peer review / QC of PSURs drafted by peer PSUR writer .               Maintenance of trackers              Reviewing marketing authorization tracker              Identifying re - training areas for the team based on peer QC findings .               Experience and Skills Required :               Minimum 3+ years of Experience in PSR  PSUR  Aggregate writing            Educational Qualification ( s )  Required  €  Any Life science Graduates
Medical coding jobs  -  BPharm ,  MPharm ,  PharmD ,  Pharmacist Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Tirupati;0 - 1 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Medical coding  -  Biotechnology ,  Biomedical ,  Biochemistry ,  Microbiology Grad;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Thanjavur;0 - 2 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Medical coding jobs  -  Bsc /  Msc Nursing ,  GNM staff Nurse ,  DGNM ,  Male Nurse ,  Female Nurse Grad;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Nagercoil;0 - 2 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Medical coding jobs  - Nursing ,  Staff Nurse ,  DGNM  -  Dayshift  -  Ct 9087738811;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Tirunelveli;0 - 1 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Medical coding jobs  -  Optometry ,  Radiology ,  Anesthesia ,  Cardiac ,  Dialysis Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Coimbatore;0 - 2 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
QC Chemist;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Delhi ,  Chandigarh;2 - 7 Years;300000 - 800000;Job Description Role  &  Responsibilities  :  -   • Junior position in relevant department :  QA / QC ,  production ,  etc . • Sampling and analysis of raw material . • Preparation and standardization of solutions . • Preparation of product batch as per established procedures and protocols .  Products include liquid and dry injections ,  capsules ,  tablets ,  liquid orals ,  powders and solutions . • Sampling and analysis of in - process products . • Sampling and analysis of finished products .  Maintaining control samples . • And other attendant duties depending on assigned department .
Pharmaceutical Research Scientist have the Urgent Vacancies in Bhopal;S R IT Services;Bhopal ,  Chandigarh;0 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Monitoring  &  implementation of Quality assurance activities in the shop floor . Issue of BMR ,  BPR after receipt of shop floor and Verification ,  retrieval and maintenance . Check for adherences to QSP / MFR during manufacturing process . Random in - process checks for verification . Log books verification . Pre dispatch inspection and release of product . Implementation and Co - ordination for validations . Sampling of SFG / FG . Plan and co - ordinate for housekeeping audits ,  IQA ,  etc . Deviation and Change control handling . Data analysis of deviations ,  complaints . Line clearance for Dispensing ,  Manufacturing ,  coding  /  Printing ,  Packing ,  etc . Analysis of OOS ,  if any . Ensuring in - process instruments calibration . Raising Non conformances ,  CAPA and follow up . On - line inspections and on the job training . Third party audits if required . Compilation of data for annual product review . Principal Accountabilities Random in - process checks for verification 20% Testing of the Semi finished products  /  Finished Products in the shop floor  ( Manufacturing and Packing )  for pouch leakage ,  shipper weight ,  clarity of printing ,  moisture content analysis ,  leak testing of pouches ,  disintegration test analysis Deviation and change control handling .  20% Issual and reconciliation of deviations and change controls in the shop floor  ( manufacturing  ,  maintenance and packing area )  after approval from the Manager . Line clearance for dispensing ,  manufacturing ,  coding  /  printing ,  packing ,  etc .  20% Check for adherences to QSP / MFR during manufacturing process .  20 % Plan and co - ordinate for housekeeping audits ,  IQA ,  etc .  20 % Qualifications Education ,  Experience ,  Skills Required Qualifications B . Pharma  /  M Pharma  /  M . Sc Minimum 2 Years Experience Preferred Qualifications Minimum 2 Years Experience Willing to Work in Shifts  ( First or Second ) Adequate knowledge and understanding on the Quality Assurance activities . Adequate knowledge on Master formula records ,  Complaint handling ,  deviation handling ,  change control handling ,  Validations . Prior experience in Quality Assurance department of Pharmaceutical  industry  is preferred . Other relevant information to the position This position develops an individual to grow for supervisory role . Job Quality Assurance / Food Safety Primary  location  Bhopal and Chandigarh Schedule Full - time Job Type Standard Shift Day Job
Medical coding jobs  -  Bsc /  Msc Nursing ,  Staff Nurse ,  GNM staff Nurse ,  DGNM Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Tirunelveli;0 - 2 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Medical reviewer;Golden Opportunities Private Limited;Mumbai;0 - 4 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Role :  Pharmacovigilance and option offering a good career as an alternate to clinical for Qualified Doctors .  Pharmacovigilance is a process in clinical research for ascertaining the affects of drugs during clinical trials .                        Job involves recording adverse events and creating drug safety reports which only a doctor qualifies to create .  Freshers receive excellent training for end to end pharmacovigilance with steady growth prospects .  Job Description : Medical review of the ICSRs  ( clinical  spontaneous  Drug surveillance  literature and spontaneous )  adhering to SOP designed by client .            Keeping track of updates of the drug and cascade to drug safety  pharmacovigilance into clinical trials .              Communication and discussion with the client to assure case coding with adherence to coding Guidelines .               Retrospective review of the line listing ICSRs within time - lines .  .               Training DSAs on guidelines  submission and labeling aspect of the case .              Safety package drafting and mailing it to client within timelines to assure in time 7 - 15 day SUSAR Submissions .               Solving of queries from DSAs regarding Med - Dra coding  labeling and narrative of the ICSRs .               Involved in review in eCRF for protocol defined criteria like event of special interest  endpoints and Sentinel events etc . We are looking for MBBS or MD / MBBS Fresher €™s  &  lateral candidates of any clinical  /  Non - Clinical experience . MCI Registration is Mandatory
Sr . Executive /  Executive;Infovision HR Consulting Services Private Limited;Aurangabad;3 - 7 Years;Not Specified;"Job Description Hello , We have an opening for one of the leading MNC Pharmaceutical and Biotechnological  industry Position :  -  Sr . Executive / Executive Candidate profile  : Applicant  Must  be Graduate Chemical Engineer with experience in Chemical  /  API  industry  especially in scale up ,  technology transfer ,  manufacturing and engineering projects .  He  Should  have key relationships with technology supplier ,  academic  /  research institute ,  equipment vendors ,  system supplier etc . Qualification :  B . E .  - Chemical / B . Tech - Chemical Experience :  3 - 7 years from API  industry   Key Responsibilities of the position are as follows  -    • Plan ,  schedule ,  organize and execute new product technology development ,  scale up and technology transfer with R & D  /  Pilot Plant  /  Manufacturing team members . • Process Optimization ,  Scale Up and Technology Transfer of new products at API Pharmaceuticals  /  CRAMS oriented facilities . • Trouble shooting ,  plant stabilization and productivity enhancement for manufacturing of existing  /  contract products . • Process Design ,  Optimization ,  Control ,  Verification and Process Validation • Process Engineering  ( Process Design ,  Material  &  Energy Balances; Process equipment Design; Facility ,  Utility and infra structure design ,  Process Economics ,  Process Flow Diagrams ,  Piping  &  Instrumentation Diagrams ,  Specify process and other equipment ,  Process Control and Automation ,  etc . • Basic knowledge and Implementation of Process Safety Management ,  Process safety knowledge  -  ( PHA / ABC / HAZOP / PSRA etc )  and review at each stage of development  Thanks  &  Regards , Shubham Rasam Board Line :  -  022 61200827 Mobile  :  -  7506338753 Email ID : [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Medical coding jobs  -  BPharm ,  MPharm ,  PharmD ,  Pharmacist Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Erode;0 - 2 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Medical reviewer;Golden Opportunities Private Limited;Nagpur;0 - 3 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Role :    Pharmacovigilance and option offering a good career as an alternate to clinical for Qualified Doctors .  Pharmacovigilance is a process in clinical research for ascertaining the affects of drugs during clinical trials .                        Job involves recording adverse events and creating drug safety reports which only a doctor qualifies to create .  Freshers receive excellent training for end to end pharmacovigilance with steady growth prospects .                       We are looking for MBBS Freshers  &  lateral candidates of any clinical  /  Non - Clinical experience .                        MCI Mandatory
Medical coding jobs  - BPharm ,  MPharm ,  Pharm D ,  Pharmacist Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Tirupati;0 - 1 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Job Mela ( 12 , 13  &  14 March - 2020 )   -  Pharmacy / Engineering  -  TaRaRe Consulting  -  HYD  -  Call  @ 9014159933;Tarare Consulting services Private Limited;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;0 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Job Mela : Qualification :  Pharmacy / Engineering / DegreeExperience :  Freshers / Experience Interview  location  :  2nd Floor ,  Alluri Trade Center , Pillar No : 760 ,  Near KPHB Metro Station , KukatpallyJob  location  :  Hyderabad For More Details Please call our HR Team  @ 9014l59933  /  9347393848  /  9347l28787 or share your resume to prasad @ tarareconsultingservices . com
Medical coding jobs  -  BPT ,  Physiotherapy ,  Physiotherapist 2020 Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Madurai;0 - 2 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Medical coding jobs  -  BPT ,  Physiotherapy ,  Physiotherapist 2020 Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Pondicherry;0 - 1 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
FDA APPROVED QC CHEMIST;Atlantic Bio medical Private Limited;Raigarh;1 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description TESTING OF RAW MATERIAL  &  FINISHED GOODS ,  DOCUMENTATION ,  WHO RELATED WORK ,  AUDIT RELATED WORK ,  MAINTAINING OF ALL COMPANY  /  FACTORY RECORDS ,  WORK RELATED TO FDA AS WELL AS INSPECTION HANDLING ,  PPERSON  Should  CERTIFY FDA APPROVAL ,
Clinical Research Associate;IQVIA RDS India Pvt Ltd;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore ,  Mumbai;2 - 6 Years;Not Specified;Job Description CRA  Job Description :  • Perform site selection  ( if applicable )  ,  initiation ,  monitoring and close - out visits in accordance with contracted scope of work and good clinical practice . • If applicable ,  may be accountable for supporting development of project subject recruitment plan on a per site basis .  Work with sites to adapt ,  drive and track subject recruitment plan in line with project needs to enhance predictability . • Provide monitoring visits and site management for a variety of protocols ,  sites and therapeutic areas . • Administer protocol and related study training to assigned sites and establish regular lines of communication with sites to manage ongoing project expectations and issues . • Evaluate the quality and integrity of study site practices related to the proper conduct of the protocol and adherence to applicable regulations .  Escalate quality issues as appropriate . • Manage the progress of assigned studies by tracking regulatory submissions and approvals ,  recruitment and enrollment ,  case report form  ( CRF )  completion and submission ,  and data query generation and resolution .  May support start - up phase . • Create and maintain appropriate documentation regarding site management ,  monitoring visit findings and action plans by submitting regular visit reports ,  generating follow - up letters and other required study documentation . • Build awareness of features and opportunities of study to site . • Collaborate and liaise with study team members for project execution support as appropriate .
Medical coding jobs  -  Biotech ,  Biomedical ,  Biochemistry 2020 Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Erode;0 - 2 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Openings for Pharmacy / B . Sc ( Chemistry , Life science , Botany , Biology )  Backlog candidates also Eligible;Tarare Consulting services Private Limited;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;0 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description We are hiring Pharmacy fresher’s / Experienced to work in Retail / Hospital / Airport pharmacy  @ Hyderabad  location Qualification :  D / B / M - Pharmacy or Exp in any Pharmacy Salary :  11k to 18k + Incentives  ( 1k to 3k )  + PF + Health Insurance Positions :    1 .  Pharmacist  ( PCI  Must  ) 2 .  Assistant Pharmacist  ( Without PCI ,  only Male ) 3 .  Product Advisor  ( Without PCI ,  Male / Female ,  with good communication skills ) 4 .  Trainee Pharmacist  ( Candidates with backlogs ,  only Male )   Free accommodation for outstation Male Candidates  ( 2k company will pay )   Interested candidates please share your profile to prasad @ tarareconsultingservices . com or call / whats - app  @ 9014l59933 along with all educational details .
Openings for B . pharmacy / M . Pharmacy / D . Pharmacy  For Hyderabad  location;Tarare Consulting services Private Limited;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;0 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description We are hiring Pharmacy fresher’s / Experienced to work in Retail / Hospital / Airport pharmacy  @ Hyderabad  location Qualification :  D / B / M - Pharmacy or Exp in any Pharmacy Salary :  11k to 18k + Incentives  ( 1k to 3k )  + PF + Health Insurance Positions :   1 .  Pharmacist  ( PCI  Must  ) 2 .  Assistant Pharmacist  ( Without PCI ,  only Male ) 3 .  Product Advisor  ( Without PCI ,  Male / Female ,  with good communication skills ) 4 .  Trainee Pharmacist  ( Candidates with backlogs ,  only Male )   Free accommodation for outstation Male Candidates  ( 2k company will pay ) Interested candidates please share your profile to  prasad @ tarareconsultingservices . com / supraja @ tarareconsultingservices . com or Call / Whats Apps   @ 90l4159933 / 6305705l56 along with all educational details
Medical coding jobs  -  5 Days working  -  Dayshift  -  Ct 9087738811;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Salem;0 - 2 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Medical coding jobs  -  BPT ,  Physiotherapy ,  Physiotherapist 2020 Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Coimbatore;0 - 1 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Medical Coding;Center for Recruitment  &  Training;Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Specified;"Job Description "" CRT Consultancy is a reputed placement agency in and around Mumbai  &  Navi Mumbai  .  We do recruitments for Call centers /  Back Office /  Pharmaceutical company /  Construction company /  IT Company"" .   JOB  location   -  -  AIROLI ,  Thane ,  Maharashtra Designation :  MEDICAL CODING PROCESS Job Description : Medical classification systems are used for a variety of applications in medicine and medical informatics Converting Medi - claim into dollar by using coding Statistical analysis of diseases and therapeutic actions Reimbursement; e . g .  ,  based on DRGs Knowledge - based and decision support systems Direct surveillance of epidemic or pandemic outbreaks . Working Hours - Rotational Shift .  5 days working and 2 days will be off . Pick up and drop service will be available .  INTERESTED CANDIDATES CAN CALL ME ON 7977101181 OR SEND ME UPDATED CV IN [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Post Doctoral Fellow – Bioinformatics  ( NGS );25 Norsoft Private Limited;Qatar;3 - 10 Years;Not Specified;Job Description PhD degree in bioinformatics or relevant field Experience · Academic research experience with publications in peer - reviewed academic journals and / or conferences .  · Experience in NGS data analysis .  · Knowledge of bioinformatics tools and biological databases .  · Knowledge in molecular biology .  · Experience in databases Strong skills in programming with R ,  shell ,  and Python or Perl .  · Experience in working on computer clusters · Knowledgeable in scientific research methods and evaluation of research results ,  ability to develop and maintain own knowledge and skills at the forefront of field .  · Proficiency with Microsoft Office suite · Fluency in written and spoken English
Medical coding jobs  -  Biotech ,  Biomedical ,  Biochemistry 2020 Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Trichy;0 - 2 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Biological technologists and technicians Canada DPNi;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Canada;3 - 8 Years;Not Specified;Job Description This group performs some or all of the following duties : Biological technologists : Set up and conduct biological ,  microbiological and biochemical tests and laboratory analyses in support of research and quality control in food production ,  sanitation ,  pharmaceutical production ,  biotechnology and other fields . Apply methods and techniques such as microscopy ,  histochemistry ,  chromatography ,  electrophoresis and spectroscopy . Perform experimental procedures in agriculture ,  plant breeding ,  animal husbandry ,  biology and biomedical research . Conduct field research and surveys to collect data and samples of water ,  soil ,  and plant and animal populations . Conduct environmental monitoring and compliance activities for the protection of fisheries stock ,  wildlife and other natural resources . Analyze data and prepare reports . Conduct or supervise operational programs such as fish hatchery ,  greenhouse and livestock production programs . Biological technicians : Assist in conducting biological ,  microbiological and biochemical tests and laboratory analyses . Perform limited range of technical functions in support of agriculture ,  plant breeding ,  animal husbandry ,  biology ,  biomedical research and environmental protection . Assist in conducting field research and surveys to collect data and samples of water ,  soil ,  and plant and animal populations . Assist in analysis of data and preparation of reports .
Ayurvedic Manufacturing Chemist for Jaipur;Wowidea Consultingminds Private Limited;Jaipur;2 - 5 Years;120000 - 300000;Job Description Job description * Handle production of Ayurvedic  - Tablets  -  Capsules  -  Churn -  Syrups  - Juices etc . * All Production related documentation . * Experience in all or any of above would be acceptable . Required Candidate profile *Experience of Developing Ayurvedic Formulation . *Preferably approved from State Ayurvedic Licensing Authority . Role :  Formulation Scientist  industry  Type :  Pharma ,  Biotech ,  Clinical Research ,  Ayurved ,  Nutiricity Functional Area :  Medical ,  Healthcare ,  R & D ,  Pharmaceuticals ,  Biotechnology Education UG  : BAMS in Any Specialization ,  Ayurveda PG  : Any Postgraduate in Any Specialization ,  Post Graduation Not Required Feel free to contact for any query .  share resume -  [HIDDEN TEXT]
Trainee  - Biotechnology;New Global Technologies;Chennai ,  Mumbai;0 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description We are looking for the professionals of Biotechnology and Pharmaceutical Science for job oriented training in Biotechnology ,  Pharmaceutical and Intellectual Property Rights . Bio Life Sciences  ( P )  Ltd offering job oriented program on self finance basis in the field of Molecular Biology ,  Microbiology ,  Pharmaceutical ,  Bioinformatics  ,  patent ( IPR )  and allied fileds .
Medical reviewer;Golden Opportunities Private Limited;Mumbai ,  Pune;0 - 3 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Role :    Pharmacovigilance and option offering a good career as an alternate to clinical for Qualified Doctors .  Pharmacovigilance is a process in clinical research for ascertaining the affects of drugs during clinical trials .                        Job involves recording adverse events and creating drug safety reports which only a doctor qualifies to create .  Freshers receive excellent training for end to end pharmacovigilance with steady growth prospects .                       We are looking for MBBS Freshers  &  lateral candidates of any clinical  /  Non - Clinical experience .                        MCI Mandatory
Medical coding jobs  -  Biotech ,  Biomedical ,  Biochemistry 2020 Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Tirupati;0 - 1 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Medical coding jobs  - Biotech ,  Biomedical ,  Biochemistry 2020 Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Trichy;0 - 1 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Medical coding jobs  -  Biotechnology ,  Biomedical ,  Biochemistry 2020 Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Trichy;0 - 2 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Medical coding jobs  -  BPT ,  Physiotherapy ,  Physiotherapist 2020 Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Salem;0 - 2 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Medical coding jobs  -  BPT ,  Physiotherapy ,  Physiotherapist 2020 Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Salem;0 - 2 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Medical coding jobs  - Biotech ,  Biomedical ,  Biochemistry 2020 Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Erode;0 - 1 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Medical coding jobs  -  Zoology ,  Adv Zoology ,  Biology ,  Microbiology 2020 Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Madurai;0 - 2 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Medical Coding jobs for Fresher;Karan IT Solutions;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore ,  Chennai;0 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Job Description : Medical Coding is the process of conversion of text information related to healthcare services into numeric Diagnosis  ( Medical Problems )  and Procedure  ( Treatments )  Codes using ICD - 10 CM and CPT code books . Requirement : knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills Any Bio -  science graduate 1 ) Candidates From Any Life Science ,  Paramedical ,  Medical Graduates and Post Graduates  ( Pharmacy ,  Physiotherapy ,  Nursing ,   ,  Biotechnology ,  Biology ,  Bio - Medical graduates ,  Zoology ,  Botany ,  Bioinformatics ,  Genetics ,  B . O . T ,  Microbiology ,  Biochemistry  , Endocrinology ,  Nutrition  &  Dietetics ,  Anatomy ,  Physiology  ,  Chemistry ,  Medical Lab Technology ,  Health Education ,  M . B . B . S ,  B . D . S ,  B . H . M . S ,  B . A . M . S ,  etc .  .  .  )  Background 2 )  Knowledge about Medical Terminologies 3 ) Good Written  &  Verbal Skills Position :  Medical Coder Benefits : 1 .  Pick Up  &  Drop Facility 2 .  Food Facility 3 .  Day Shift 4 .  Weekend Off
QC Chemist;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Kolkata ,  Ranchi;2 - 7 Years;300000 - 700000;Job Description Role  &  Responsibilities  :  -   • Junior position in relevant department :  QA / QC ,  production ,  etc . • Sampling and analysis of raw material . • Preparation and standardization of solutions . • Preparation of product batch as per established procedures and protocols .  Products include liquid and dry injections ,  capsules ,  tablets ,  liquid orals ,  powders and solutions . • Sampling and analysis of in - process products . • Sampling and analysis of finished products .  Maintaining control samples . • And other attendant duties depending on assigned department .
QC Chemist;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Chennai ,  Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;2 - 6 Years;300000 - 800000;Job Description Role  &  Responsibilities  :  -   • Junior position in relevant department :  QA / QC ,  production ,  etc . • Sampling and analysis of raw material . • Preparation and standardization of solutions . • Preparation of product batch as per established procedures and protocols .  Products include liquid and dry injections ,  capsules ,  tablets ,  liquid orals ,  powders and solutions . • Sampling and analysis of in - process products . • Sampling and analysis of finished products .  Maintaining control samples . • And other attendant duties depending on assigned department .
Clinical Data Management -  Associate / Team Lead / Asst Manager;Golden Opportunities Private Limited;Mumbai;3 - 9 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Clinical Data Management -  Associate / Team Lead / Asst Manager Job  location  :  Mumbai  Job Description :   All Activities relating to study start  study conduct and study close out .                   Preparation of below documents .                     1 .  eCRF review                   2 .  Preparing Trial derivation plans                   3 .  UAT of Edit checks  Reports and DE screens                  Development of clinical data testing systems  including design  documentation  implementation and report .                 4 .  End to End CDM activities                   5 .  Perform data management activities on the assigned project in a timely and efficient manner Generate queries to clarify and improve the quality of the data                   Test and execute validation procedures .                    Experience  &  Skills Required :                    Relevant of 4 years experience in Clinical Data Management from any Clinical Phases  study start  study conduct or close .                  Good working Knowledge about the Databases  ( Medidata RAVE  Oracle Clinical and Inform etc .  )
Medical coding jobs  -  Biotech ,  Biomedical ,  Biochemistry 2020 Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Trichy;0 - 1 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Senior Associate  /  Team Lead CDM;Golden Opportunities Private Limited;Kolkata ,  Mumbai;4 - 10 Years;Not Specified;Job Description We have an immediate opening in one of the Best MNC s in India for the Role of Clinical Data Management for Mumbai  location   having the largest process for Clinical Data Management in India .  The role is a mid - management role for leading studies end to end .  He / she will be responsible for front ending with client on study deliverable and is an individual contributor . Work  location  :  Mumbai and Kolkata The shifts are rotational Job Role :                 All Activities relating to study start  study conduct and study close out . Preparation of below documents . 1 .  eCRF review 2 .  Preparing Trial derivation plans 3 .  UAT of Edit checks  Reports and DE screens Development of clinical data testing systems  including design  documentation  implementation and report . Experience  &  Skills Required :                 Relevant experience of above 2 years experience in Clinical Data Management from study start to close is mandatory . Good working Knowledge about the Databases  ( Medidata RAVE  Oracle Clinical and Inform etc .  )
Medical coding jobs  -  Biotech ,  Biomedical ,  Biochemistry 2020 Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Trichy;0 - 2 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Clinical Researcher Associate  ( Multiple )  US Funded organisation;Connexions;Mumbai ,  Pune;2 - 6 Years;900000 - 1200000;Job Description Role  -  Clinical Research Associate  (  For an ,  organisation funded by the U . S  )  location   -  Lower ParelQualification  -  Masters In Pharmacy ,  toxicology ,  analytical chemistry ,  Food Technology or Biochemistry Experience  -  2 -  6 years in analytical  /  residue  /  food chemical and toxicology testing . The Tobacco Harm Reduction Teams primary research focus is in thorough analysis of all aspects of chemicals found in SLT -  smokeless tobacco products in India .  The selected candidate will participate in a collaborative ,  team - oriented environment assisting with applied laboratory based experiments and producing data on the effects of various inhaled chemical agents in smoking as well as toxicology studies for SLT products like gutkha . Preferred that the candidate will have : 1 .  experience in writing and submitting clinical trials in compliance with international protocols 2 .  learning to compile ,  analyze ,  and present experimental data using various spreadsheet ,  statistical analysis ,  and presentation programs . 3 .  With guidance from a mentor ,  the participant will contribute to the design and development of characterization of toxic chemicals in SLTs .  Write experimental protocols ,  and manuscripts ,  while obtaining knowledge on tobacco cessation ,  instruction for maintaining laboratory notebooks and accurate records of chemical inventory and chemical agents as required by FDA regulations .
Clinical data Management  /  Junior data Analyst / Data Analyst;Golden Opportunities Private Limited;Kolkata;1 - 4 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Clinical Data Management Job  location  :  Mumbai  Job Description :             All Activities relating to study start  study conduct and study close out .         Preparation of below documents .           1 .  eCRF review 2 .  Preparing Trial derivation plans 3 .  UAT of Edit checks  Reports and DE screens Development of clinical data testing systems  including design  documentation  implementation and report .       Experience  &  Skills Required :          Relevant experience from 1 years €™ experience in Clinical Data Management from any Clinical Phases  study start  study conduct or close .        Good working Knowledge about the Databases  ( Medidata RAVE  Oracle Clinical and Inform etc .  )
Medical coding jobs  -  Nursing ,  GNM staff Nurse ,  DGNM ,  Male  &  Female Nurse Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Nagercoil;0 - 1 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Medical coding jobs  - Nursing ,  Staff Nurse ,  DGNM  -  Dayshift  -  Ct 9087738811;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Tirunelveli;0 - 1 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Medical coding jobs  -  Dayshift  -  5 Days Working  -  Ct 9087738811;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Erode;0 - 1 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Medical coding jobs  -  Biotech ,  Biomedical ,  Biochemistry 2020 Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Trichy;0 - 2 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Biologists and related scientists Australia DPRa;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Canada;3 - 8 Years;Not Specified;Job Description This group performs some or all of the following duties : Biologists : Plan and conduct studies of the environment ,  and of the population ,  distribution ,  structure and functional characteristics and behaviour of plants and animals . Conduct ecological and environmental impact studies and prepare reports . Study ,  identify and classify plant and animal specimens . Conduct experiments in plant or animal growth ,  heredity and breeding . Prepare reports and plans for management of renewable resources . May supervise biological technologists and technicians and other scientists . Microbiologists and cell and molecular biologists : Conduct research into the structure ,  function ,  ecology ,  biotechnology and genetics of micro - organisms ,  including bacteria ,  fungi ,  protozoans ,  and algae . Conduct research into the structure and functioning of human ,  animal and plant tissues and cells . Conduct studies into the identification ,  effects and control of human ,  plant and animal pathogens and toxins . Conduct clinical or laboratory studies to test ,  evaluate and screen drugs ,  pharmaceuticals and nanoparticles used in biomedical applications . Conduct molecular or biochemical studies and experiments in genetic expression ,  gene manipulation and recombinant DNA technology to develop new or alternative methods of producing products . Conduct research in biotechnology to discover ,  develop and refine ,  and evaluate new products . May participate in the commercialization of new products . May supervise biological technologists and technicians and other scientists . May conduct biostatistical data analysis using computer modelling techniques .
Medical coding jobs  -  Dentist ,  Physiotherapy ,  Physiotherapist 2020 Freshers;I Skills Solutions;Chennai ,  Tirunelveli;0 - 1 Years;220000 - 440000;Job Description Medical Coding Job for Freshers  &  Experienced Grads  Ct HR Priya  -  9087738811 Job Description :     Position  :  Medical Coder  Medical Coding is the process of converting Verbal Descriptions into numeric or alpha numeric by using ICD 10 - CM ,  CPT  &  HCPCS .   Requirement :   knowledge in Anatomy and Physiology Good communication and interpersonal skills Basic Computer Skills No of vacancy :  400  Eligibility :  Nursing GNM / DGNM Life science graduates Pharmacy Physician assistant Bio medical Engineers Bio chemistry Bio technology Bio informatics Micro biology Zoology and Advanced zoology Biology Botany Plant biotechnology Genetics Food and Nutrition Paramedical Physiotherapy M . Sc .  Clinical Nutrition M . Sc .  Human Genetics M . Sc .  Medical Laboratory Technology M . Sc .  Medical Sociology M . Sc .  Epidemiology M . Sc .  Molecular Virology M . Sc .  Biostatistics M . Sc .  Blood Banking Technology M . Sc .  Regenerative Medicine M . Sc .  Optom . M . Sc .  Genetic Counseling M . Sc .  Radiology  &  Imaging Technology M . Sc .  Medical Biochemistry M . Sc ,  Medical Microbiology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Clinical Care Technology M . Sc .  Medical Physics B . Sc .   -  Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Audiology  &  speech Language Pathology B . Sc .   -  Cardiac Technology B . Sc .   -  Cardio Pulmonary Perfusion Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Critical Care Technology B . Sc .   -  Dialysis Technology B . Sc .   -  Neuro Electrophysiology B . Sc .   -  M . L . T . B . Sc .   -  Medical Sociology B . Sc .   -  Nuclear Medicine Technology B . Sc .   -  Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology B . Sc .   -  Optometry B . Sc .   -  Physician Assistant B . Sc .   -  Radiology Imaging Technology B . Sc .   -  Radiotherapy Technology B . Sc .   -  Medical Record Science B . Sc .   -  Respiratory Therapy B . Sc .   -  Fitness and Lifestyle Modifications Accident  &  Emergency Care Technology Critical Care Technology Nursing Aide Operation Theatre  &  Anaesthesia Technology Ophthalmic Nursing Assistant Medical Record Science Optometry Technology Radiology  &  Imaging Technology Medical Lab Technology Cardiac Non Invasive Technology Dialysis Technology Dentist Salary  14 . 5K to 17K  ( fresher )  To 50K  ( experienced )  Pm  ( Incentives  &  Benefits as per Corporate Standards ) 4K fixed hike after six months Other Benefits :  weekend Off Only dayshift Pick up and drop Cab provided Reach us  : HR Priya  -  9087738811  Required Candidate profile  Nursing Freshers Pharmacy Freshers Physiotherapy Dentist Life sciences Biotechnology Microbiology Biomedical Biochemistry Bioinformatics Botany Zoology GNM DGNM Physician assistant Anesthesia technician Perfusion Technology Medical coder Freshers Medical coding Freshers jobs in chennai Medical coding openings in chennai Wanted Medical coder Freshers jobs Medical coding Medical coder Medical coding Freshers Jobs in chennai Jobs for 2017 Passed outs Freshers jobs in chennai Jobs for freshers Nursing jobs for freshers Pharma jobs for Freshers Biotechology Jobs Microbiology jobs Biomedical jobs Bioinformatics jobs Bsc / Msc Jobs Biochemistry jobs Life science jobs in chennai Paramedical jobs in chennai Jobs in Tamilnadu Jobs in Pharmacy Jobs in Hospital GNM STAFF NURSE ANM STAFF NURSE GNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE DGNM FEMALE STAFF NURSE GNM MALE NURSE MALE STAFF NURSE NURSING JOBS IN CHENNAI
Internal Ver If ier ,  Technical Writer;Asmacs;Kuwait;15 - 20 Years;Not Spec If ied;"Job Description Internal Ver If ier  Qual If ication :  B . E in Chemical engineering  or Diploma in Chemical or Equivalent Experience :  A minimum of 15 years’ of experience in Operations of Refinery / Petrochemicals ,  To manage and oversee the Training Department by assuming higher responsibility for the Department’s functions and activities ,  Deep knowledge of refinery process ,  Knowledgeable of policies ,  procedures and best practices in the areas  Technical Writer  Qual If ication :  Degree or Diploma in Chemical engineering  or Equivalent Experience required Minimum 8 years of experience in refinery operations positions of increasing responsibilities such as Field Operator ,  Console/Control Room Operator ,  Supervisor ,  including exposure to multiple refinery units . Develop refinery unit operating procedures ,  operating manuals ,  training manuals ,  qual If ication assessments ,  and other training materials Conduct data gathering and review meetings Perform internal technical reviews of documentation and best practices in the areas Experience using Microsoft Office software ,  spec If ically MicrosoftWord ,  PowerPoint and Visio Ability to read Process engineering  Flow Schemes  ( PEFS )  and other engineering  drawings Age  ( years )  28 - 55 Nationality; Indian Email Id; [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Chemical Engineer;Karan IT Solutions;Hyderabad / Secunderabad ,  Mumbai;0 - 5 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description  Candidate  Should  have relevant experience of 1 - 5years with similar large scale Petro - chemical industry  ( Exp in Ammonia and Nitrate plant is preferable )  Should  have experience in continues plant .  Should  have experience on DCS system  Should  be in production process Knowledge of Steam Turbines ,  Catalyst preferred . Diploma / Degree in chemical engineering  ,   Should  be prompt in attending all types of alarms and effectively , oil ,  gas ,  process ,  production ,  quality ,  reserch co - ordinate with site personnel for timely corrections to troubleshoot
Chemical Engineer;New Global Technologies;Bengaluru / Bangalore ,  Hyderabad / Secunderabad;0 - 5 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Diploma / Degree in chemical engineering  ,   Should  be prompt in attending all types of alarms and effectively , oil ,  gas ,  process ,  production ,  quality ,  reserch co - ordinate with site personnel for timely corrections to troubleshoot and resolve the issues  -  Must  have good Subject Knowledge  -  Must  be ready to work in day night sh If ts for 8 - 10 Hrs  - Extra amount to be paid  If  working more than 2 Hrs in addition to 8 Hrs of working . Freshers can apply
Fitter Welder Turner Electrician . Motor Mechanic CNC Operator AC Technician Refrigeration Job Fresher;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Fitter Welder Turner Electrician . Motor Mechanic CNC Operator AC Technician Refrigeration Job FresherMumbai/Navi Mumbai/Thane HEAD OFFICE IN MULUND SSC/HSC/GRADUATE FRESHER CANDIDATE CAN APPLY Call Now  :  - HR SONIYA 8422051372 Fresher Can Apply  Salary Offered :  - 12000 to 25000 Per month Salary :   - 12k to 15k + Incentives + PF + Other Benefits . FACILITY  -  PF + INSURANCE + MEDICAL FACILITY FACILITY PROVIDE  -  PF + INSURANCE + MEDICAL FACILITY + TRAVELING ALLOWANCE Education :  - Bachelor of Technology  ( B . Tech ) /  (  Iti  )   ( Diploma )  Bachelor of engineering   ( B . E .  )  mandatory Experience  :  - Freshers as Production/ Quality Control/ Mechanical Design / in Chemical mandatory Manufacturing / engineering  preferred skill :  - production , maintenance , quality , Design , autocad ,  solidworks Age  :  - Above 18 yrs  location  :  - thane ,  / sion / vashi / panvel / navi Mumbai / andheri / goregaon / mirard/ vasai / kurla Call Now  :  - HR SONIYA 8422051372 Fresher Can Apply
Team Leader  -  Operations;Golden Opportunities Private Limited;Belgaum;3 - 6 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Description Team Leader ? Operations Candidate Expectation :  3 plus years of experience into F & B operations Kannada Mandatory  -  Read ,  write and Speak strong in team handling minimum team  -  10 Experience in supervising the functions of the department employees ,   facilities   ,  operations and cost on a day -  to - day basis .  Job Description Co - ordinates functions and activities with other department heads as assigned .  Monitors and controls ,  on an on - going basis :  Quality levels of product and service Customer satisfaction Merchandising and marketing Operating costs  &  Maximizing sales .  Sanitation ,  cleanliness and hygiene of the entire area under his purview .  Ensure optimum performance in spec If ic jobs assigned in the above areas .  Q Management .  SOP?s being followed .  Sets up targets/ goals for the department ,  makes constant effort to achieve the same .
Sales  &  Marketing Engineer;Triangle Simulation Private Limited;Mumbai;2 - 5 Years;200000 - 400000;Job Description • Chemical Engineer  ( B . E .  / B .  Tech / M .  Tech ) •  Should  have knowledge regarding various process operation of  Chemical/Power/Refinery/Fertilizer plant . •  Should  have basic knowledge of unit operations in chemical  engineering  . •  Should  know basics of sensors ,  control element  &  PID controller . • Knowledge regarding various DCS/SCADA system will be added  advantage . •  Should  be responsible to coordinate with customers . •  Should  be responsible for sending quotations in consultation with  technical team . •  Should  be responsible to prepare and submit online and offline  tenders . • Payment follow ups • Prepare clear sales analysis ,  sales reports ,  sales order status ,  and  in - time  proposal  s . • Candidate  Should  be willing to travel anywhere in as per the  company’s requirement  &  Policy . •  Should  be responsible for Maintaining existing client relation ,   Vendor or Business Development ,  participating in industrial  exhibitions ,  Complete outdoor sales ,  Coordinating with sales  coordinators ,  generating daily schedule and Enquiries , • Responsible for generating revenue and fulfill the given targets ,   Maintaining good relationship with clients . • Candidate  Must  have excellent written and verbal English  communication skills . • Manages and direct a sales force to achieve annual sales targets . • Design and recommend sales and marketing programs and set  short and long - term sales strategies . •  Must  be aware of  international   variances in cultural and legal issues  pertaining to sales . • Maintain inquiry / tender register . • Maintain telecom report  &  visit report
Job opening for Sr .  Process Engineer at Chandrapur;Multi Organics Private Limited;Chandrapur;5 - 15 Years;459999 - 1090000;Job Description 1 )  Support Operation Team in improving plant performance in various fields  ( safety/Environment ,  quality ,  Capacity ,  Costs ) 2 )  Trouble shooting ,  Debottlenecking ,  commissioning Experience in unit operations such as Distillation ,  Heat transfer ,  Filtration ,  hydraulics etc . 3 )  Basic engineering  Package such as P & ID ,  PFD  &  PDS preparation .  MB ,  EB ,  hydraulic ,  Heat transfer calculations . 4 )  Experience in PLC operation in preferred . MCR Preparation ,  etc .
MANAGER  -  L  &  D;Resource Access Management Solutions Private Limited;India;10 - 15 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION *Look for around 10+ years * Candidate  Should  have strong experience in Learning  &  Development team . * Can take profiles from any Manufacturing Industry . * Graduation  Should  be in the specialization of Chemical ( BE  -  Chemical engineering  )   If  not BE mechanical also fine . *  Should  take profiles only from Andhra Region * Telugu speaking is  Must *  If  the candidates are from other  location  there  Should  be a valid reason for re location  . ORGANIZATION WRITE - UP The Client Company is an Agro - chemical based ,  India’s second largest Phosphatic fertilizer player ,  is in the business segments of Fertilizers ,  Specialty Nutrients ,  Crop Protection and Retail .  The Company manufactures a wide range of fertilizers and markets around 3 . 2 million tons making it a leader in its addressable markets .  In its endeavor to be a complete plant nutrition solutions Company ,  Coromandel has also introduced a range of Specialty Nutrient products including Organic Fertilizers . The Crop Protection business produces insecticides ,  fungicides and herbicides and markets these products in India and across the globe . To apply ,  send your updated resume to OTHER SERVICES OF RAMSOL
Senior Instrumentation Engineer;Arihant Engineers;Mumbai;5 - 8 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Preparation of Data sheet ,  Cable schedule ,  Interconnect diagrams ,  Loop Diagrams ,  IO Listing ,  C & I  , Instrument Index ,  Hookup ,  F & G Layout ,  Cable block Diagram ,  sizing control valves Knowledge of Navisworks review s/wAssisting Instrument lead/HOD Preparation of TBA  &  CBA
Regional  proposal   Manager  -  MEET;VAS  international  ;Saudi  arabia  ;15 - 25 Years;4560000 - 6060000;"Job Description                                                         our client  leading engineering  construction and contracting company in Saudi arabia   known  as  international  JAL  ( www . jalint . com . sa )   well Established isince1986KNOWN AS ,  JAL  international   is a 100% Saudi Company and has carved a name in the Plant Maintenance ,  Construction ,  Manufacturing Business and contributed a sign If icant part to Saudi  arabia  ’s industrial and infrastructural development efforts are urgently in need OF  REGIONAL  proposal  MANAGER  ( FEMALE )  FOR THEIR CLIENT AIR PRODUCTS LOCATED AT AL - KHOBAR SAUDI  arabia  REGIONAL  proposal  MANAGER  ( FEMALE )  EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE • Bachelor’s Degree in Mechanical ,  Chemical or Process engineering • A minimum of 5 years work experience in an engineering  team work environment • Candidate is expected to have demonstrated ability to lead mult If unctional teams as  well  as ability to promote teamwork and cooperation . • Experience in related technology field is preferred . • Experience in technical  proposal   development ,  project development engineering  ,  or cost engineering  is beneficial . • Good communication skills ,  influencing others ,  taking ownership of work products ,  holding others accountable ,  sharing expertise ,   understanding   customers ,  and managing resources . • Strong leadership ,  interpersonal skills ,  and customer relation skills; • Demonstrated ability to work in matrix organization ,  across functional and reporting relationships; • Excellent communication and influencing skills are a major requirement for the job holder; • Able to handle high level communication with customer and internal/external stakeholders on  proposal   matters; • Fluent in both Arabic  &  English . The incumbent will lead the development of new capital project opportunities ,  while meeting or exceeding the commercial requirements .  This includes assisting the commercial team with setting sales/pricing strategy ,   understanding   the market/competitiveness ,  defining the project execution strategy/schedule ,  and managing  proposal   cost budgets .  The  proposal   Manager is the focal point for defining the project scope and coordinating with the  proposal   team to plan and execute the  proposal   deliverables .  The  proposal   Manager will work with the full engineering  team as  well  as operations ,  the commercial team ,  and all corporate functions to develop opportunities in our Process Gases technology  suite  —including gas If ication ,  steam - methane reforming ,  and cryogenic distillation for the production and processing of Hydrogen ,  Carbon monoxide ,  Synthesis gas ,  Helium ,  Natural gas ,  etc .  The  proposal   Manager will develop opportunities ranging from $10 million to $200+ million ,  total installed cost . PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSBILITIES • Own the bid and  proposal   work process .  Lead  proposal   teams to ensure that the commercial organizations are provided with the best value proposition  ( capital and total evaluated l If e cycle cost )  necessary to win and maximize profit consistent with commercial objectives . • Ident If y and communicate all key commercial ,  technical ,  and execution issues for  proposal  s . • Lead the  proposal   team members effectively by communicating with them and focusing them on the correct priorities to ensure preparation of the best Air Products  proposal   . • Develop an appropriate level of scope definition consistent with targeted estimate accuracy; recommend value improvements prior to project approval . • Provide direct support to review customers’ spec If ications and proposed contractual terms ,  discuss Air Products’ capabilities with customers ,  present  proposal  s ,  assist in contract negotiations ,  and review suppliers’  proposal  s . • Work directly with customers and partners to determine scope splits . • Prepare  proposal  s ,  estimates ,  and feasibility studies within the agreed upon constraints of time ,  effort  ( cost )  ,  and accuracy . • Conduct and document estimate risk analyses . • Communicate issues ,  status ,  and summaries to senior management . • After winning the business ,  continue to provide and evaluate ideas to improve profitability . • During execution ,  and in support of the Project Manager ,  provide support to define scope ,  costs ,  and risks of all changes to the project baseline . • Collect and analyze feedback from ongoing projects to obtain cost and other project performance factors to optimize and improve the accuracy of future estimates . • Understand and communicate market forces and competitor capabilities . • Comply with applicable Air Products work processes . • Develop an opportunity team environment that facilitates creativity ,  innovation ,  continued improvement and value engineering  .  Spec If ically ,  through effective communication and leadership ,  creation of a safe and positive work environment ,  recognition of team members’ contributions ,  and involvement of the appropriate team members in decisions . • Maintain and develop tools needed for functional excellence . • These opportunities are global; 10 25% travel will be required .   COMPETENCIES Integrity  Upholds the highest ethical standards ,  avoiding conflicts of interest . Communicates with respect and honesty . Deliver Safety Consistently prioritizes safety in words and actions to protect self ,  others ,  and the environment . Passion to be the best in the Industry  Drives toward the goal of being the best in the industry in all aspects of their work . Positive Attitude Takes on new opportunities and tough challenges with a sense of ownership ,  energy and urgency . Approaches work – individually and in teams – with optimism and a solutions oriented mindset . External Focus Stays current with relevant market trends to bring new ideas and solutions to our work . Continually searches for ways to meet or exceed expectations in a way that creates value that customers are willing to pay for . Drive Results  Acts with accountability; makes appropriate and timely decisions; collaborates while avoiding unnecessary consensus building; escalates issues when necessary . Focuses on implementation once a decision has been made . Innovation Introduces new ways of looking at problems and getting work done; proposes value - added solutions . Seeks out diverse thinking to maximize the use of others experiences ,  backgrounds and perspectives . Demonstrate Courage Champions new ideas and initiatives; expresses viewpoints and supports others who do the same and challenges the status quo . Resolves d If ficult issues in a timely ,  transparent ,  and professional manner . Develop Self  &  Others Learns continuously; extracts learnings from experiences; readily receives and accepts feedback and coaching; takes action to continuously improve . Helps others do their best work through sharing knowledge and expertise; providing feedback ,  mentoring ,  and recognition; proactively addresses unconscious bias . Lead  &  Inspire Communicates a compelling vision . Ident If ies and develops talent . Empowers people to do their best work by providing regular and honest feedback ,  recognition and coaching and supporting employees to confidently express their viewpoints . Promotes teamwork . Managing Execution Translates business strategies into concrete objectives and simpl If ied actions . Utilizes business and financial acumen to synthe data and make tough decisions . Provides clarity around roles and responsibilities ,  authority ,  and expectations; moves work forward by effectively managing ambiguity ,  removing obstacles and eliminating non - value added work . Strategic Mindset Sees ahead to future possibilities and ident If ies opportunities that will enhance the organizations competitiveness . Understands the position of the business within the marketplace; considers market trends and competitive factors to develop breakthrough strategies . Uses  understanding   of cross - functional and enterprise implications of decisions to break down silos and leverage other resources and expertise for the greater good . WORKING CONDITIONS The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job .  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions . DISCLAIMER The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this class If ication .  They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities ,  duties and skills required of personnel so class If ied . Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qual If ied individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions . AIR PRODUCTS VALUES All Air Products divisions are committed to the effective use of the AP Values .  It is important that all employees understand and utilize these values when performing the duties of his/her position . QUALITY Quality encompasses all aspects of AP’s business ,  and every employee shares the responsibility to prevent the occurrence of any nonconformity relating to product ,  process and the quality system .  All employees have an obligation to ident If y and record any such nonconformity ,  and through designed channels ,  initiate and recommend solutions .        SALARY ; - SAR . 35 , 000 to 40 , 000/ -  + family status .  SAUDI NATIONAL PREFERED BUT OTHER  NATIONALITY WILL ALSO BE CONSIDERED . PLEASE SEND YOUR UPDATED RESUME WITH CONTACT DETAILS ATTACHING ALL TESTIMONIALS AND EXPERIENCE CERT If ICATE BY EMAIL TO [HIDDEN TEXT]T MR . VAIDYANATHAN ON IMO OR WHTS UP +91 - 9819070988 . AWAITING YOUR UPDATED CV FOR  DOING THE NEED FULTHANKS AND REGARDSN . J . VAIDYANATHANVAS international  +91 - 9819070988 WHATS UP OR IUMO"
opening for chemical engineer12pass/deploma/  - 9819440172;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description opening for chemical engineer , QA , QC , production - 9819440172 qual If ication - diploma/BE/B . tech salary - 12000 to 15000 job  location  - thane/vashi/navi mumbai/andheri/borivali/kalyan freshers only apply male and female both can apply day sh If t - 9 : 30 to 6 : 30 age - 18 to 30yrscall pooja hr - 9819440172
Associate Software Engineer;NexWave Talent Management Solutions Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Eligibility Criteria : Education :  Should  be  ( 2018 ( May/June/July )   &  2019 ( May/June/July )  )  BE/B - Tech/MCA  -  Passed outs only without any backlogs or GAPs  ( Starting from 10th to Highest education qual If ication )  . SSC to highest education  Should  be 60% OR above -  mandatory .  59 . 99% or below also will not be considered . BE/B . Tech - Civil ,  Mechanical and Chemical engineering  candidates ,  kindly ignore this mail . poc : NIHARIKA ph no : 9000040766/9573290241
Deputy Manager  -   international   Business  ( Middle East  &  Africa )  with Air Pollution Solution Industry;Megma Services;Pune;10 - 15 Years;300000 - 1200000;Job Description About Company  : It has offered Solutions to Air Pollution to a number of industries and for a variety of  application  s .  The projects undertaken by us are unique and challenging .  This has led us being a reputed and reliable solutions partner for Air Pollution Control in Mines  &  Minerals ,  Metals and Power industries globally .  Today ,  the experience of us to provide perfect solutions with turnkey support makes us a specialist for challenging  application  s .  The entire equipment range on offerings ,  available today is the outcome of a complete in - house development by an experienced team of engineers .  The development of these solutions solely attributes to the dedicated efforts of a qual If ied ,  knowledgeable and competent team .  Two manufacturing  facilities   in Pune are fully equipped with the latest technologies to manufacture :  Baghouse Electro - static Precipitators Venturi - Scrubbers Fans  &  Blowers Screw conveyors Rotary Air - Lock Valves and other allied products .  .  location   :  Pune Experience  :  10 – 14 Years Function  :  Sales  &  Marketing Job Description  : Education Qual If ication : Graduation background -  Mechanical/Chemical/Production engineering  .   ( Candidates from only these 3 disciplines are requested to apply ) Post Graduation  -  MBA/ME/M Tech Experience : We are looking for an Experienced candidate who has exposure to Air pollution control equipment market .  Candidate  Should  possess a minimum experience of 10 years in the industry . Experience in Air pollution control industry is mandatory . Profile type : We would expect the person to travel extensively in the zone allotted . We look for the candidate to be ambitious ,  honest and hard - working . Key Result Areas : 1 .  Spell out market initiative and execute the same in time bound manner . 2 .  Conduct seminars ,  participate in exhibitions and carry out marketing activities to generate business leads . 3 .  Market research  &  Penetration into various markets  &   application  s . 4 .  Achieve Order booking target within set gross margin for defined territory . 5 .  Registrations  &  Approvals from Consultants/OEMs . 6 .  Ensure annual expenses and other marketing expenses are within budget . 7 .  Prepare MIS/executive summary on monthly basis to submit to steering committee/top management . 8 .  Cost approval for project bid to be made for each project inline to the limit set by the management . 9 .  Follow - up for outstanding payments/recovery . Working Days  :  6 Days a Week  ( 9 : 00 AM to 6 : 00 PM ) Job Nature  :  Full Time
Mechanical Engineer , Electrical engineer , Mechanical design engineer , Qulity , 9619184652;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 3 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Mechanical Engineer , Electrical engineer , Mechanical design engineer , Qulity , 9619184652 FACILITY PROVIDE  -  PF + MEDICAL FACILITY + TRAVELING ALLOWANCE Education  :  - Bachelor of Technology  ( B . Tech ) /  (  Iti  )   ( Diploma )  Bachelor of engineering   ( B . E .  )  mandatory Experience  :  - Freshers as Production/ Quality Control/ Chemical Design / in Chemical mandatory Manufacturing / engineering  preferred  location  :  - thane / masjid bunder / andheri / mirard / vasai / vashi / panvel / kandiwali / goregaon / malad / krula Gender :  -  Male  &  Female preferred Sh If t Time  :  - 9 :  30 am  -  6 : 30 pm  ( day sh If t ) ` Weekly Working Days  :  - 6 Days Weekly off  :  - sunday , Interview Time :  -  11 : 00 am  -  4 : 00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person :  ISHA Contact Details :  - Click To Call HR : 9619184652
PU foam  -  - Production Head;Inspire People Consultancy;Bengaluru / Bangalore;3 - 8 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description ?Planning ,  coordination and control of manufacturing processes . ?Ident If ying Solution for trouble shooting in the foaming process  &  Foaming machines . ?Taking Care of production and planning ,  manpower planning . ?Making daily production report ?Participating in QCC &  SIT team an innovative continues improvement and cost reduction ?Worked as a PPC member for some time in this period used SAP to create and ver If y material master ,  Bill of material ,  work center ,  routings ,  master production scheduling ,  and capacity utilization . ?New product development  ( Conducting New raw material trials ,  new mould trials . ?Handling PU High pressure Machines  (  Henneike ,  Cannon  , KM polyurethane machines )  If  Interested please send across your cv to [HIDDEN TEXT]/[HIDDEN TEXT] with below required details :  - Total Exp :  - Current CTC : Expected CTC : Notice Period : Regards , Srinivas .
Mechanical Superintendent Ammonia ,  Production Engineer Ammonia Plant;Asmacs;Saudi  arabia  ;10 - 15 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Mechanical Superintendent Ammonia  Qual If ication :  BS Degree in Mechanical engineering Experience :  10  -  15 years of mechanical engineering  hands - on experience in the Chemical ,  Petro - Chemical or Mining industry .  5 Years of leadership experience in an asset Production Engineer - Ammonia Plant  Qual If ication :  Bachelor’s degree in Chemical engineering Experience :  5 - 7 years of experience in the Chemical or Petro - Chemical industry .  Minimum of 2 years of experience to be at similar level .  Experience in Ammonia ,  Sulfuric Acid ,  Phosphoric Acid and Phosphate fertilizer manufacture is an asset Nationality :  Indian Email Id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]
QC Manager;Asmacs;Saudi  arabia  ;6 - 8 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description QC Manager  Qual If ication :  B . sc / M . sc Chemistry or Diploma  ( Polytechnic )  / B . E .  Chemical engineering Experience :   Should  have minimum with 6 - 8 years of working experience in manufacturing plant Trained in Quality systems ,  well  - versed in analytical and statistical Experience in AZO pigments manufacturing for Paints ,  Plastics and Inks  application  s in ‘’Quality Control role Nationality :  Indian Email Id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]
Technical Project Manager;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Chennai ,  Delhi;10 - 15 Years;1200000 - 1500000;Job Description Job Description :  - • Technical coordination with all concerned parties for new Projects .   • To secure technical information from plant ,  analyze it and present to the Technical Head / Director for any actions required .   • To understand plant problems and suggest debottlenecking of the same • Ensure production quantity and quality of the plant .   • To attend meetings and take decision regarding following matters :   -   • Initiate and supervise all Procurement activities like inviting quotations from vendors ,  preparation of Bid Analysis ,  negotiations with vendors ,  issuing Purchase Orders and follow ups .   • Supervise installation ,  Erection  &  Commissioning Activities of the new projects .   • Liasoning with local State Industrial Developmental Corporation officials and other government agencies for all Project related work .
Commissioning Specialist ,  DCS Commissioning Specialist;Asmacs;Kuwait;12 - 20 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Commissioning Specialist  Qual If ication :  Degree/Diploma in Chemical engineering  / Diploma from Accredited Technological Institute Experience required  A minimum of 12 years’ of experience in operating and commissioning of the field of refinery / petrochemicals . At least 5 years’ experience in a similar position in the field of refinery handling process related to pre -  commissioning and commissioning activities . Spec If ic process units experience relevant to the project  ( CDU / DHT/ KHT / NHT / ARDS / HOC / SGU/ HYDROGEN/SULPHUR / UTILITIES/ TANKFARM/ MARINE ) Age  ( years )  35 - 60  DCS Commissioning Specialist  Qual If ication :  Degree/Diploma in Chemical engineering Experience :  A minimum of 10 years’ of experience in operating and commissioning of the field of refinery / petrochemicals . At least 3 years’ experience in a similar position in to DCS and Process control activities for pre -  commissioning and commissioning or Refinery units Spec If ic process units experience relevant to the project  ( CDU / DHT/ KHT / NHT / ARDS / HOC / SGU/ HYDROGEN/SULPHUR / UTILITIES/ TANKFARM/ MARINE )  . Nationality :  Indian Email Id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]
Technical Writer;Collasys Global Services LLP;India;4 - 6 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Job Description  : Description : ACCOUNTABILITIES Writes ,  edits and proofs hardcopy and online documents for consistency .  Examples :  reference documents for hardware and software products ,  code ,  user interface tests ,  white papers ,   application   Program Interface and Command Line Interface Documentation ,  online help systems .  Ensures all deliverables are technically and mechanically accurate .  Collaborates with department team members ,  engineering  ,  marketing ,  services ,  legal ,  regulatory and others to develop content for standard docu Description Comments Job Description :  4 - 6 Yrs Works with internal and external organizations to develop ,  plan and write/edit internal and external technical documentation .  Work requires use of the appropriate editorial/logical methodologies and process management .  Ensures that documentation is written in a manner that customers with limited to highly proficient technical product knowledge can understand and use the material .  Partners with d If ferent internal stakeholders to complete various documentation needs for the various lines of business .   -  Understands and applies principles ,  concepts ,  theories ,  technologies and standards of professional field .   - Develops and applies specialized knowledge within own discipline .   -  Deepens knowledge through exposure to new assignments and continuous learning .   -  Knowledge of related industry considerations .   -  Good working knowledge and demonstrated ability utilizing systems ,  tools and procedures to accomplish job .   -  Builds deeper  understanding   of processes ,  procedures ,  customers and organization .   -  Assists program or process development and implementation .   -  Coordinates activities and processes .   -  Problem Solving Education :  Bachelor of engineering   ( any discipline )  / Bachelor of Science / BCA / MCA / B .  Sc .  Computer Science TW experience :  4 to 6 years
Chemical Engineers  -  Canada;Asha Kiran Immigration Services Private Limited;Canada;4 - 6 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Fulfill your dream to get job in abroad and make a career in Chemical engineering  .  No need of spending lakhs for getting a job in abroad .  Make your own future in highly paid countries Canada . Benefits :  - • Explore  international   opportunities in engineering  Canada . • Full time work • Earn  international   Grade salary . • Fulfill your dream to job in abroad and make a career . • Canada offers endless job for Chemical engineering  . • Make your own future in highly paid countries in Canada . Qual If ication :   -  B . Tech or Diploma Experience  :  -  4 - 6 years minimum Please mail your bio data and copies of all documents immediately and contact us in our nearest center for registration .  ashakiran . canada[AT] gmail   . com Call -  - 9015100500 Warm Regards , ASHA KIRAN Immigration Services Pvt .  Ltd B - 1/507 , 1st Floor ,  District Centre , Janakpuri ,  New Delhi - 110058 Ph :  +91 - 9015100500 XX1 - 471/B - 30 ,  Swarnam Square Byepass Road ,  [Opp Treasury] Kerala -  680307 2nd Floor Mulavana Building Good Shepherd Road Manorama Jn . Kottayam Kerala - 1 www . ashakiranimmigration . com ashakiran . euro[AT] gmail   . com canada . aki01[AT] gmail   . com
Air Sampling Technician;Asmacs;Saudi  arabia  ;5 - 10 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Air Sampling Technician Have at least a chemical ,  engineering  or environmental science Baccalaureus degree Preferably have QSTI cert If ication or equivalent cert If ication . 5 - 10 years of hands - on experience in the emission sampling and testing methods Have experience in operating equipment in ambient air quality stations . Be willing to travel and have a Saudi driver’s license Be familiar with calculations required after sampling were conducted Be able to l If t and carry up to 30 kg ,  climb ladders ,  and be comfortable working at heights .                 Have knowledge of basic mechanical and electrical terminology and troubleshooting skills Be able to support equipment repair ,  calibration and maintenance Have knowledge of basic mechanical and electrical terminology and troubleshooting skills . Have knowledge of and proficiency with Microsoft Office and Adobe  application  s . Be able to use right hand tools . Have strong communication skills in English and the ability to work cohesively within a team . Perform testing as per work order Collect field samples as per requirement Carryout testing job assigned to them under the direct supervision of Technical Operational Manager . Maintain data and relevant document for future reference Maintain and record as per ISO 17025 requirement Nationality :  indian Email Id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]
Civil Engineer , Site engineer , Site supervisor , Construction engineer , Project engineer;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 2 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Civil Engineer , Site engineer , Site supervisor , Construction engineer , Project engineer , 9619184652 FACILITY PROVIDE  -  PF + MEDICAL FACILITY + TRAVELING ALLOWANCE Education  :  - Bachelor of Technology  ( B . Tech ) /  (  Iti  )   ( Diploma )  Bachelor of engineering   ( B . E .  )  mandatory Experience  :  - Freshers as Production/ Quality Control/ Chemical Design / in Chemical mandatory Manufacturing / engineering  preferred  location  :  - thane / masjid bunder / andheri / mirard / vasai / vashi / panvel / kandiwali / goregaon / malad / krula Gender :  -  Male  &  Female preferred Sh If t Time  :  - 9 :  30 am  -  6 : 30 pm  ( day sh If t ) ` Weekly Working Days  :  - 6 Days Weekly off  :  - sunday , Interview Time :  -  11 : 00 am  -  4 : 00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person :  ISHA Contact Details :  - Click To Call HR : 9619184652
Chemical technologists and technicians Canada PSMy;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Canada;9 - 14 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description This group performs some or all of the following duties : Chemical technologists : Set up and conduct chemical experiments ,  tests and analyses using techniques such as chromatography ,  spectroscopy ,  physical and chemical separation techniques and microscopy . Operate and maintain laboratory equipment and apparatus and prepare solutions of gas or liquid ,  reagents ,  and sample formulations Compile records and interpret experimental or analytical results . Develop and conduct programs of sampling and analysis to maintain quality standards of raw materials ,  chemical intermediates and products . Assist in the development of chemical engineering  processes ,  studies of chemical engineering  procurement ,  construction ,  inspection and maintenance and the development of standards ,  procedures and health and safety measures . Operate experimental chemical or petrochemical pilot plants Conduct or assist in air and water quality testing and assessments ,  environmental monitoring and protection activities ,  and development of and compliance with standards . Assist in synthesis of small molecules for the purpose of creating drug candidates . Assist in the design and fabrication of experimental apparatus . Chemical technicians : Assist in setting up and conducting chemical experiments ,  tests and analyses . Operate and maintain laboratory equipment and apparatus and prepare solutions of gas and liquid ,  reagents and sample formulations . Compile records for analytical studies . Assist in developing and conducting programs of sampling and analysis to maintain quality standards . Carry out a limited range of other technical functions in support of chemical research ,  tests and analyses ,  and environmental air and water quality monitoring and protection . Assist in the design and fabrication of experimental apparatus .
Mechanical Engineer ,  Design Engineer ,  Mechanical Design ,  Automobile Engineer;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Mechanical Engineer ,  Design Engineer ,  Mechanical Design ,  Automobile Engineer job 8422051372 Mumbai/Navi Mumbai/Thane HEAD OFFICE IN MULUND SSC/HSC/GRADUATE FRESHER CANDIDATE CAN APPLY Call Now  :  - HR SONIYA 8422051372  Salary Offered :  - 12000 to 25000 Per month Salary :   - 12k to 15k + Incentives + PF + Other Benefits . FACILITY  -  PF + INSURANCE + MEDICAL FACILITY FACILITY PROVIDE  -  PF + INSURANCE + MEDICAL FACILITY + TRAVELING ALLOWANCE Education :  - Bachelor of Technology  ( B . Tech ) /  (  Iti  )   ( Diploma )  Bachelor of engineering   ( B . E .  )  mandatory Experience  :  - Freshers as Production/ Quality Control/ Mechanical Design / in Chemical mandatory Manufacturing / engineering  preferred skill :  - production , maintenance , quality , Design , autocad ,  solidworks Age  :  - Above 18 yrs  location  :  - thane ,  / sion / vashi / panvel / navi Mumbai / andheri / goregaon / mirard/ vasai / kurla Call Now  :  - HR SONIYA 8422051372
Process Safety Consultant _ Manager _ O & G;SKC Management Consultancy Private Limited;Delhi;5 - 15 Years;Not Spec If ied;"Job Description Currently we have urgent requirement for following positions in DELHI for a  well  - known Process Safety Consulting ,  Testing and Training Company . Please read complete Job Profile before submitting your  application   . We are looking for candidates with spec If ic experience mentioned in the job profile . JOB PROFILE APPLY ONLY  If  YOU SATISFY ALL BELOW CRITERIA Process Safety Manager _ Consultant A competent and qual If ied Process Safety Management professional to work in mid / senior level for their operations in Delhi .  Please note that hands on experience in PSM is a  Must  . As a Safety Consultant your job functions would primarily be  - • To conduct effective technical audit and investigation on various Process safety engagements in Chemical ,  Petrochemical ,  Pharmaceutical ,  Oil  &  Gas and other core sector industries . • To work contentiously as a part of a team to deliver comprehensive and credible reports Experience : Five to F If teen years of hands - on experience in process safety in the following areas : • Process Safety Management • HAZOP ,  SIL ,  and other PSM Workshops • Quantitative Risk Assessment  ( QRA ) ; • Hazardous Area Class If ication Educational Qual If ications : • Bachelor/ Master Degree in engineering  preferably in Chemical engineering  . Salary :  Negotiable .  If  you have matching experience and interested to relocate ,  reply asap with Updated CV  ( in  . doc format )  with Photo and Total years of experience in PSM Total years as Consultant/Manager in PSM Present/Last Salary Expected Salary Current  location Contact Number Joining/Notice Period With Regards Recruitment Team SKC Management Consultancy ,  Cochin eMail :  [HIDDEN TEXT] Call 0091 9249598487 Excellent opportunity for experienced persons ."
Design Engineer  -  Calculation  ( Pressure Vessel );Radial HR Solutions;Bengaluru / Bangalore;1 - 6 Years;300000 - 400000;Job Description Design Engineer  -  Calculation  ( Pressure Vessel ) About Company :  Company is into Biopharma industry . They design  &  build high - end bio process equipment .  sector . Job Description : Education  :  BE – Chemical /Mechanical engineering Technical Skills required  :  Experience in all Pressure Vessel Calculations as per ASME – Sec . 8 Dev . 01 by Manual method .  :    Experience in AutoCAD   &  Autodesk Inventor will be added advantage . Experience  :  2 TO 3 years Salary  :  3 to 4 Lacs Role : Preparing Design  Data Sheet based on the customer input  & Preparations of vessel data sheets .   . Preparation of all Design Calculations related to pressure vessels through ASME BPVC Section VIII Division I ,  Manually  &  added  Knowledge on software calculations like PVElite . Pressure vessels design as per PED 2014/68/EU  ( Design  &  Drawings ) Preparing all the documents required for 3rd party approval  &  C - ordination with Inspection agency . Preparation ,  Ver If ication of 2D  ( GA ,  FABRICATION  &  PART )  drawings . Preparation  &  Ver If ication of  Skid ,  Platform and Ladders supports Ver If ication of Pipe routings through ASME BPE requirements .  location  : Bangalore Design Engineer  -  Calculation  ( Pressure Vessel )  ,  Pressure Vessel Calculation ,  Vessel Calculation ,  vessel ,  Calculation ,  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  - Please share the below details and send your resume to radialhr{at} gmail  [dot]com for us to expedite the process : Email Subject :    # 992385 -  Design Engineer  -  Calculation  ( Pressure Vessel ) Position applied for : Design Engineer  -  Calculation  ( Pressure Vessel ) Total Exp : Relavant experience? : Current CTC : Current  location  : Willing to work at Bangalore? : Qual If ication : Expected CTC : Notice Period : Job Posted by : Radial HR Solutions www . radialhr . com
Chemical Engineer / Process Engineer / Simulation Engineer;Triangle Simulation Private Limited;Mumbai;2 - 5 Years;200000 - 300000;Job Description • Chemical/Petro Chemical Engineer  ( B . E /B . Tech / M . Tech ) •  Should  have knowledge regarding various process operation of Power/Refinery/Fertilizer plant •  Should  have basic knowledge of unit operations in chemical engineering  . •  Should  Have Knowledge of doing Simulation Projects On HYSYS ,  ASPEN ,  CHEMCAD  &  CHEMSOL or Equivalent software tools . •  Should  be responsible for designing  &  manufacturing of educational lab scale equipments • Will be involved in development of Operator Training Simulators using VC++  ,  VB and other specialized utilities developed by firm and will be working in a team  ( as a team member )  . • Knowledge regarding various DCS/SCADA system will be added advantages •  Should  be a self - starter and a quick learner .  Good soft - skills such as problem solving skills ,  good communication skills ,  interpersonal skills ,  team playing skills are essential . • Candidate  Should  be willing to travel anywhere in India or abroad as per the company’s requirement  &  Policy .
Team Leader  -  Collections;Conneqt Business Solutions Limited;India;1 - 4 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Job Description  : 1 .  Preferred B . COM Graduate .  Good English communication skills Verbal  &  written 2 .   Should  be able deal corporate customers 3 .   Should  be target oriented 4 .  Candidate with some prior work exp in Collections would be preferred 5 .   Should  have 2 wheeler *Telecom Background People are more preferable . Salary :  300 , 000 . 00 to 350 , 000 . 00 /year Experience : work :  1 year  ( Preferred ) total work :  1 year  ( Preferred ) Education : Bachelors  ( Preferred )
Project Management;Golden Opportunities Private Limited;Bengaluru / Bangalore;5 - 13 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Description Project Management _  AM/M Candidate Expectation :  Skill set :  Project management ,  PMP/Prince Total and Relevant Experience :  5 to13 Years Education and cert If ications :  MBA ( Preferred )  Job Description :  Excellent Project Management experience .  Expertise in Data center build .  Knowledge in MS projects ,  Define plans ,  Drafting plans ,  Information security .  Experience in SIEM ,  Software Implementation ,  ServiceNow Implementation .   Must  be Prince2 or PMP cert If ied .  Excellent communication skills .
OJT Assessor ,  Training Instructor;Asmacs;Kuwait;12 - 16 Years;Not Spec If ied;"Job Description OJT Assessor  Qual If ications  &  Knowledge Experience 12 years of education ,  GCE ‘O’ Level ,  or HND in Technology; a recognized degree in Technology/engineering  ,  Chemical ,  Mechanical ,  Process and/or Electrical is preferred . 10 years’ experience in refining Operations ,  process plant pre - commissioning/commissioning with an engineering  qual If ication in any discipline or equal experience with a lower qual If ication; knowledge of process/equipment maintenance . 5 years’ experience in developing Operating  &  Maintenance procedures or similar documents Formal Assessor Qual If ications .  Preferably OPITO ,  NVQ ,  TAA ,  TAE ,  SQA or equivalent . Previous experience of working in the UAE/Middle East/Africa/Asia is essential as is experience of working in a multi discipline ,  multi - national team .   Training Instructor  Qual If ication :  Degree or Diploma in Chemical engineering  or Equivalent Experience required  -  Minimum 8 years of experience in refinery operations positions of increasing responsibilities such as Field Operator ,  Console/Control Room Operator ,  Supervisor ,  including exposure to multiple refinery units . Develop refinery unit operating procedures ,  operating manuals ,  training manuals ,  qual If ication assessments ,  and other training materials Perform internal technical reviews of training documentation ,  Instruct training classes and field training for operator qual If ications ,  Implement training plans . Provide end user refinery unit spec If ic coaching and problem solving Experience using Microsoft Office software ,  spec If ically Microsoft Word ,  PowerPoint and Visio Ability to read piping and instrumentation diagrams  ( P & IDs )  and other engineering  drawings Nationality :  Indian Email Id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Executive Assistant to MD  &  CEO;Sign On Solutions Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;3 - 10 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Executive Assistant to MD  &  CEO  (  Cadre  :  MANAGER ) Key responsibilities  ( 1 )  Working with d If ferent functions on the achievement of budgeted performance and excellence in operations  &  strategic impact  ( 2 )  Work with external agencies/organizations  ( industry  &  govt .  bodies ,  banks  & financial institutions ,  consulting firms ,  etc .  )  on spec If ic tasks  &  initiatives  ( 3 )  Anchor periodic performance reviews of various functions/projects  ( 4 )  Championing the overall cause of business performance ,  compliance and sustainability Qual If ications Graduate in Chemical engineering /Chemistry with PGDM from IIM or any other premier management institute  (  XLRI ,  XIBM ,  MDI ,  SPJAIN ,  FMS ,  NMIMS / any other Institutes with similar stature ) Experience : Min 3 years experience post PGDM in the role of Executive Assistant to senior leaders in a reputed organization ,  preferably chemical / pharma companies Age group :  25 to 35 years Capabilities desired Good techno - commercial ,  communication and organizing skills Career prospects :  The person is expected to assume direct business responsibilities in next years .
Technical Project Manager;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Ahmedabad ,  Mumbai;10 - 15 Years;1200000 - 1500000;Job Description Job Description :  - • Technical coordination with all concerned parties for new Projects .   • To secure technical information from plant ,  analyze it and present to the Technical Head / Director for any actions required .   • To understand plant problems and suggest bottleneck of the same • Ensure production quantity and quality of the plant .   • To attend meetings and take decision regarding following matters :   -   • Initiate and supervise all Procurement activities like inviting quotations from vendors ,  preparation of Bid Analysis ,  negotiations with vendors ,  issuing Purchase Orders and follow ups .   • Supervise installation ,  Erection  &  Commissioning Activities of the new projects .   • Liasoning with local State Industrial Developmental Corporation officials and other government agencies for all Project related work .
R & D LEAD SCIENTIST;VAS  international  ;Saudi  arabia  ;7 - 15 Years;4560000 - 6060000;"Job Description                                                         our client  leading engineering  construction and contracting company in Saudi arabia   known  as  international  JAL  ( www . jalint . com . sa )   well Established isince1986KNOWN AS ,  JAL  international   is a 100% Saudi Company and has carved a name in the Plant Maintenance ,  Construction ,  Manufacturing Business and contributed a sign If icant part to Saudi  arabia  ’s industrial and infrastructural development efforts are urgently in need OF R & D LEAD SCIENTIST  ( FEMALE )  FOR THEIR CLIENT AIR PRODUCTS LOCATED AT AL - KHOBAR SAUDI  arabia    R & D LEAD SCIENTIST   ( FEMALE )  POSITION SUMMARY DUCATION AND EXPERIENCE • PhD degree in Chemistry ,  Chemical engineering  ,  Water Treatment or a related field or MS with 7+ years of experience . • Working knowledge/be familiar with water treatment  application  s as it relates to desalination ,  ion exchange ,  oil removal ,  metal removal ,  biological treatment ,  sludge handling ,  boiler and steam systems ,  sour water strippers ,  etc . • Extensive experience and focal expertise in Reinfery or Gas If ication operations would be beneficial • Experience and ability to work across multiple disciplines  -  project management ,  water quality ,  and support of large - scale advanced water treatment facility operations , • Hands on experience in practical aspects ofthe affect of water treatment chemistries on traditional water treatment processes . • Ability to supervise and train junior group members . • Good writing and communication skills in English . • Experience in preparation of progress reports and peer - reviewed publications • The employee will be part of a technology team for Air Products new technology center in Dhahran Techno Valley  ( DTV )  in Saudi  arabia   . • The employee will also be part of the Global Gas If ication Technology team supporting Air Products’ gas If ication business worldwide . • This individual with be a global expert in water treatment chemistries and  application  ssupporting all of Air Products’ global businesses . • Primary focus will be on understanding   ,  optimizing existing and developing new water treatment processes to support residue gas If ication facilities   . • The job may require occasional travel to operating sites . PRINCIPAL DUTIES AND RESPONSBILITIES • Develop fundamental  understanding   of water treatment chemistries and processes in Air Products’ plants . • Serve as a water chemistry expert for the Air Products operating fleet and engineering  design team . • Collect and analyze operating data from the field ,  ident If y and fix problems ,  and optimize performance . • Contribute to  hands - on field assistance at plant sites during pilot trials ,  system construction and commissioning ,  and provide support services and troubleshoot any problems that arise with waste water plant . Proactively ident If y new ,  cost effective water treatment options .  Help design ,  install ,  and test experimental equipment to demonstrate performance .  Lead projects to incorporate new technologies into the plants and future designs . • Provide training to operating ,  engineering  ,  and technology staff members involved in water treatment chemistries . • Will initiate liaising with academic partners and research institutions to ident If y new water treatment technologies of interest • Will also be responsible for report preparation and presentations ,  publications . SKILLS • Job incumbent is expected to serve as a global subject matter expert for watertreatment processes and water  chemistries including   surface water and waste water treatment . • Have good leadership skills ,  good scient If ic and engineering  problem - solving skills ,  good interpersonal and communication skills ,  and enthusiasm about his/her mission . • Capable of developing research strategies aligned with business and organizational goals • Able to mentor junior research team members and contribute to the overall development of the Technology Center and the Global Gas If ication Technology team • Able to build collaborative relationships with regional Universities and Companies • Ability to operate independently and as a part of a high - functioning team • Fluency in written and spoken English is a necessity . • The role requires a experienced water treatment professional with subject matter expert level knowledge of :   ( in order of importance ) o Industrial Waste Water Treament with focus on Refinery or Gas If ication  application  s o Surface Water Treatment for use as Boiler Feed Water o Internal Boiler Chemistry and steam system chemistries o Working knowledge of simulation softwares for modeling water chemistries or water/waste water processes SALARY ; - SAR . 35 , 000 to 40 , 000/ -  + family status .  SAUDI NATIONAL PREFERED BUT OTHER  NATIONALITY WILL ALSO BE CONSIDERED . PLEASE SEND YOUR UPDATED RESUME WITH CONTACT DETAILS ATTACHING ALL TESTIMONIALS AND EXPERIENCE CERT If ICATE BY EMAIL TO [HIDDEN TEXT]T MR . VAIDYANATHAN ON IMO OR WHTS UP +91 - 9819070988 . AWAITING YOUR UPDATED CV FOR  DOING THE NEED FULTHANKS AND REGARDSN . J . VAIDYANATHANVAS international  +91 - 9819070988 WHATS UP OR IUMO"
Technical Writer;Collasys Global Services LLP;India;3 - 5 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Job Description  : Technical Wwriter 3 to 5 Years IT Background Only Immediate Joinee
Chemical Engineer;New Global Technologies;Noida ,  Pune;0 - 5 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Diploma / Degree in chemical engineering  ,   Should  be prompt in attending all types of alarms and effectively , oil ,  gas ,  process ,  production ,  quality ,  research co - ordinate with site personnel for timely corrections to troubleshoot and resolve the issues  -  Must  have good Subject Knowledge  -  Must  be ready to work in day night sh If ts for 8 - 10 Hrs  - Extra amount to be paid  If  working more than 2 Hrs in addition to 8 Hrs of working . Freshers can apply .
Fire Assay Cupellation Technician ,  Fire Assay Technical Manager;Asmacs;United Arab Emirates;3 - 5 Years;Not Spec If ied;"Job Description Fire Assay Cupellation Technician  The ideal candidate will be responsible for using their fire assay experience to perform cupellation analysis and deliver results as per ASTM Standards .  This candidate  Should  feel comfortable using microbalances ,  furnaces ,  and strong acids involved in Precious Metal Laboratories .  Fire Assay Technicians performs basic routine and non - routine duties  ( including troubleshooting ,  documentation and light maintenance )  related to the analysis of sample by fire assay by cupellation . DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES  Set up and charge cupels set per information provided and training for mixing ,  including discarding all crucibles that  Should  be discarded Ensure fast and accurate processing of incoming samples in priority sequence Perform and document quality checks at all stages of sample handling Operate furnace equipment and ensure all required calibration records and maintenance are maintained Comply with all occupational safety regulations ,  laboratory safety procedures ,  and requirements of ISO 17025 Quality management system SOP’s Other duties as assigned from time to time Obtain all necessary safety related training as required for spec If ic hazards - i . e respirator fit and use ,  continuing blood lead and health monitoring checks . Use and maintain fit for all required PPE ,  including PPE spec If ic to Fire Assay hazards EXPERIENCE AND QUAL If ICATION  Experience using heavy equipment is an asset Prior experience as a fire assayer or Bachelor in Chemistry / engineering  Discipline Experience with Fire Assay according to ASTM ,  BSI or IS Standards Preferred SKILLS ,  KNOWLEDGE AND ABILITIES  Excellent English ,  verbal and written  ( includes ability to document procedural changes as discovered during assigned troubleshooting tasks ) Able and willing to work in hot environments wearing PPE spec If ic to Fire Assay hazards Basic math and data entry skills Strong organizing and time management skills Strong interpersonal skills Able to work independently and as a part of a team Experience : Technical :  3 years  ( Preferred ) Fire Assay Technical Manager  EXPERIENCE AND QUAL If ICATION  Bachelor Degree in Chemistry or Chemical engineering  discipline with a minimum of 3+ years working experience in Precious Metal Laboratories as a supervisor following ISO 17025 Guidelines . Master in Chemistry Preferred SKILLS ,  KNOWLEDGE  &  RESPONSIBILITIES  It is understood that as an employee you have fiduciary responsibility to the company to perform your duties in a professional and timely manner .  This includes the adherence to all company policies . Demonstrate initiative ,  innovation and resourcefulness Possess strong analytical abilities and excellent organizational skills and ability to multi - task Demonstrate leadership qualities ,  pro - active and quality driven Possess an  understanding   of the fire assay process and ability to troubleshoot Ability to provide suggestions and act on the next plausible step when problems arise Exhibit strong time management skills and ability to work efficiently under pressure to meet deadlines Ability to work as a team member ,  independently and work with minimal supervision Monitor the performance of laboratory and improve them Establish effective working relationships and manage conflict constructively/positively Excellent interpersonal and communication skills in English; Arabic or Hindi/Urdu are advantageous Proficiency in use of Microsoft office  application  s including WORD ,  Excel and PowerPoint DUTIES  &  RESPONSIBILITIES :  The following responsibilities may include some or all of the following or any other tasks assigned directly or indirectly . Manage staff and operation of process of weighing samples ,  fire assay ,  instrumentation and data review Organize work orders and scheduling work according to priority on a daily basis for all currently active sh If ts Daily Management of department :  monitor and motivate technicians ,  safe working conditions and efficiency in department ,  housekeeping Management of human resources and applying corrective actions to the fire assay department Monitor the staff ,  ensure results are delivered on time with high quality and according to client requirements ,  work overtime when required to meet due dates Utilize technical knowledge of fire assay to improve the quality and efficiency of the process Provide guidance and supervision so that SOP’s are understood and followed Maintain laboratory equipment/instruments in the Fire Assay area in good working condition and report deficiencies promptly Perform procedures in the absence of a technician or due to insufficient staffing in order to meet turn - around time Maintain weekly production records Ensure full compliance with the company’s Safety ,  Health  &  Safety ,  confidentiality ,  ISO 17025 and Professional Conduct Policies Foster and Maintain a positive environment by ensuring that all employees are treated with respect ,  grievances are dealt in a timely manner and communication with employees ensures a quality operation Experience : Technical :  5 years  ( Preferred ) Nationality :  Indian Email Id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Sh If t Incharge  -  Urea  -  Babrala  ( UP );Samridhi;Delhi;11 - 21 Years;770000 - 1850000;Job Description Experience Required  : • Years of Experience 7 to 23 years in Urea Plant • Working as a Sh If t Incharge in Urea plant since 7 Years •  Must  have experience in Fertilizers Industry • Qual If ication :  B . Tech in Chemical engineering / Diploma  If  Interested then share your CV at [HIDDEN TEXT]
Urgent Opening For Civil Engineer / Mechanical Engineer / Chemical Engineer;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Urgent Opening For Civil Engineer / Mechanical Engineer / Chemical Engineer Call No  :  -  HR SHRUTI MAM 8657300790Qual If ication  :  -  DIPLOMA / BE / B TECH  location   :  -  Dombivli  ,  Thane  ,  Mulund  ,  Ghatkopar  ,  Andheri  ,  Navi Mumbai Salary  :  -  12k To 20k Fresher  &  Experience Age  :  -  18 To 35 Sh If t Timing  :  -  10 . 00 To 6 . 00        Sun  :  -  Off Male / Female Email ID  :  -  [HIDDEN TEXT]
Lab Technician Laboratory Technician Lab Chemist Blood Collection Collections Job 8657560868;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Lab Technician Laboratory Technician Lab Chemist Blood Collection Collections Job 8657560868  ( Mumbai Candidate Can Apply ) Mumbai/Navi Mumbai/Thane SSC/HSC Fresher Can Apply Walk In Interview In Mulund Call Now  :  - HR ALISHA 8657560868 ob Summary Own and maintain the pigment portfolio :  qual If ication of new pigments ,  quality and sustainability of the existing portfolio Computes quantity of dyes required for machine of spec If ied capacity ,  using desk calculator and dye formula . Gathers ,  weighs ,  measures ,  and mixes dyes and chemicals ,  using scales . Creates reports with samples of dyes Submits dyed sample to supervisor for inspection with reports  Should  be familiar with Physical testing of pigments Sample preparation  &  assist to Chemist/X - R ay Analyzer as  &  when required . Supervise Raw Material sampling  &  preparation in - side for controlling the quality of Raw materials receipts Build and share knowledge about pigments ,  effects and performance testing protocols . Provide support in the development of new products in close cooperation with directors Create sample material and conduct requested tests according to our standard procedure Generating ,  registering and reporting data with clear conclusions and recommendations to internal stakeholders Time management  -  plan your own tasks and ,   If  necessary ,  ident If y bottlenecks . Works with compound formulations ,  focusing on blending ,  compounding and secondary steps in conversion including injection molding and film extrusion . Develop new formulas for color samples ,  which meet the requirements of customer . Seeks out new techniques and methods to continuously improve our samples including :  blending ,  compounding ,  conversion effectiveness and quality .  Must  be able to take lead on collecting data during processing and to clearly communicate complex details .  Information will be critical to scale - up and plant support for commercial orders . Complete experiments and record data and observations on pigments and additives . Utilizes automated systems and technology  ( PC ,  Color Computer ,  etc .  )  to develop ,  diagnose and/or improve processes and resolve customer issues . Complete hand - outs ,  color chips and samples for customers .  This may include larger projects like marketing hand - outs  ( chip booklets .  ) Performs work in accordance with good safety practices .  Work with high degree of safety awareness .   Must  wear appropriate PPE  ( personal protective equipment .  ) Maintains a written database of projects ,  procedures ,  and results . Other duties as assigned Key Skills 2+ years work experience ,  Knowledge on color and measurement techniques  ( Cielab ,  Datacolor ) Job Type :  Full - time Salary :  ?200 , 000 . 00 to ?300 , 000 . 00 /year Experience : total work :  1 year  ( Preferred ) relevant work :  1 year  ( Preferred ) Education : Higher Secondary ( 12th Pass )   ( Preferred ) Benefits : Paid leaves / Leave encashment Industry : Chemical engineering
Instrumentation Engineer;Arihant Engineers;Mumbai;2 - 3 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Preparation of Data sheet , Cable schedule ,  Interconnect diagrams ,  Loop Diagrams ,  IO Listing ,  C & I  , Instrument Index ,  Hookup ,  F & G Layout ,  Cable block Diagram ,  sizing control valves Knowledge of Navisworks review s/wAssisting Instrument lead/HOD Prepare inst .  TBA/CBA
Sr .  Professional  -  Commissioning Exp only Fertilizer  -  Ammon / Urea;null;Mumbai City;7 - 12 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Qual If ications : The candidate  Must  hold a BE / B .  Tech degree in Chemical engineering  .   Must  have a minimum of 18  (  maximum 22  ) Years of experience in Operation  &  Commissioning and minimum of 5 years experience in Pre - Commissioning  &  commissioning in Refinery / Petrochemicals / Fertilizers . Only Candidates having experience in pre - commissioning and commissioning of at least one world scale ammonia or refinery unit or LNG import terminal  Should  apply . § Must  have experience in pre - commissioning and commissioning of Ammonia or Refinery unit § Should  have experience in hydrocarbon feed - in and Start - up . § Should  have worked at least in sh If t  - in charge level and capable to lead commissioning of compressors  ,  turbines  ,  reformer etc § Should  have experience in preparing project Pre - Commissioning and Commissioning procedures § Should  be proficient in preparing and monitoring Pre - Commissioning and Commissioning Schedule . Job Description : §Work involves both office and site assignments §Develop system definitions on marked up P & ID and its list . §Ensure that engineering  is developed considering Commissioning requirements . §Will be responsible to reflect all Commissioning philosophy to engineering  by reviewing P & ID and 3D model . §Review design from isolation and segregation perspective . §Review vendor packages for ease of Commissioning and Operation . §Prepare general and detailed pre commissioning procedures including flushing plan  ,  mechanical run test  ,  tightness test  ,  inerting plans etc  . §Prepare system based Commissioning sequences and schedule in conjunction with Construction Planning and in cooperation with Project Control Team . §When posted at site  ,  Will be responsible for overall Commissioning works and will be directly responsible for preparing a comprehensive phased commissioning strategy ,  overall planning necessary to cover all aspects of Commissioning including the staffing and staff mobilization for the work . §Will be responsible for coordinating with Construction Team and the Project Control Team to ensure that the project schedule reflects the required sequence of system and subsystem completion to meet all the objectives in Start - up and Operation of the plant . §Will be responsible to review and authorize all the works executed by Commissioning Engineer / Operator . §Will be responsible for overall Commissioning safety ,  quality ,  and schedule . §Will be responsible for site wide Commissioning ,  coordination and interface with the Owner Operation team . Candidates meeting the above profile can rush their detailed cv immediately to [HIDDEN TEXT] which  Should  incorporate the following  :  - 1 Present  location 2 No .  of years exp . 3 Present CTC 4 Expectation 5 Notice Period Require for Joining 6 Address in detail along with Pin code Interested Candidate call on Landline :  -  022 - 49748433 / Mobile  :  91+ 9930596968 Contact Person  -  Ms .  Sheetal Torne .
Operation Specialist  ( CDU/VDU )  , Training Specialist  ( BOILER );Asmacs;Kuwait;5 - 7 Years;Not Spec If ied;"Job Description Operation Specialist  ( CDU/VDU )    Qual If ication :  Bachelor Degree/Diploma Experience :   Should  have minimum 5 to 7 years experience in Oil  &  Gas ,  Petrochemical Plant Industry Training Specialist  ( BOILER )  Qual If ication :  Technical Diploma in chemical or process engineering Experience :   Should  have minimum 5 to 7 years experience in Oil  &  Gas ,  Petrochemical Plant .  Experience with various training methods ,  including on - the - job coaching ,  mentor - ship programs . Good people management ,  outstanding communication skills and interpersonal skills . Knowledge of refinery operating process ,  power point presentations; previous exposure to commissioning and start up Nationality :  Indian Email Id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Team Leader  -  Operations;Golden Opportunities Private Limited;Tumkur;3 - 7 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Description Team Leader  -  Operations Job Description Co - ordinates functions and activities with other department heads as assigned .  Monitors and controls ,  on an on - going basis :  Quality levels of product and service Customer satisfaction Merchandising and marketing Operating costs  &  Maximizing sales .  Sanitation ,  cleanliness and hygiene of the entire area under his purview .  Ensure optimum performance in spec If ic jobs assigned in the above areas .  SOP?s being followed .  Sets up targets/ goals for the department ,  makes constant effort to achieve the same .  Candidate Expectation  :  3+ years of experience into Hotel ,  restaurant ,  QSR or Retail operations Candidate in and around Tumkur  location  is preferred Strong in People Management and Customer Service Speaking in Kannada ia mandatory Flexible working hours .   Should  be a Team Builder .
Process Design Engineer ,  Trainee Engineer  -  Process;Asmacs;Kuwait;8 - 10 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Process Design Engineer  Qual If ication :  BE in Chemical engineering Experience :   Should  have minimum 8 Experienced in plant Process design works in Refinery ,  Oil  &  Gas ,  Chemical and Petrochemical industry .  Working knowledge in Pipenet ,  HYSYS ,  PIPESIM ,  SP PID is required .  Experience in finalizing PFD ,  P & ID ,  Cause  &  Effect Diagrams ,  Line list ,  Tie - in List ,  Process studies  ( Surge ,  Hydraulic ,  NPSHA ,  Simulation ,  vessel sizing ,  line sizing  &  Line pressure drop )  ,  Operation  &  Maintenance manual and commissioning procedure .  In depth Knowledge on process software is mandatory .  Experience in HAZOP ,  QRA and PHASER report review and implementation in design deliverables .  Vendor package review and preparation of Process data sheets for the process equipment .   Trainee Engineer  -  Process  Qual If ication :  Bachelor of engineering Experience :  Fresher to 2 years experience in respective discipline Nationality :  Indian Email Id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]
Technical Writer;Param Info Computer Services Private Limited;Dubai;5 - 7 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Job Descriptions : Maintain documentation in a standard format following established guidelines . Review documents for style ,  clarity ,  grammar ,  and punctuation . Ident If y and correct inconsistencies of thought ,  development ,  or organization and confer with authors to recommend an appropriate adjustment in the treatment of materials . Ensure compliance with department and company procedures . Actively seek and monitor information on regulatory changes and developmentInterface with engineers ,  project teams ,  regulatory teams ,  and management to develop an  understanding   of the product ,  component ,  or device changes . Respond to requests for clar If ication or explanation of reference materials and technical documentation
Subject Matter Expert  ( Rotational Sh If t );Centaur Recruiters;Delhi;1 - 5 Years;150000 - 360000;Job Description • Subject Matter Experts need to provide solutions ,  following the defined guideline up to Graduation level . • Good Time management skills and ability to work with Deadlines . • Earning potential will be as good as your speed of providing high quality solutions  . • Work from Office  ( Full Time )   Desired Candidate Profile : • Excellent Subject Knowledge . • Good command over written English . • Education Qual If ication – Graduate/Postgraduate . Subjects Available : PCMB 1 Physics 2 Chemistry 3 Math/Calculus 4 Biology Business 1 Accounting 2 Economics 3 Operations Management 4 Statistics  &  Probability  engineering /Advanced Subjects 1 Advanced Math 2 Advanced Physics 3 Chemical engineering Working Time : • Rotational Sh If t • 7 days working  ( 2 Rotational Off ) • Sh If t Allowance + Pick  &  Drop Service  ( For Night Sh If t ) Selection Rounds : • Online Objective Test • Language Assessment Exam • Face - to - Face Interview
Technical Writer;Collasys Global Services LLP;India;2 - 4 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Job Description  : Job Description -
Mechanical sales engineer ,  Chemical sales engineer ,  Electrical sales engineer;Asmacs;Kuwait;2 - 3 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Mechanical sales engineer  Qual If ication :  Degree in Mechanical engineering  . Experience :  Minimum 2 - 3 years’ experience in procurement  &  sales related to refinery/oil  &  petrochemical industry RESPONSIBILITIES  To make new foreign Principals for various Mechanical products . To introduce and promote Principal’s products to customer . To handle complete tendering activities independently . To explore new business opportunities for continual growth Chemical sales engineer  Qual If ication :  Degree in Chemical engineering Experience :  Minimum 2 - 3 years’ experience in procurement  &  sales related to refinery/oil  &  petrochemical industry RESPONSIBILITIES  To make new foreign Principals for various Chemical products . To introduce and promote Principal’s products to customer . To handle complete tendering activities independently . To explore new business opportunities for continual growth .  Electrical sales engineer  Qual If ication :  Degree in Electrical engineering Experience :  Minimum 2 - 3 years’ experience in procurement  &  sales related to refinery/oil  &  petrochemical industry RESPONSIBILITIES  To promote sales of principal products To independently handle pre  &  post tendering activities with the clients To liaise with clients for exploring business opportunities To coordinate site related works with project manager Nationality :  Indian Email Id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]
Mechanical Engineer Design Engineer Automobile Engineer Production Engineer Fresher Can Apply;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Mechanical Engineer Design Engineer Automobile Engineer Production Engineer Fresher Can Apply Mumbai/Navi Mumbai/Thane HEAD OFFICE IN MULUND SSC/HSC/GRADUATE FRESHER CANDIDATE CAN APPLY Call Now  :  - HR ISHA 9619184652  Salary Offered :  - 12000 to 25000 Per month Salary :   - 12k to 15k + Incentives + PF + Other Benefits . FACILITY  -  PF + INSURANCE + MEDICAL FACILITY FACILITY PROVIDE  -  PF + INSURANCE + MEDICAL FACILITY + TRAVELING ALLOWANCE Education :  - Bachelor of Technology  ( B . Tech ) /  (  Iti  )   ( Diploma )  Bachelor of engineering   ( B . E .  )  mandatory Experience  :  - Freshers as Production/ Quality Control/ Mechanical Design / in Chemical mandatory Manufacturing / engineering  preferred skill :  - production , maintenance , quality , Design , autocad ,  solidworks Age  :  - Above 18 yrs  location  :  - thane ,  / sion / vashi / panvel / navi Mumbai / andheri / goregaon / mirard/ vasai / kurla Call Now  :  - HR ISHA 9619184652
Job opening for Process Engineer  @  Chandrapur;Multi Organics Private Limited;Chandrapur;2 - 8 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description • Will involve design ,  developing plant process from lab demonstration . • Preparation of Process Flow Diagrams  ( PFD )  development . • Preparation of Process and Instrumentation Diagram  ( P & ID )  . • Preparation of Utility line diagrams  ( ULD ) • Spec If ications for Equipment and Instruments . • Layout for Plants and equipment . • Commissioning of jobs . • Trouble shooting . • Utility calculation . • Designing of equipments like Agitator ,  Condenser  &  Heat Exchanger ,  Pumping system ,  Batch reactor . • Preparation of Spec If ication Sheets for Utility Items  ( Cooling Tower ,  Chilling Plant ,  Boiler ,  Compressed Air ,  etc .  ) • MCR Preparation ,  etc .
Senior manager/DGM :  Technical Safety;Procon India Private Limited;Gurgaon / Gurugram;13 - 22 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Desired Qual If ication  :  BE  ( Chemical engineering  ) Experience  :  15 years of experience in plant operational safety in oil and gas industry .  Some of these areas are as Flare radiation study ,  Risk assessment ,  Hazop study ,  Criticality assessment  -  critical safety of equipments ,  Operation ,  Safeguarding and control philosophy ,  Fire and safety analysis .
Chemical Engineer Petrochemical Oil  &  Gas Automation Technical Trainer Fresher Vacancy For Mumbai;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Chemical Engineer Petrochemical Oil  &  Gas Automation Technical Trainer Fresher Vacancy For Mumbai Opening for all localities/ areas WALK IN INTERVIEW MULUND HEAD OFFICE IN MULUND Interview Timings  :  11 . 00AM  -  01 . 00PM CALL NOW  :  -  HR SONIYA 8422051372 Candidates will undergo an intensive training program on Process Design engineering  . Planning and organizational ability . The ability to manage projects ,  budgets and people Technical competence in the unit operations of separation ,  heat transfer ,  mass transfer and especially fluid transfer ,  reaction engineering  . Experience of plant designing ,  auxiliary like ETP ,  Incinerator ,  Utility ,  tank farm ,  HVAC ,  warehouse ,  LEV ,  Firefighting system etc .  will be an added advantage Familiar with various  international   design standards like API ,  Shell standards required  &  Hazard area class If ications . Familiar with DCS  &  Automation Sequence logic ,  Interlocks document preparation . Field instruments working knowledge . Ensuring 100% safety in design ,  execution  &  in operation . Awareness of process safety ,  Relief devices sizing . Job Types :  Full - time ,  Internship ,  Fresher Experience : work :  1 year  ( Preferred ) total work :  1 year  ( Preferred ) Education : Secondary ( 10th Pass )   ( Preferred ) Benefits : Flexible work hours Education assistance Industry : Chemical engineering
Process Specialist ( HCK )  ,  Field Commissioning Specialist ( HCK )  ,  Document Developer Specialist  ( NHT/CCR;Asmacs;Kuwait;15 - 20 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Process Specialist  ( HCK )  Qual If ication :  Bachelors Degree in Chemical engineering  or equivalent Experience :   Should  have minimum of 15 years’ of experience in HCK organisation in the field of Oil  &  Gas ,  Petrochemical Plant or in an industrial environment .  At least 10 years’ experience in a similar position in the field of refinery handling process related to Pre - commissioning and commissioning activities .  Field Commissioning Specialist  ( HCK )  Qual If ication  :  Diploma /Bachelor Degree Experience  :   Should  have minimum 10 to 12 years experience in Oil  &  Gas Refinery ,  Petrochemical Plant Document Developer Specialist  ( NHT/CCR )  Qual If ication :  Bachelor Degree/Diploma Experience :   Should  have minimum 5 to 7 years experience in Oil  &  Gas ,  Petrochemical Plant industry Nationality :  Indian Email Id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]
Chemical Engineer;New Global Technologies;Chennai ,  Mumbai;0 - 5 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Diploma / Degree in chemical engineering  ,   Should  be prompt in attending all types of alarms and effectively , oil ,  gas ,  process ,  production ,  quality ,  reserch co - ordinate with site personnel for timely corrections to troubleshoot and resolve the issues  -  Must  have good Subject Knowledge  -  Must  be ready to work in day night sh If ts for 8 - 10 Hrs  - Extra amount to be paid  If  working more than 2 Hrs in addition to 8 Hrs of working . Freshers can apply
Chemical Engineer / Process Engineer;Triangle Simulation Private Limited;Mumbai;3 - 5 Years;Not Spec If ied;"Job Description  -  Chemical/Petro Chemical Engineer  ( B .  E .  / B .  Tech .  )  -   Should  have basic knowledge of unit operations in chemical engineering  .  -   Should  be responsible for designing  &  manufacturing of educational lab scale equipments  -  Develops manufacturing processes by studying product requirements; researching ,  designing ,  mod If ying ,  and testing manufacturing methods and equipment; conferring with equipment vendors .   -  Improves manufacturing efficiency by analysing and planning work flow and equipment layout .  -  Prepare documentation ,  such as testing protocols and manuals  -   Should  Have Knowledge of performing data validation on Simulation Project through HYSYS ,   ASPEN ,   CHEMCAD  &  CHEMSOL or Equivalent software tools .  -  To be involved in development of Operator Training Simulators using VC++  ,  VB and other specialized utilities developed by firm and will be working in a team  ( as a team member )  .   -   Should  have knowledge regarding various process operation of Power/Refinery/Fertilizer plant .  -  Knowledge regarding various DCS/SCADA system will be added advantages  -   Should  be a self - starter and a quick learner .  Good soft - skills such as problem solving skills ,  good communication skills ,  interpersonal skills ,  team playing skills are essential .  -   Should  be willing to travel anywhere in India or abroad as per the company’s requirement  &  Policy ."
Process Engineer;Career Axes engineering  Services;Chennai;8 - 12 Years;Not Spec If ied;"Job Description Performing Process calculations for the design of turbomachinery ( Compressors  ,  turbines  ,  genets etc .  )  skids used in power and oil amp; gas industry  . JOB DESCRIPTION Perform Process and the related calculations  ,  Detailing and Drafting to Customers and Industry standards with due attention to details Plan the work  ,  drawings/views based on scope of work Interact with other disciplines for information  ,  integration etc Perform Self QC  ,  Peer QC and final QC Ident If y and Propose improvement opportunities Interact with customers and other parties for scope clar If ications and confirmations provide estimations and schedule for process work Proficient in Chemical engineering   ,  detailing and drafting Ability to perform self -  check and also peers check as needed Conversant with Mining or O amp;G or Industrial technologies AutoCAD/3D knowledge and expertise is a  Must  .  Other 3D and 2D software is added advantage Experience in Process design calculations of turbomachinery ( Compressors  ,  turbines  ,  genets etc .  )  skids used in power and oil amp; gas industry is  Must 10  -  12 years of experience Qual If ication :  B . Tech/M . Tech  ( Chemical ) Role Design Engineer Industry Type IT - Software ,  Software Services Functional Area engineering  Design ,  R & D Employment Type Full Time ,  Permanent Role Category engineering  Design Education UG  : B . Tech/B . E .  in Production/Industrial PG  : M . Tech in Electronics / Telecommunication Key Skills Process design Mining Semiconductor Aerospace Chemical engineering  Design calculations engineering  design services AutoCAD 3D Analytics"
Patent Drafting  &  Prosecution  -  Chemistry , Bio - Chemistry , Chemical Engg  -    ( Job Id : 3490 );JSD Search House Private Limited;Delhi;3 - 9 Years;500000 - 1500000;Job Description Educational Qual If ication :  Science background candidates  Group B :  B . Sc/B . Tech/M . Sc/M . Tech/Ph . d  ( Chemistry/Chemical engineering /Bio - Chemistry )  and Registered Patent Agent Inventors interview ,  analyzing prior arts and drafting high quality provisional and complete  application  s for first filing in India or USPTO and EPO  Skill Set Required  Excellent  understanding   of new and evolving technologies including ,  chemical engineering  ,  physical chemistry ,  material science ,  nanotechnology ,  bioenergy solutions ,  etc . Excellent  understanding   of industry trends Excellent command over English language  well  - groomed interpersonal skills and team work Excellent knowledge of patents laws of major jurisdictions including India/US/EU and experience of using patent databases  Subject/Job Id  :  Patent Drafting  &  Prosecution  -  Chemistry , Bio - Chemistry , Chemical Engg  -  New Delhi , Delhi  -   ( Job Id : 3490 ) How to Apply?  Email your resume with Subject Line :  Patent Drafting  &  Prosecution  -  Chemistry , Bio - Chemistry , Chemical Engg  -  New Delhi , Delhi  -   ( Job Id : 3490 )  to  :  jobs at thesearchhouse dot com  , Then you call on Avantika/9999914722
Mechanical Engineer ,  Design Engineer ,  Mechanical Design ,  Automobile Engineer job 8422051372;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Mechanical Engineer ,  Design Engineer ,  Mechanical Design ,  Automobile Engineer job 8422051372 Carry CV and Passport Size Photo Walk In Interview In MULUND HEAD OFFICE IN MULUND Call Now :  - Soniya Mam 8422051372 [HIDDEN TEXT]  Salary Offered :  - 12000 to 25000 Per month Salary :   - 12k to 15k + Incentives + PF + Other Benefits . FACILITY  -  PF + INSURANCE + MEDICAL FACILITY FACILITY PROVIDE  -  PF + INSURANCE + MEDICAL FACILITY + TRAVELING ALLOWANCE Education :  - Bachelor of Technology  ( B . Tech ) /  (  Iti  )   ( Diploma )  Bachelor of engineering   ( B . E .  )  mandatory Experience  :  - Freshers as Production/ Quality Control/ Mechanical Design / in Chemical mandatory Manufacturing / engineering  preferred skill :  - production , maintenance , quality , Design , autocad ,  solidworks Age  :  - Above 18 yrs  location  :  - thane ,  / sion / vashi / panvel / navi Mumbai / andheri / goregaon / mirard/ vasai / kurla   Call Now :  - Soniya Mam 8422051372
Training Material Developers ,   application   Developer;Asmacs;Kuwait;10 - 15 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Training Material Developers  Qual If ication :  Degree or Diploma in Chemical engineering  or equivalent Experience :  Minimum 8 years of experience in refinery operations positions of increasing responsibilities such as Field Operator ,  Console/Control Room Operator ,  Supervisor ,  including exposure to multiple refinery units . Develop refinery unit operating procedures ,  operating manuals ,  training manuals ,  qual If ication assessments ,  and other training materials Perform internal technical reviews of training documentation ,  Instruct training classes and field training for operator qual If ications ,  Implement training plans . Provide end user refinery unit spec If ic coaching and problem solving Experience using Microsoft Office software ,  spec If ically Microsoft Word ,  PowerPoint and Visio Ability to read piping and instrumentation diagrams  ( P & IDs )  and other engineering  drawings Age  ( years )   -  28 - 55  application   Developer Qual If ication  - Bachelor degree/ Diploma in Computer engineering / Computer science Experience required A minimum of 10 years’ of experience in computer  application  s division for refinery/ petrochemical complex . Experience in handling computer  application   system tools ,  development and trouble shooting . Strong people management and interpersonal skills . Age  ( years )   -  30 - 50 Nationality :  Indian Email Id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]
Production Superintendent  -   ( Ammonia )  Downstream ,  Electrical Superintendent  ( RAK );Asmacs;Saudi  arabia  ;10 - 15 Years;Not Spec If ied;"Job Description Production Superintendent  -   ( Ammonia )  Downstream  Qual If ication :  Degree in Chemical engineering  with training in General and Operations Management Experience :  12 to 15 years in the Chemical or Petro - Chemical industry ,  with 6 to 8 of those years in a managerial role in plant production or technical services .  Experience in Ammonia ,  Sulfuric Acid ,  Phosphoric Acid and Phosphate fertilizer manufacture is an asset . Electrical Superintendent  ( RAK )  Qual If ication :  Bachelor Degree in Electrical engineering  or equivalent experience with proven track record in training . Experience :   Should  have minimum 10  -  12 years in maintenance or technical management preferably in the Chemical or Petro - Chemical industry ,  with 5 to 7 of those years in a managerial role in Maintenance or engineering  services .  Experience in mineral processing is an asset .  Electrical supervision ,  project management ,  technical or operations experience .  Internal Standards  ( e . g .  API )  for Compressor ,  Pumps and Stationary Equipment; TQM Processes and Management Technical Report Writing Nationality :  Indian Email Id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]"
Fenergo  application   Support Lead;Luxoft India Llp;Bengaluru / Bangalore;10 - 15 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Job Description  : Job Description  Project Description Fenergo is a leading provider of Client L If ecycle Management ,  AML/KYC Compliance and Client Data Management solutions for investment ,  corporate ,  commercial and private banks .  Excelian - Luxoft is looking for Fenergo experienced technical and development consultants to join our growing Fenergo practice and work on upcoming opportunities .  This position requires intermediate technical skills .  The Fenergo Technical Consultant is responsible for delivering the Fenergo Product configured to customer spec If ication .  They will become experts in configuring the Fenergo Framework ,  and be knowledge experts in the product offering and configuration capabilities .  Responsibilities Technical Skills : * Fenergo  application   Support or Development or Testing Experience * Good  understanding   of Windows and Linux Operating Systems Administration * Strong knowledge of TCP/IP ,  DNS ,  HTTP ,  Active Directory ,  IIS and other web and network technologies . * Good  understanding   of SQL and ability to write basic SQL queries to troubleshoot and correct data issues . * Knowledge of programming or scripting languages is an advantage * Experience working in a Technical Support environment * Ability to communicate clearly and effectively both verbally and in writing with customers and internal teams * Demonstrate Customer focus and empathy * Strong analytical ,  problem solving and troubleshooting skills * High level of self - motivation with a strong desire to solve problems and ability to multi - task following priorities and adhering to SLAs * Ability to maintain self - control and objectivity while defusing stressful customer situations . Required : * Experience working in a Technical Support environment * Willing to work on sh If ts  ( Includes night sh If t from Bangalore Office ) * Ability to communicate clearly and effectively both verbally and in writing with customers and internal teams * Demonstrate Customer focus and empathy  Skills  Must  Technical Skills : * Total 10+ Years of experience * Any experience in Fenergo  application   or KYC/AML  application   is advantage * Good  understanding   of Windows and Linux Operating Systems Administration * Strong knowledge of TCP/IP ,  DNS ,  HTTP ,  Active Directory ,  IIS and other web and network technologies . * Good  understanding   of SQL and ability to write basic SQL queries to troubleshoot and correct data issues . * Knowledge of programming or scripting languages is an advantage * Experience working in a Technical Support environment * Ability to communicate clearly and effectively both verbally and in writing with customers and internal teams * Demonstrate Customer focus and empathy * Strong analytical ,  problem solving and troubleshooting skills * High level of self - motivation with a strong desire to solve problems and ability to multi - task following priorities and adhering to SLAs * Ability to maintain self - control and objectivity while defusing stressful customer situations . Required : * Experience working in a Technical Support environment * Willing to work on sh If ts  ( Includes night sh If t from Bangalore Office ) * Ability to communicate clearly and effectively both verbally and in writing with customers and internal teams * Demonstrate Customer focus and empathy Nice to have NA  Languages  English :  Advanced/Fluent
Urgent Opening for Freelancer HR Recruiter /  ( HRBP )  Female )  for Dombivali  location;Vishvas Gopal Navare  (  Proprietor of Vishvas Management Consultants  );Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;3 - 7 Years;Not Spec If ied;"Job Description  -  Female Candidate  Must  have prior recruitment experience of 3 to 7 yrs .  -   Should  have handled the recruitment of d If ference segments like IT ,  Non - IT ,  Manufacturing ,  engineering  ,  Pharma ,  Chemical ,  Logistics ,  Shipping ,  Insurance ,  Hospitality ,  Healthcare ,  Education ,  Consultancy ,  Service ,  Telecom ,  and other Industry .  -  Understand in detail the Clients requirement of Candidate .   -  Preparation of Job Descriptions .  -  Screening the Candidates from Job Portals ,  Groups ,  Social Networking Sites .  -  Short listing as per Clients Requirements .  -   Should  have good analyzing and evaluation skills .  -   Should  be Positive ,  Patient and Result - oriented .  -  Proper Coordination with the candidate about the Role ,  Responsibility ,  Company background and through the Employment Cycle . Note :   -  This Position is as a ""Freelancer on profit sharing basis"" .  Please do not apply  If  you are looking for Fixed Salary .  -   If  you are Interested and is agreed with the above condition can share your CV at [HIDDEN TEXT] or can call at +91 9820927184 for any clar If ication about this job ."
Recruitment Specialist -  EMPI Vertical  ( Perm Business );TeamLease Services Private Limited;Chennai;2 - 6 Years;300000 - 700000;Job Description The EMPI Recruitment Specialist is responsible for handling the engineering /Manufacturing ,  EPC ,  Consumer and Pharmaceutical hiring needs of client organizations of TeamLease Services .  Our clients span multiple verticals including Aerospace ,  Automotive ,  Energy ,  Industrial ,  Specialty Chemicals ,  Consumer and Pharma . The role entails the following : 1 .  Responsible for end to end requirement cycle . 2 .  Client Engagement 3 .  Recruitment Planning and Execution 4 .  Candidate Engagement 5 .  Negotiation management He/She  Must  possess the following capabilities  -  Strong experience in any Recruitment background  ( Preferably in engineering  ,  EPC ,  Chemical ,  O & G ,  Manufacturing ,  CD ,  FMCG ,  Auto ,  Power domain .  )  -   Should  have good experience in end to end recruitment cycle including sourcing through portals and social media ,  mapping ,  headhunting ,  candidate screening ,  offer negotiation etc .  -  Strong relationship building and interpersonal skills with clients ,  candidates ,  and other stakeholders .  -  Maturity and high emotional quotient .  -  Excellent communication skills and a good listener .  -  Driven ,  passionate and ambitious in l If e .
Chemical Plant Operator  -  2 Yrs Exp  Must   -  Atchutapuram  ( vizag );TeamLease Services Private Limited;Visakhapatnam;1 - 9 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description JOB DETAILS : ?Operation of plant in the field and with the help of DCS/PLC ?Operation of packing machines ?Maintain all documents and records ?Maintain highest level of safety  ,  housekeeping and environment in the plant ?Provide support to Engg team for erection and commissioning of the production equipment during project stage ?Ensure quality parameter of the product ?Maintain health of equipment through autonomous maintenance
Sales Promotion;Royal Sales Corporation;Jaipur ,  Udaipur;1 - 3 Years;100000 - 200000;Job Description  -  job involves product promotion to top - level clients on a regular basis .   -   Should  be fluent in english  ( oral and written )  -  Maybe required to travel on case - to - case basis -   Should  be motivated and willing to learn -  freshers may also apply -  person based in jaipur/Udaipur/Alwar/Jodhpur/Chittorgarh may apply
Process Specialist ,  Operation Specialist;Asmacs;Kuwait;12 - 15 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Process Specialist  Qual If ication :  B . E in Chemical engineering  or Equivalent Experience required A minimum of 12 years’ of experience in Technical Service department and Operations of Refinery / Petrochemicals . At least 6 years’ experience in a similar position with a pre - commissioning and commissioning project ( s ) Proven experience in handling activities related to refinery Operations . Spec If ic Process Units experience relevant to the project  ( CDU / KHU / NHTU / ARDS / HOC / SGU/ HYDROGEN/SULPHUR/SWS/ARU/FLARES/UTILITIES/ TANKFARM AND MARINE )  . Age  ( years )  35 - 65 Operation Specialist Qual If ication :  B . E in Chemical engineering  or Equivalent Experience :  A minimum of 12 years’ of experience in operating and Commissioning in the field of Refinery / Petrochemicals . At least 6 years’ experience in a similar position leading and managing Operations Readiness project execution . Coordinate the Operations Readiness activities between Owners Team and EPCM . Manage external consultants engaged to deliver Operations Readiness activities . Accountable for the Operations Workforce to Operate the Plant Safely ,  Efficiently and Effectively from Day 1 post EPCM delivery . Age  ( years )  35 - 65 Nationality :  Indian Email Id :  [HIDDEN TEXT]
PROCESS DESIGN CHEMICAL ENGINEER;Resource Access Management Solutions Private Limited;Chennai;4 - 7 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION Designation  :  Engineer / Senior Engineer Function  :  engineering  – Process Design Responsible for  :  To ensure timely delivery of drawings/documentation for Products following the work procedure defined from time to time with efficient utilization resources provided ,  with an emphasis on free from error requirement . Key Result Areas 1 . Experience in process design for Stationary equipments like incinerator ,  boiler ,  vertical columns in chemical ,  Fertilizer ,  Pharmaceutical or Oil and gas plants . 2 . Knowledge on Incinerator ,  boiler ,  scrubbers  &  package equipments 3 . Responsible for complete process design of incineration plant . 4 . To make Process Flow Diagram ,  Equipment Flow Diagram and other documentation for the  proposal  s and projects 5 . To review P & ID around machinery package 6 . Able to work jointly with German colleages and propose cost effective design . 7 . Liaison with client/vendors and inter departments like mechanical ,  electrical etc .  to resolve project and technical issues 8 . Enforce the systems and processes as suggested by the head of the team to improve the efficiency of the team under his control for optimization of work flow ,  use of new design technology and other methods Competence Requirements Functional Area :  Strong Fundamentals on Process design/chemical engineering Education :  Graduate / Diploma  (  Chemical ) ORGANIZATION WRITE - UP The Dürr Group is one of the worlds leading mechanical and plant engineering  firms with extensive expertise in automation and digitization/Industry 4 . 0 .  Its products ,  systems and services enable highly efficient manufacturing processes in d If ferent industries .  The Dürr Group supplies sectors like the automotive industry ,  mechanical engineering  ,  chemical ,  pharmaceutical and woodworking industries . To apply ,  send your updated resume to OTHER SERVICES OF RAMSOL
Scient If ic Research – Data Scientist – R & D;CareerXperts Consulting;Bengaluru / Bangalore;4 - 7 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Individual technical contributor with self - drive to understand problem statements and make design decisions – ‘own’ what you do ,  make your calls ,  and defend them • Build a first generation analytical software product – design ,  code ,  test  ( unit  &  functional )  and maintain the software ,  while proving that your implementations ‘work’ • Implement software engineering  processes and discipline for fast and reliable development of high - quality software product – make the software ‘elegant’ • Work as a team player in a high performance environment that rewards ownership – make your opinion count within the team and the organization Write to [HIDDEN TEXT] to get started!
URGENT OPENING FOR UZBEKISTAN COMMISSIONING PERSONNEL; international   Overseas Services;Uzbekistan;7 - 17 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Please find the below requrments • Pre - commmissioning/commissioning process engineer • Pre - commissioning/commissioning Lead engineer  ( mechanical static ) • Pre - commissioning/commissioning engineer  ( mechanical static ) • Pre - commissioning/commissioning Lead engineer  ( mechanical piping ,  cleaning ) • Pre - commissioning/commissioning engineer  ( mechanical piping ,  cleaning ) • Pre - commissioning/commissioning engineer  ( Instrumental ) • Pre - commissioning/commissioning supervisor  ( Mechanical static ,  catalyst and absorbent loading ) • Pre - commissioning/commissioning supervisor  ( mechanical pipeline cleaning ,  airblowing ,  waterflushing ) • Pre - commissioning/commissioning supervisor  ( pipeline drying ) • Pre - commissioning/commissioning supervisor  ( chemical loading ) • Pre - commissioning/commissioning supervisor  ( chemical cleaning ,  CW passivation ) • Pre - commissioning/commissioning supervisor  ( Steam blowing ) • Pre - commissioning/commissioning supervisor  ( pipeline blowing , flushing , drying )  for control scope of work JCC sub - contractor • Pre - commissioning/commissioning supervisor  ( pipeline blowing , flushing , drying )  for control scope of work NSGD sub - contractor • Pre - commissioning/commissioning supervisor  ( pipeline blowing , flushing , drying )  for control scope of work YES sub - contractor • Pre - commissioning/commissioning foreman  ( catalyst and absorbent loading ) • Pre - commissioning/commissioning foreman  ( mechanical pipeline cleaning ,  airblowing ,  waterflushing ) • Pre - commissioning/commissioning foreman  ( pipeline drying ) • Pre - commissioning/commissioning foreman  ( chemical loading ) • Pre - commissioning/commissioning foreman  ( Chemical cleaning ,  CW passivation ) • Pre - commissioning/commissioning foreman  ( Steam blowing )
Plant Operation;K . Daniels Projects  ( India )  Private Limited;Navi Mumbai;4 - 7 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Plant Operators for around 4 years experience is required .  Persons  Must  be gradute in Chemical engineering  .                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            .
Process Engineer /Chemical engineer/ Plant engineer/ Design engineer;Multi Organics Private Limited;Chandrapur;3 - 12 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description • Support Operation Team in improving plant performance in various fields  ( safety/Environment ,  quality ,  Capacity ,  Costs ) • Trouble shooting ,  Debottlenecking ,  commissioning Experience in unit operations such as Distillation ,  Heat transfer ,  Filtration ,  hydraulics etc . • Experience in PLC operation in preferred . • Will involve design ,  developing plant process from lab demonstration . • Preparation of Process Flow Diagrams  ( PFD )  development . • Preparation of Process and Instrumentation Diagram  ( P & ID )  . • Preparation of Utility line diagrams  ( ULD ) • Spec If ications for Equipment and Instruments . • Layout for Plants and equipment . • Commissioning of jobs . • Trouble shooting . • Utility calculation . • Designing of equipments like Agitator ,  Condenser  &  Heat Exchanger ,  Pumping system ,  Batch reactor . • Preparation of Spec If ication Sheets for Utility Items  ( Cooling Tower ,  Chilling Plant ,  Boiler ,  Compressed Air ,  etc .  ) • MCR Preparation ,  etc .
Team Leader  - Operations;Conneqt Business Solutions Limited;India;2 - 5 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Job Description  : Hiring SPEC If ICATION : Education :  Graduate Experience :  2 - 3 years in BPO as TL Attributes : Good communication skills Good interpersonal skills Problem solving skills Team Management and Client Management Feedback sharing with Team Working Hours for the process : Process timings Rotational sh If ts  ( Including night sh If ts )   -  Weekly Off  -  Rotational 2 - 5 Years Bachelor of Arts  ( B . A )  ,  Bachelor of Business Administration  ( B . B . A )  ,  Bachelor Of Computer  application    ( B . C . A )  ,  Bachelor of Commerce  ( B . Com )  ,  Bachelor Of Technology  ( B . Tech/B . E )  ,  Bachelor of Science  ( B . Sc )  ,  Bachelor of Social Work  ( B . S . W )  ,  Master OF Business Administration  ( M . B . A )  ,  Master in Computer  application    ( M . C . A )  ,  PGDM
R & D Engineer  ( Electronics );Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Mumbai;5 - 7 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Job Description  : Job Description knowledge in field of Developing electronic circuits and products ,   Should  be very good in embedded software and developing hardware for consumer  application  s ,  Responsibilities will be to develop new products ,  Exp in developing security systems
Fenergo  application   Support Lead;Luxoft India Llp;Bengaluru / Bangalore;10 - 12 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Job Description  : Job Description  Project Description Fenergo is a leading provider of Client L If ecycle Management ,  AML/KYC Compliance and Client Data Management solutions for investment ,  corporate ,  commercial and private banks .  Excelian - Luxoft is looking for Fenergo experienced technical and development consultants to join our growing Fenergo practice and work on upcoming opportunities .  This position requires intermediate technical skills .  The Fenergo Technical Consultant is responsible for delivering the Fenergo Product configured to customer spec If ication .  They will become experts in configuring the Fenergo Framework ,  and be knowledge experts in the product offering and configuration capabilities .  Responsibilities Technical Skills : * Fenergo  application   Support or Development or Testing Experience * Good  understanding   of Windows and Linux Operating Systems Administration * Strong knowledge of TCP/IP ,  DNS ,  HTTP ,  Active Directory ,  IIS and other web and network technologies . * Good  understanding   of SQL and ability to write basic SQL queries to troubleshoot and correct data issues . * Knowledge of programming or scripting languages is an advantage * Experience working in a Technical Support environment * Ability to communicate clearly and effectively both verbally and in writing with customers and internal teams * Demonstrate Customer focus and empathy * Strong analytical ,  problem solving and troubleshooting skills * High level of self - motivation with a strong desire to solve problems and ability to multi - task following priorities and adhering to SLAs * Ability to maintain self - control and objectivity while defusing stressful customer situations . Required : * Experience working in a Technical Support environment * Willing to work on sh If ts  ( Includes night sh If t from Bangalore Office ) * Ability to communicate clearly and effectively both verbally and in writing with customers and internal teams * Demonstrate Customer focus and empathy Required Candidate profile skills   Must  Technical Skills : Total 10+ Years of experience Any experience in Fenergo  application   or KYC/AML  application   is advantage * Good  understanding   of Windows and Linux Operating Systems Administration * Strong knowledge of TCP/IP ,  DNS ,  HTTP ,  Active Directory ,  IIS and other web and network technologies . * Good  understanding   of SQL and ability to write basic SQL queries to troubleshoot and correct data issues . * Knowledge of programming or scripting languages is an advantage * Experience working in a Technical Support environment * Ability to communicate clearly and effectively both verbally and in writing with customers and internal teams * Demonstrate Customer focus and empathy * Strong analytical ,  problem solving and troubleshooting skills * High level of self - motivation with a strong desire to solve problems and ability to multi - task following priorities and adhering to SLAs * Ability to maintain self - control and objectivity while defusing stressful customer situations . Required : * Experience working in a Technical Support environment * Willing to work on sh If ts  ( Includes night sh If t from Bangalore Office ) * Ability to communicate clearly and effectively both verbally and in writing with customers and internal teams * Demonstrate Customer focus and empathy Nice to have NA Languages English :  Advanced/Fluent
Chemical technologists and technicians Canada VaSu;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Canada;5 - 15 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description This group performs some or all of the following duties : Chemical technologists : Set up and conduct chemical experiments ,  tests and analyses using techniques such as chromatography ,  spectroscopy ,  physical and chemical separation techniques and microscopy . Operate and maintain laboratory equipment and apparatus and prepare solutions of gas or liquid ,  reagents ,  and sample formulations Compile records and interpret experimental or analytical results . Develop and conduct programs of sampling and analysis to maintain quality standards of raw materials ,  chemical intermediates and products . Assist in the development of chemical engineering  processes ,  studies of chemical engineering  procurement ,  construction ,  inspection and maintenance and the development of standards ,  procedures and health and safety measures . Operate experimental chemical or petrochemical pilot plants Conduct or assist in air and water quality testing and assessments ,  environmental monitoring and protection activities ,  and development of and compliance with standards . Assist in synthesis of small molecules for the purpose of creating drug candidates . Assist in the design and fabrication of experimental apparatus . Chemical technicians : Assist in setting up and conducting chemical experiments ,  tests and analyses . Operate and maintain laboratory equipment and apparatus and prepare solutions of gas and liquid ,  reagents and sample formulations . Compile records for analytical studies . Assist in developing and conducting programs of sampling and analysis to maintain quality standards . Carry out a limited range of other technical functions in support of chemical research ,  tests and analyses ,  and environmental air and water quality monitoring and protection . Assist in the design and fabrication of experimental apparatus .
Design Engineer;Dhitech Consultancy Services;Qatar;4 - 9 Years;Not Spec If ied;"Job Description Dear Sir  , Greetings from Dhitech Consultancy Services!!!! Dhitech Consultancy Services  ( www . Dhitechcs . com )  provides Specialists ,  Engineers  &  Technicians to Onshore and Offshore engineering  ,  Construction ,  Operation and Maintenance relating to Oil  & Gas ,  Petrochemical ,  Power ,  Infrastructure ,  Construction and other Logistics activities  &  other Sectors for Bahrain ,  Kuwait ,  Oman ,  Qatar ,  Saudi  arabia   ,  UAE , dubai , United Arab Emirates etc . We have come across your resume from one of the job portals and wish to inform you that we have openings with our client IN QATAR  :  - 1 )  Commissioning Design Engineer :  - QUAL If ICATION  :  -  CHEMICAL ENGINEER . 2 )  Instrument  &  Control Design Engineer :  - QUAL If ICATION  :  -  INSTRUMENT ENGINEER 3 )  Process Design Engineer  :  - QUAL If ICATION :  -  Chemical engineering 4 )  Rotating Equipment Design Engineer :  - QUAL If ICATION  :  -  Chemical engineering 5 )  Telecommunication Design Engineer :  - QUAL If ICATION  :  -  Electronics  &  Communication engineering  or Instrumentation  &  Control engineering 6 )  Instrument  &  Control Design Engineer QUAL If ICATION :  -  Instrument  &  Control Design Engineer Required Qual If ications :   ( Keywords :  FEED or Front End engineering  Design ,  Detailed engineering  ,  Design engineering  ) • Bachelor’s or Master’s Degree in engineering • Candidates  Should  have a SOLID work experienced on engineering  Design Experienced and not the experienced from operations ,  installation ,  maintenance and construction . • Oil  &  Gas GCC experienced required . • Candidates  Should  join and available immediately . Required Documents : • Word Format Updated CV/ Resume • Experience / Employment Cert If icates • Clear Passport Copy • Degree Cert If icate / Mark Sheet / Bonafide Cert If icate from School – Once selected ,  attestation in Qatar Embassy in your Country . Required Candidates Information : • Notice Period or Joining Date? • Current  location ? • Age? • Passport No . ? • Years of Experience in OIL  &  GAS industry? • IMO apps number for video interviewing? • Nearest  international   Airport in your Country of Origin? Salary Package :   ( Take note – Kindly make sure you only proposed Candidates that accepts the Salary range we may offer in case of final selection ) • For Single Status only and not for Family Status • QAR 7 , 000  -  7 , 500 / month as Basic Salary + • Site Allowances  ( when assign to Project Site; QAR 80 per day – offshore or QAR 40 per day  -  Onshore )  + • QAR 250 Food Allowance + Free Lunch in Head Office + • Free Bachelor Shared Accommodation + • Free Company Transportation from Accommodation – Office  -  Accommodation + • Annual Bonus based on employees performance Other benefits / Bonus Factor : • 30 days Vacation Leave Annually with Roundtrip Ticket Annually + Government Health Card + 48 hours per week . • Salary is always on time and not delayed • Residential Permanent / Long term basis and not a project base position only  If  you are really interested to attend this Interview then kindly send your updated resume  :  If  YOU HAVE ANY OF YOUR FRIENDS FOR ARE INTERESTED THEN PLEASE GIVE THE CONTACT DETAILS  . LAST/CURRENT SALARY : EXPECTED SLARY : NOTICE PERIOD; TOTAL EXPERIENCE : GULF EXPERIENCE Email ID :  [HIDDEN TEXT] SHORTLISTED CANDIDATES WILL BE INFORMED FOR FINAL INTERVIEW THROUGH EMAIL/CALL ON BELOW ADDRESS : Thanks  &  Regards , Thanks  &  Best Regards For DHITECH Consultancy Services Ms .  Bushra Recruitment - Executive DHITECH Consultancy Services  ( Overseas Recruitment Agency  &  Exporters ) 401/426 ,  Arenja Corner ,  Sector 17 Vashi ,  Navi Mumbai Tel :  022 27891741 / 0725 http : //www . dhitechcs . com Regd :  0019/Mum/Per/1000+/5/7712/2006"
Team Lead CDM;Golden Opportunities Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;6 - 10 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Description All Activities relating to study start ,  study conduct and study close out .  Preparation of below documents .  eCRF review Preparing Trial derivation plans UAT of Edit checks ,  Reports and DE screens Development of clinical data testing systems ,  including design ,  documentation ,  implementation and report .  Experience  &  Skills Required :  Relevant experience of above 6 years? experience in Clinical Data Management from study start to close is mandatory .  Good working Knowledge about the Databases  ( Medidata RAVE ,  Oracle Clinical and Inform etc .  )
ELECTRICAL ENGINEER;Resource Access Management Solutions Private Limited;Chennai;3 - 6 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description JOB DESCRIPTION Roles  &  Responsibilities Department  :  Electrical engineering Function  :  MES / SCADA software design engineering  and commissioning Designation  :  Engineer / Senior Engineer Reporting to  :  Team leader / Head of Electrical systems Key Result Areas 1 )  SCADA software design for process and conveyor in automotive paint shop . 2 )  EcoDBS standards to be maintained . 3 )  Co - ordination of process ,  conveyor hardware and software engineering  team for design inputs . 4 )  Timely completion of SW design as per project schedule and monitoring of hours . 5 )  All SW design to be tested and check listed before issued for commissioning . 6 )  Commissioning of SW and other related electrical system with in the project time schedule . 7 )  Interacting with other entities and R & D on updation and quality execution on projects . 8 )  All equipment shall be executed in a very safe manner as per the company  &  customer safety standards . 9 )  Maintain and control electronic file structure during the course of the project . 10 )  Ensure all laydown company policies ,  norms and compliances . Competence Requirements Education : BE in Electrical  &  Electronics / Electronics and communication / Mechatronics engineering 2  -  4 years in SCADA / MES software design and commissioning . Skill Set : Software skills MS SQL– advance level Siemens Win CC SCADA– advance level or Rock well  SCADA  -  advance level or Mitsubishi SCADA  ( MC Works64 )   -  advance level Working knowledge of a )  Process knowledge  -  automotive paint shops or any process industries processes – medium level  -  material handling conveyor system in automotive or any industries – medium level b )  engineering  knowledge  -  in Siemens / Rock well  / Mitsubishi – SCADA softwares .  -  in MS SQL scripting and coding . Personal skills Languages Hindi – basic level English – medium level Communication Medium level of written and spoken communication Confident in interaction with internal groups  ( colleagues ,  superiors ) Required to be able to :  -  work independently  ( limited guidance and supervision )  -  take over responsibility and accountability  -  work under pressure  -  work on project site – domestic and  international   . ORGANIZATION WRITE - UP The Client Company is one of the worlds leading mechanical and plant engineering  firms with extensive expertise in automation and digitization/Industry 4 . 0 .  Its products ,  systems and services enable highly efficient manufacturing processes in d If ferent industries .  The Client Company supplies sectors like the automotive industry ,  mechanical engineering  ,  chemical ,  pharmaceutical and woodworking industries .  It generated sales of € 3 . 87 billion in 2018 . To apply ,  send your updated resume to OTHER SERVICES OF RAMSOL
Chemical technologists and technicians Canada DpEk;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Canada;3 - 8 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description This group performs some or all of the following duties : Chemical technologists : Set up and conduct chemical experiments ,  tests and analyses using techniques such as chromatography ,  spectroscopy ,  physical and chemical separation techniques and microscopy . Operate and maintain laboratory equipment and apparatus and prepare solutions of gas or liquid ,  reagents ,  and sample formulations Compile records and interpret experimental or analytical results . Develop and conduct programs of sampling and analysis to maintain quality standards of raw materials ,  chemical intermediates and products . Assist in the development of chemical engineering  processes ,  studies of chemical engineering  procurement ,  construction ,  inspection and maintenance and the development of standards ,  procedures and health and safety measures . Operate experimental chemical or petrochemical pilot plants Conduct or assist in air and water quality testing and assessments ,  environmental monitoring and protection activities ,  and development of and compliance with standards . Assist in synthesis of small molecules for the purpose of creating drug candidates . Assist in the design and fabrication of experimental apparatus . Chemical technicians : Assist in setting up and conducting chemical experiments ,  tests and analyses . Operate and maintain laboratory equipment and apparatus and prepare solutions of gas and liquid ,  reagents and sample formulations . Compile records for analytical studies . Assist in developing and conducting programs of sampling and analysis to maintain quality standards . Carry out a limited range of other technical functions in support of chemical research ,  tests and analyses ,  and environmental air and water quality monitoring and protection . Assist in the design and fabrication of experimental apparatus .
Chemical Engineer , Petrochemical Engineer , Production Engineer , Quality Control job 9152214394;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;1 - 4 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Chemical Engineer , Petrochemical Engineer , Production Engineer , Quality Control job 9152214394 Salary Offered :  - 12000 to 25000 Per month  FACILITY PROVIDE  -  PF  + MEDICAL FACILITY + TRAVELING ALLOWANCE  Education  :  - Bachelor of Technology  ( B . Tech ) /  (  Iti  )   ( Diploma )  Bachelor of engineering   ( B . E .  )  mandatory Experience  :  - Freshers as Production/ Quality Control/ Chemical  Design / in Chemical mandatory Manufacturing / engineering  preferred  location  :  - thane / masjid bunder / andheri / mirard / vasai / vashi / panvel / kandiwali / goregaon / malad / krula  Gender :  -  Male  &  Female preferred Sh If t Time  :  - 9 :  30 am  -  6 : 30 pm  ( day sh If t ) ` Weekly Working Days  :  - 6 Days Weekly off  :  - sunday , Interview Time :  -  11 : 00 am  -  4 : 00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person :  - priti Contact Details :  - Click To Call HR :  - 9152214394
JOB VACANCY FOR EXPERTS AND PROFESSIONALS;null;Chennai ,  Kolkata;3 - 13 Years;1200000 - 2200000;Job Description   We are recruiting for d If ferent kinds of position in Construction ,  Oil  &  Gas ,  Plants  &  Energy sector Supervisor ,  Maintenance technician ,  Catering services/Medical  &  Health Care services ,  Finance  &  Accounting ,  Computer operator ,  house manager  &  web designer /engineering  ,  truck operators ,  receptionist ,  Cleaner ,  cultivator ,  Field Marketing Specialist ,  marketing manager ,  Electrician ,  Project Leader ,  Business Manager and other services ,  Assurance Quantity  &  Quality Specialist ,  Hydraulic Fracturing Engineer , Process Control Engineer  - Cherry Point ,  Process Control Engineer , Process Control Engineer ,  Construction Supervisor ,  Pressure Systems Integrity Engineer , Plant Manager ,  Automation Consultant ,  Reporting Analyst ,  Acidic , Acid treated ,  Director of Environmental Health and Safety Acid truck driver ,  ballast control operator ,  drilling engineers Blender operator ,  Completions engineers ,  Blending machine operator ,  Production engineers Carbon dioxide truck operator ,  Reservoir engineers Cementer ,  Heavy Equipment Operator ,  Customer Service Representative Product  application  s Specialist ,  cement truck driver Chemical services operator , Chemical truck operator Coiled tubing operator , Control room operator Cementing equipment operator , Derrick hand Accounting Business , Commerce . Business Administration , Economics , Energy Management , engineering   ( chemical ,  mechanical ,  civil )  , Finance , Human Resource Management , Industrial Relations , Law , Management , Information Systems ,  Marketing Sales ,  Supply Chain Management ,  Transportation  . Logistics or Distribution , Derrick hand ,  Specialist ,  Safety , Derrick man/woman , Dynamic positioning operator Formation fracturing operator , Franc driver , Motor hand , Motorman/woman , Nitrogen operator . Nitrogen truck operator , Oil  well  acidizer , Oil  well  cementer , Pipeline locator Power - tong operator , Production tubing operator , Pumper operator ,   well  treatment pump operator Snubbing - unit operator , Reeled tubing operator ,  Seismic buried  facilities   locator .  -  All the posts will be filled up on contract basis .  -  The decision of selection/ recruitment committee will be final .  -  Shortlisted candidates will be contacted via mail immediately . Submit your Resume/CV to the Admin Email :  [HIDDEN TEXT]
Chemical Engineer ,  Production Engineer ,  Quality Engineer ,  Chemist;null;Noida ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 2 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Chemical Engineer ,  Production Engineer ,  Quality Engineer ,  Chemist 8425014502Experience  :  - Fresher  &  6 months Experience of experience as Chemical Engineer in preferred Age  :  - Above 18  - 35 years Gender :  -  Male  &  Female preferred Sh If t Time  :  - 10 :  00 am  -  6 : 30 pm  ( day sh If t ) ` Weekly Working Days  :  - 6 Days Weekly of  :  - Sunday Interview Time :  -  11 : 00 am  -  4 : 00 pm | Monday to SATURDAY meet hr - tejal - 8425014502
PMO Team lead;Golden Opportunities Private Limited;Mumbai;12 - 18 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Description Lead Job Role :  Support Program Office Globally Involves interaction with people across the globe Maintain the repository for status reports ,  trackers ,  change requests ,  etc Standardize project management processes ,  tools ,  documentation ,  and templates Monitor project trackers to ensure timely updates and performance reporting process Provide status on compliance with established standards Provide PM guidance ,  training ,  tools ,  and techniques to project managers Implement continuous improvement to the overall project management process Provide required support during review meetings ,  leadership reviews Coordinate procurement related activities Program management skills Candidate Spec If ication :  Good communication skills  ( verbal and written )  Expert level of knowledge in Excel ,  PPT and Visio Good Project management skills  Should  be flexible to work in d If ferent sh If t timings Knowledge in VBA would be an added advantage
Team Lead;Job Store Consulting;Mumbai ,  Navi Mumbai;3 - 8 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Job Description  : Designation - Team Lead Exp - 3 - 8yrs Sal - upto 5 . 5 L per annum Skills -  Team Lead ,  BPO Work  location  - Navi Mumbai For more details contact :  HR Gayathri  - 8695435355 / [HIDDEN TEXT]
Assistant Manager -  R  &  D;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Mumbai;5 - 7 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Job Description  : Job Description This position will be responsible for overall product development and Improvement also will be responsible for overall quality management .  Prototype preparation in lab for standardization .  Making formulation procedure for new product .   Cooking validation studies for new products .   Making improvements or mod If ications to current processes .   Generating ideas for new products and researching feasibility in terms of profitability ,  resource availability and compliance with regulations FSSAI and ISO 22000 : 2018 .  Feasibility study for new products in line .   Line trials conduction for new product before commercial production and records .   Line product yield study for costing .   Required Candidate profilePossess Key skills for product development scientists A logical and investigative mind Excellent analytical skills A methodical approach to work Teamworking skills Interpersonal skills Written and oral communication skills The ability to communicate effectively with staff in non - scient If ic positions Good technical skills Problem - solving skills IT skills
Team Lead PV;Golden Opportunities Private Limited;Hyderabad / Secunderabad;4 - 10 Years;Not Spec If ied;"Job Description Description Team Lead JOB Role :  Pharmacovigilance Track all adverse event reports received and completed Review and assess all source documents ,  and compile data in an adverse event report Data enter report into the client safety database Code adverse events in the client safety database Release report to client through client safety database The Role requires Review ,  extract; enter AE data from marketed product according to the safety policies ,  processes and procedures .  Experience  &  Skills Required :  Any l If e sciences graduate with minimum a 4 year of PV experience and  Should  be excellent in Working with Safety Databases  ( Argus Database and MedRA Version etc .  )  with Pharmacovigilance foundation .  An  understanding   of the principles and concepts associated with Patient Safety case - handling process ."
Team leader  -  engineering;Golden Opportunities Private Limited;Tumkur;3 - 7 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Description Team Leader -  engineering  Candidate Expectation  :  3 year diploma or degree in electrical field Good working knowledge in AC ,  Oven ,  Refrigerator etc Handling a team of electrician under him JOB Description Responsible for handling day - to - day complaints regarding maintenance Responsible to follow - up planning schedule of preventive maintenance and to co - ordinate building mechanical ,  sanitary ,  and other maintenance work Responsible to liaise with general contractors .  Responsible to maintain the interior and exterior of building ,  furniture ,  fixtures ,  etc .  Responsible to repair and maintain all air - conditioning equipment ,  refrigeration units ,  piping work and associated equipment Responsible to attend daily briefing meeting and weekly maintenance meeting .  Responsible to carry out all engineering  and maintenance work as directed .  Responsible to carry out sh If t duties ,  split sh If ts or when called upon to perform odd duties whenever a person of the same category trade falls sick ,  is on vacation or absent from duties and or as called upon to do so from time to time as directed by the seniors .  Responsible to prepare and to supervise for any promotional activities within the Multiplex .  Responsible to repair ,  install and maintain electrical equipment  ( rotary  &  static )  electrical fitting and switchboards .  Responsible to submit reports to the Manager engineering  .  Responsible to keep a record and to analyze the electrical power supply .  Responsible to continue the work in terms of transfer from the morning sh If t to the afternoon sh If t and night sh If t including the projection room duties .  Responsible to conduct routine scheduled inspection and supervise the cleaning program .  Responsible to perform any other duties as may be assigned by the management from time to time .
Team Leader;Job Store Consulting;Bengaluru / Bangalore;2 - 5 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Job Description  : Requirement : English ,  Hindi  &  any other languages are priority .  Multi linguistic preferred Excellent Communication Skills Team Leading experience of 2+ Years Good Knowledge on Internet Technology and Computers Excellent with Excel and PowerPoint presentations Excellent People management skills Ready to work on 24/7 Sh If ts Computer Graduates  (  ) Job Description : Manage Online Forums prepare various team reports Prepare team schedules Content Moderation for Online Portals Analyze functionality and report discrepancies in the tool . Mentor Junior staff in the team . For more details Contact :  HR Anugraha  @ 8695335355 / [HIDDEN TEXT]
Chemical Engineers Required for Canada ,  Australia and Hong - Kong;null;Australia ,  Canada;2 - 12 Years;3400000 - 4200000;Job Description Conduct economic and technical feasibility studies in areas related to chemical ,  petroleum ,  pulp and paper ,  food or other processing industries Conduct research into the development or improvement of chemical engineering  processes ,  reactions and materials Evaluate chemical process technology and equipment and determine production spec If ications Design and test chemical processing and associated plants and equipment Establish and conduct quality control programs ,  operating procedures and control strategies to ensure consistency and adherence to standards for raw materials ,  products and waste products or emissions Prepare contract documents and evaluate tenders for the process aspects of industrial construction Supervise technicians ,  technologists and other engineers May work in an administrative capacity ,  for example ,  in the development of guidelines and spec If ications for the handling of dangerous chemicals ,  environmental protection ,  or standards for foods ,  materials and consumer goods .
Patent Drafting  &  Prosecution;JSD Search House Private Limited;Delhi;3 - 10 Years;500000 - 1500000;Job Description Skill Set Required Excellent  understanding   of new and evolving technologies including ,  organic/inorganic chemistry ,  chemical engineering  ,  physical chemistry ,  material science ,  nanotechnology ,  bio - medical sciences ,  bioenergy solutions ,  etc . Excellent  understanding   of industry trends Excellent command over English language  well  - groomed interpersonal skills and team work Excellent knowledge of patents laws of major jurisdictions including India/US/EU and experience of using patent databases  Educational Qual If ication :  B . Sc/M . Sc/M .  Pharm . /Ph . D  ( Chemistry/Chemical Sciences/Bio - Chemistry/Medicinal Chemistry )  and Registered Patent Agent .  Subject/Job Id : Patent Drafting  &  Prosecution  -  Chemistry/Pharma  -  Delhi  -   ( Job Id : 3558 ) How to Apply?  Email your resume with Subject Line :  Patent Drafting  &  Prosecution  -  Chemistry/Pharma  -  Delhi  -   ( Job Id : 3558 )  to  :  [HIDDEN TEXT] then you may call on 9999914722/ Avantika
Project management;Collasys Global Services LLP;India;8 - 10 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Job Description  : ØProject management and agile methology Good Project Management knowledge  ( PMP Cert If ication preferred but not mandatory ) ØExecuted at least 2 projects / programs using Agile methodology  ( CSM cert If ication preferred but not mandatory ) ØKnowledge of SAFE methodology  ( nice to have / Optional )  .  .
CHEMICAL ENGINEER –PROCESS - OIL AND GAS;Sai HR Tech Services;Mumbai;0 - 5 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description CHEMICAL ENGINEER –PROCESS - OIL AND GAS Qual If ication :  BE/ME CHEMICAL Experience :  exp 4yrs+ Job Responsibilities The Candidate  Must  have experience in basic  &  detailed engineering  of Process Plants such as Fertilizers ,  Chemicals ,  Petrochemicals ,  Refinery ,  Specialty Chemicals ,  Oil  &  Gas Projects ,  Off - Sites and Utility  facilities   . For senior positions ,  it is essential to have relevant experience as lead process engineer or senior process engineer and  Must  have led minimum one complete project related to hydrocarbon process industry . Candidate shall be  well  conversant with , • Basic and Detailed engineering  activities includes preparation of PFDs ,  P & ID’s ,  Process Datasheets ,  System Hydraulics ,  Network sizing etc . • Proficient with latest Process engineering  Software such as PRO II ,  Aspen Tech ,  Hysis ,  Flare Net ,  Hydraulics etc . • Process engineering  Calculation such as equipment sizing ,  safety valves sizing ,  instrument sizing etc . • Safety studies such as HAZOP ,  HAZID and SIL etc . • Latest National and  international   codes and standards such as API ,  OISD ,  SMPV ,  IBR etc . • Commissioning experience of Process Plants .  Candidate with experience having a complete project cycle for minimum one or two projects including commissioning of the same is preferable . Kindly mail cv [HIDDEN TEXT] Mail cv 8454026559 Thanks  &  regards Rupa
Mechanical Engineer  Automobile Engineer  Mechanical Design Engineer;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 1 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description Mechanical Engineer Automobile Engineer Mechanical Design Engineer  ,  job 9152076965 Qual If ication  :  Diploma  &  Be  , B . tech Bachelor of Chemical engineering   ( B . E .  )  preferred salary  :  12000 to 25000   location   :  thane ,  kalyan ,  dadar / bhandup / sion vashi ,  panvel ,  new Mumbai / belapur andheri/ mira rd / vasai kandiwali freshers and experiace candidate both can apply Gender  :  male  &  female preferred sh If t time  :  9 . 30 am to 6 . 30 pm weekly working day  :  6 days weekly off  :  sunday contact person  :  hr neha contact Details  :  9152076965 Mechanical Site Engineer Skills Mechanical site engineers have a passion for solving problems and  understanding   the mechanics that make machines work .  The following are the most common skills needed to succeed as a mechanical site engineer : • Project management – planning out the  ,  scope ,  and resources necessary to complete a project • Manual dexterity – using hand tools and conducting tests on machinery • Problem - solving skills – diagnosing and addressing the causes of malfunctions • Prioritization skills – looking at a big - picture plan and breaking down the order of operations necessary to make the plan happen • Delegation skills – delegating tasks to laborers and technicians ,  providing guidance as these workers complete their tasks • Communication skills – communicating with fellow engineers ,  technicians ,  and project stakeholders
Commissioning Design Engineer;Dhitech Consultancy Services;Qatar;8 - 10 Years;Not Spec If ied;"Job Description Position :  - Commissioning Design Engineer Qual If ication :  - Chemical engineering Experience :  -  8 Years Oil  &  Gas EPC ProjectSalary Package :   ( Take note – Kindly make sure you only proposed Candidates that accepts the Salary range we may offer in case of final selection ) · For Single Status only and not for Family Status · QAR 7 , 000  -  7 , 500 / month as Basic Salary + · Site Allowances  ( when assign to Project Site; QAR 80 per day – offshore or QAR 40 per day  -  Onshore )  + · QAR 250 Food Allowance + Free Lunch in Head Office + · Free Bachelor Shared Accommodation + · Free Company Transportation from Accommodation – Office  -  Accommodation + · Annual Bonus based on employees performance Other benefits / Bonus Factor : · 30 days Vacation Leave Annually with Roundtrip Ticket Annually + Government Health Card + 48 hours per week . · Salary is always on time and not delayed · Residential Permanent / Long term basis and not a project base position only"
Plant Engineer for Largest Salt Manufacturing Company Nigeria;Elite;Other  international  ;2 - 12 Years;Not Spec If ied;Job Description  Scope of Work Utility and Mechanical Maintenance Responsible for mechanical and utility Maintenance ,  ensure downtime reduction by following Predictive maintenance ,  Preventive maintenance  &  Breakdown maintenances . Have overall responsibility for the safe ,  efficient ,  cost effective ,  reliable maintenance of the plant as  well  as all utilities of cooling tower ,  softener ,  chiller ,  RO ,  DM Plant ,  DG . Execution of best maintenance practices and administration of Maintenance Management System . Involved in the examination ,  development as  well  as testing of mechanical equipment and tools .  Responsible for providing engineering  support for workshop activities to ensure that components and equipment is maintained and refurbished correctly . Achieve maximum output by monitoring of machine efficiency and plant performance through various available tools to take corrective action in consultation with Maintenance  ( engineering  )  heads . The key area is to co - ordinates with the maintenance team to ensure no unscheduled breakdown through condition monitoring . Co - ordination  &  execution of small projects and preliminary preparation of spares ,  sending inquiry to vendors ,  gets quotation and executes job  If  it gets approved . Handling safety of shop floor workers and ensuring uptime machines . Read and interpret equipment manuals and work orders to perform required maintenance and service . Achievements Reduced machine downtime Reduced shop floor accidents Increased productivity of men and machines nisha at elitehr solutions dotin
Software Engineer are req For Canada  &  Australia;Pear Visa Immigration  services  Private Limited;Australia ,  Canada;2 - 9 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Execute full software development life cycle  (SDLC) Develop flowcharts ,  layouts and documentation to identify requirements and solutions Write well - designed ,  testable code Produce specifications and determine operational feasibility Integrate software components into a fully functional software system Develop software verification plans and quality assurance procedures Document and maintain software functionality Troubleshoot ,  debug and upgrade existing systems Deploy programs and evaluate user feedback
Oracle  Billing and Revenue  management   (BRM)  Developers;Srinav Info Systems Private Limited;Bengaluru   /   Bangalore ,  Hyderabad   /   Secunderabad;5 - 10 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Working knowledge of Oracle Database ,  C ,  C++ ,  and Unix · Translating functional requirements into conceptual and detailed designs · Implementing proof of concept ,  prototypes ,  and production - grade software · Troubleshooting software issues and implementing bug fixes · PCM and PIN Macros · Oracle BRM software development using Flist programming · Developing Policy Opcodes and MTA applications · Developing custom Data Manager · Product configuration ,  real time Rating ,  Customer registration ,  Billing ,  Invoicing ,  Accounts Receivable ,  Payment ,  General Ledger and Collection · Performance tuning of BRM applications · Pricing Center ,  Customer Center ,  Developer Center ,  and Payment Center GUI · Paymentech Server  (dm _ fusa  /  answer) · Writing PL SQL and Stored Procedure · Demonstrated systematic structured problem solving approach
Software Developer Software Engineer;Best Caliber Creator;Chennai;0 - 1 Years;120000 - 280000;Job Description immediate Hiring for junior software developerSalary :  best in industry Qualification:  B . E  /  B . TECH ,  MCA ,  BCA ,  MSC IT , Experience:  0 TO 1 years skill sets :   java c++ core java html PHP year of passout :  2017 to 2020 interview  date :  23  /  3  /  2020 to 30  /  3  /  2020 interview  time :  10am to 5pm interview  venue :  BEST CALIBER CREATOR Shifa Enclave Building F Block ,  2nd Floor Rangasamy Street Chrompet ,  Chennai -  44  (Landmark near A2B Hotel  &  near to Saravana furniture) Contact person:  devika Contact  or whatsapp number:  7305394455 Documents to be carried for the  interview :    1)  Any one of your PHOTO ID Proof [Original] . 2)  Print out of this Call Letter . 3)  Bring your updated resume .  for more details :  www . bestcalibercreator . com
Software Developer;Suntele Global Data Processing Private Limited;Pune;3 - 8 Years;330000 - 430000;"Job Description Job description • Develops software solutions by studying information needs; conferring with users; studying systems flow ,  data usage ,  and work processes; investigating problem areas; following the software development lifecycle . • Determines operational feasibility by evaluating analysis ,  problem definition ,  requirements ,  solution development ,  and proposed solutions . • Documents and demonstrates solutions by developing documentation ,  flowcharts ,  layouts ,  diagrams ,  charts ,  code comments and clear code . • Prepares and installs solutions by determining and designing system specifications ,  standards ,  and programming . • Improves operations by conducting systems analysis; recommending changes in policies and procedures . • Updates job knowledge by studying state - of - the - art development tools ,  programming techniques ,  and computing equipment; participating in educational opportunities; reading professional publications; maintaining personal networks; participating in professional organizations . • Protects operations by keeping information confidential . • Provides information by collecting ,  analysing ,  and summarizing development and service issues . • Accomplishes engineering and organization mission by completing related results as needed . • Supports and develops software engineers by providing advice ,  coaching and educational opportunities . • Provide ongoing maintenance ,  support and enhancements in existing systems and platforms . • Experience with test - driven development and automated testing frameworks . • Identifying areas for modification in existing programs and subsequently developing these modifications • Writing and implementing efficient code • Determining operational practicality • Developing quality assurance procedures • Deploying software tools ,  processes and metrics • Maintaining and upgrading existing systems • Training users Responsibilities: • Identifying tasks that could be improved through automation . • Risk and contingency planning . • Performing low to medium complexity source code development . • Investigating ,  diagnosing and correcting system issues . • Testing software in controlled ,  real situations before it goes live . • Resolving technical issues faced by other team members . • Creating training manuals for users . • Writing up reports ,  manuals and other documentation on the status ,  operation and maintenance of software . • Supporting and maintaining the software within an IT system once it is up and running . • Developing new programs . • Coding individual programs . • Peer code reviews . • Writing and executing tests for subsystems and components . • Interacting with the hardware team on a daily basis . • Carrying out technical root cause analysis . • Troubleshooting complex software systems that run in mixed - environments such as Linux ,  Unix and Windows . • Gathering  &  analyzing information . • Working alongside wider operational teams to achieve set goals . • Documenting all work in accordance with agreed standards . Skills: •  excellent  software development background ,  CSharp ,  C++ ,  Java ,  DOTNET ,  VBA ,  SQL ,  HTML • Fully conversant with computing concepts and development lifecycle methodologies • Knowledge of AI and MLE • An aptitude for problem solving with the ability to take a logical route to the source of an error •  excellent  written and verbal communication skills with demonstrable record of presenting technical details to a non - technical audience .  Utmost importance is given to this aspect . • The ability to work with a structured and methodical approach ,  combined with an enquiring mind"
IT Hardware , Software Engineer , Developer , Software programmer , Software developer , 9619184652;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Job Description IT Hardware , Software Engineer , Developer , Software programmer , Software developer , 9619184652 Salary Offered:  - 10000 to 25000 Per month Education:  - Bachelor of Technology  (B . Tech)   (Diploma)  Bachelor of Engineering  (B . E . )  mandatory Experience:  -  Fresher to 6 month of experience as preferred  location :  - thane   /   sion   /   titwala   /   andheri   /   mira rd   /   kandiwali   /   vashi   /   panvel   /   navi mumbai FACILITY  -  PF + MEDICAL FACILITY Gender:  -  Male preferred Age :  - Above 18 yrs Shift Time :  - 10:  00 am  -  6: 00 pm  (day shift) ` Weekly Working Days :  - 6 Days Weekly of :  - Sunday  interview  Time:  -  11: 00 am  -  4: 00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person:  - ISHA Contact Details:  - Click To Call HR: 9619184652
Software Developer;SKC  management  Consultancy Private Limited;Delhi;2 - 3 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Mysql   /   knowledge of SQL .  REST web  services Experience of object oriented programming .  excellent  experience in complete software development life cycle  Must  be familiar and have good experience with technology to develop RECRUITMENT SOFTWARE   /  JOB PORTALS   /  Apply Updates on our website .   The primary objective to hire Software developer is constantly Rectify   /   updates   /  Apply Applications on our Websites  , Job Portal  &  Recruitment Software and to maintain existing other software .  The position will suit most those who are staying in or around Dwarka
Ruby Rails Developer;Hucon Solutions India Private Limited;Bengaluru   /   Bangalore;3 - 4 Years;750000 - 950000;Job Description Experience in architecting ,  designing and building large components of or entire applicationsWork in an agile environment where quick iterations and good feedback are a way of life Continually look for opportunities to improve our platform ,  process and business A good team player ,  works ,  and communicates well with others A self - driven individual Good understanding of front - end technologies ,  such as JavaScript ,  HTML5 ,  and CSS3 Familiarity with concepts of MVC ,  Mocking ,  ORM ,  and RESTful
Software Developer;Pleco Migration Private Limited;Canada ,  Hong Kong;2 - 7 Years;2500000 - 4500000;Job Description Researching ,  designing ,  implementing and managing software programs Testing and evaluating new programs Identifying areas for modification in existing programs and subsequently developing these modifications Writing and implementing efficient code Determining operational practicality Developing quality assurance procedures Deploying software tools ,  processes and metrics Maintaining and upgrading existing systems Training users Working closely with other developers ,  UX designers ,  business and systems analysts
Software Engineer  /  Senior Software Engineer;Fluidyn Consultancy Pvt Ltd;Bengaluru   /   Bangalore;0 - 3 Years;500000 - 900000;Job Description Job - ID :    PFLUIDYN - I0220001 Job Title :  Software Engineer  /  Senior Software Engineer Positions  /   location  :   2 – Bengaluru Job Description:  CAD   /   GUI development   /   Pre -  Post - processing code development for fluidyn? multi - physics and other software platforms   /   Customized SW application development . Language  /  Tools:    C++ ,  QT ,  VTK ,  Open CASCADE ,  • Windows ,  LINUX  /  UNIX Expertise  /  Aptitude:  • Knowledge in computational geometry ,  meshing • Mathematically sound • Good programming knowledge • Aptitude in scientific software development
Software Engineer;Kbridge Consulting  services  Private Limited;Hyderabad   /   Secunderabad;4 - 7 Years;Not Specified;Job Description • Proficiency in CSharp • Experience using DOTNET Core • Experience in developing ASPDOTNET Core MVC applications • Fair implementations Entity Framework • Proficient knowledge in MSSQL • Understanding of HTML ,  JS ,  and CSS • Familiarity with the client - side framework jQuery | Angular • DevOps with Azure Cloud • Lead Team in a technical position
Software Engineer;Kbridge Consulting  services  Private Limited;Hyderabad   /   Secunderabad;3 - 6 Years;Not Specified;Job Description • Technical Skills  (Mandatory) ? JAVASCRIPT ? XML ? HTML ? AJAX ? VBDOTNET ? ASPDOTNET ? WINDOWS  services ? WINDOWS APPLICATION ? SQL SERVER ? Visual Studio 2015 ? Version Control o Microsoft Team Foundation  services   (TFS)
Junior Software Developer Openings for Chennai;Best Caliber Creator;Chennai;0 - 1 Years;210000 - 320000;Job Description Immediate Hiring for Software Developer Qualification:  BE ,  B . tech ,  MCA ,  M . scExperience:  6 Month to 1 YrNotice Period:  Immediate Joinee is PreferedJob  location :  ChennaiYear of passout:  2017 2018 2019 2020 interview  Date:  10 . 03 . 2020 to 20 . 03 . 2020 interview  Time:  10 am to 5 pmVenue Details:      Best Caliber Creator      Shifa Enclave ,      2nd Floor ,      Rangasamy Street ,  Chrompet ,  Chennai - 44      (LM:  Behind A2B Hotel) Thanks &  Regards ,    Devika ,    Humar Resources ,    7305394455
Software developer;Connecting Dots;Bengaluru   /   Bangalore;0 - 1 Years;400000 - 800000;Job Description Job  location :  Bangalore Desired Experience:  Fresher Course Specialization:  B . E  /   B . Tech  (CS  /  EC  /  EEE  /  IS  /  IT) Salary:  Stipend INR 10000 Per Month  (For 9 Months)  Salary  (Once Confirmed) :  INR 4 . 0 LPA to INR 8 . 0 LPA  (based on the technology offered to you)   (The final CTC will depend upon candidates performance in the  interview   &  Training Period and will be at the companys discretion)  Training Period:  9 Months Tentative date of  interview :  Will be communicated post registration window is closed Tentative date of joining:  Immediate • The shortlisted candidates will be sent Admit Cards  /  Call Letters on their registered mail Id ,  which they will need to ,  carry on the date of  interview  .  No candidate will be entertained by the company without the formal intimation from Connecting dots .  .  Note:  The candidates will have to carry their own laptop for the program .  This is Mandatory .  We will not be able to help the candidates without Laptop .   interview  Process • Online Test • Multiple Face to face
Software Developer  -  Australia  /  Canada HYSan;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia ,  Canada;9 - 14 Years;1800000 - 3000000;Job Description Suggested Job Duties: • If you are considering a job as Software Developer here is a list of the most standard responsibilities and duties for the Software Developer position . • Evaluate ,  assess and recommend software and hardware solutions . • Develop software ,  architecture ,  specifications and technical interfaces . • Develop user interfaces and client displays . • Design ,  initiate and handle technical designs and complex application features . • Develop ,  deliver and test software prototypes . • Assist software personnel in handling ongoing tasks as required . • Build flexible data models and seamless integration points . • Innovate and develop high - value technology solutions to streamline processes . • Initiate and drive major changes in programs ,  procedures and methodology . • Coordinate with other developers and software professionals .
Software Engineers  -  Australia  /  Canada HyIm;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia ,  Canada;3 - 8 Years;1800000 - 3500000;Job Description Tasks Include: researching ,  consulting ,  analysing and evaluating system program needs  identifying technology limitations and deficiencies in existing systems and associated processes ,  procedures and methods  testing ,  debugging ,  diagnosing and correcting errors and faults in an applications programming language within established testing protocols ,  guidelines and quality standards to ensure programs and applications perform to specification  writing and maintaining program code to meet system requirements ,  system designs and technical specifications in accordance with quality accredited standards  writing ,  updating and maintaining technical program ,  end user documentation and operational procedures  providing advice ,  guidance and expertise in developing proposals and strategies for software design activities such as financial evaluation and costings for recommending software purchases and upgrades
Software Programmer;Talent Corner Hr  services  Private Limited;Ahmedabad;1 - 4 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Role Will Be to Define ,  Develop ,  Test ,  Analyze ,  and Maintain New and Current Software Applications in Support of the Achievement of Business Requirements .  this Includes Writing ,  Coding ,  Testing ,  and Analyzing Software Programs and Applications .  Research ,  Design ,  Document ,  and Modify Software Specifications Throughout the Production Life Cycle .
Software Engineer;General Education;Bengaluru   /   Bangalore;2 - 4 Years;250000 - 400000;Job Description Job Description:   Be responsible for the company website ,  taking all decisions related to the architecture of the platform and technology to be used  Assume overall responsibility of uptime of the website and all IT systems with the help of external vendors  Assess new technologies and evaluate the need for their adoption to provide the business with a competitive advantage  The incumbent will have the opportunity to work with and learn from top b - school graduates  (like Harvard ,  INSEAD ,  ISB)  and have the autonomy to drive the business through technology initiatives .  Monitor competitors’ websites and systems on a regular basis and quickly adopt features  /   technology that may be useful for the business .  Lead the SEO and Social Media Marketing initiatives for the organization .  This would involve deep understanding of the business and customers .  Secure the appropriate project staffing  (internal  /   external)  .  Work closely with Finance ,  Business Development ,  and marketing teams to understand needs and develop innovative technology solutions   Should  be able to handle the company’s promotional activities like mass emailers – using various tools for mass emailing ,  generating a list of mass email addresses etc . Skills  &  Experience:   2+ years of experience in Information Technology with at least 1 years in Internet   /   Agile technologies .   Must  have code development experience in PHP ,  Node ,  Angular ,  HTML5 ,  MySql , PostgresSQL ,  MongoDB .  The incumbent would have In - depth knowledge of latest internet technologies like Microservice ,  Automation ,  Application  /  Server Optimization .  Knowledge in Search Engine Optimization ,  Social Media Marketing ,  Micro  /   Macro blogging etc .  will be added as an advantage .   Qualification  &  Other Information:  • Masters  /  Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science  /  Engineering .  location :  Bangalore
Software Engineer;Esn Technologies India Private Limited;Hyderabad   /   Secunderabad;4 - 9 Years;Not Specified;Job Description  Candidate  Should  have an experience of 4+ years as DOTNET Developer .  DOTNET ,  CSharp ,  MVC ,  ASPDOTNET ,  Razor ,  Bootstrap ,  HTML ,  CSS ,  jQuery ,  Angular ,  Entity Framework ,  Web API .  A lot of the backend stuff is in stored procedures .  Preference is to use Entity Framework for data access and reduce dependence on stored procedures .  Proficient understanding of code versioning tools such as Git ,  SVN and Mercurial .   Should  be  excellent  in communication skill  (both verbal and written)  .   Should  be Quick learner .  Interested candidates can share resume  at [HIDDEN TEXT]
PHP Developer   /   PHP Programmer   /   Software Engineer   /   Software Programmer   /   Software Developer;Robust  management   services;Chennai;2 - 10 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Roles  &  Responsibilities : Urgent Hiring for PHP Developer   /   PHP Programmer   /   Software Engineer   /   Software Programmer   /   Software Developer with 2 - 10 yrs for Chennai  location  - Candidate  Should  have PHP frameworks CodeIgniter ,  Laravel (optional)  - developing web application in PHP .    PHP Developers 2 - 10 Years Exp  We are looking for experienced candidates with a minimum of 2 year experience developing web applications in PHP   Should  have Experience in developing Portals and shopping cart using PHP .   Should  have knowledge on php frameworks CodeIgniter ,  Laravel (optional)   Should  be an immediate joinee .  Should  be responsible to complete the project before the deadline .  Testing and debugging to ensure optimal browser compatibility  Testing ,  debugging and adhering to W3C standards  Optimizing Code for SEO and performance  Salary:  As per Industry standard  NOTE :  Interested candidates can apply their Updated  /  Latest Resume to contact (at) robust management  services  . in and can contact Mr Abdul Hameed   @  +91 8754446464 for further details .
Software Developer    ,  Software Engineer    , Software Programmer    , Software Developer Trainee;null;Bengaluru   /   Bangalore ,  Hyderabad   /   Secunderabad;0 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description 1) Looking for Software Developers with atleast 2 years of experience in AngularJS - 6 ,  DOTNET  ,  CSharp  ,  MVC and HTML 5 technologies to join our product development team . 2) It is an exciting opportunity for anyone who wants to work on cutting edge technologies such as Spark in a fast paced and agile environment that offers a rapid growth . 3) Experience in AngularJS  /  Angular and Javascript development with strong fundamentals in UI design principles .
Software Engineer  /  developer;Info Corporate Service;Bengaluru   /   Bangalore;3 - 6 Years;Not Specified;Job Description                                            Opportunity for Software Engineer  /  developer  ,  having Experience 3  -  6 years in Bengaluru   /   Bangalore  location
Software Developer  -  Australia  /  Canada VaSee;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited;Australia ,  Canada;9 - 14 Years;1800000 - 3000000;Job Description Suggested Job Duties: • If you are considering a job as Software Developer here is a list of the most standard responsibilities and duties for the Software Developer position . • Evaluate ,  assess and recommend software and hardware solutions . • Develop software ,  architecture ,  specifications and technical interfaces . • Develop user interfaces and client displays . • Design ,  initiate and handle technical designs and complex application features . • Develop ,  deliver and test software prototypes . • Assist software personnel in handling ongoing tasks as required . • Build flexible data models and seamless integration points . • Innovate and develop high - value technology solutions to streamline processes . • Initiate and drive major changes in programs ,  procedures and methodology . • Coordinate with other developers and software professionals .
Sr .  Software Engineer   /   JAVA   /   Software Programmer   /   Software Developer;Pumex InfoTech Private Limited;Cochin   /   Kochi   /   Ernakulam;3 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Responsibilities: • Designing and implementing Java - based applications . • Analyzing user requirements to inform application design . • Defining application objectives and functionality . • Aligning application design with business goals . • Developing and testing software . • Debugging and resolving technical problems that arise . • Producing detailed design documentation . • Recommending changes to existing Java infrastructure . • Developing multimedia applications . • Developing documentation to assist users . • Ensuring continuous professional self - development .  Requirements: • Degree in Computer Science or related field . • Experience with user interface design ,  database structures and statistical analyses . • Analytical mindset and good problem - solving skills . •  excellent  written and verbal communication . • Good organizational skills . • Ability to work as part of a team . • Attention to detail .
Sr .  Php developer   /   Software Developer   /  Software Programmer   /   Software Engineer   /   Web Developer;Bharti Soft Tech Private Limited;Vadodara;5 - 13 Years;1000000 - 1500000;Job Description Hands - on experience with PHP . Also have experience in database -  Postgre  /   MySQL  /  SQL excellent  understanding of complete Software Development Lifecycle  (SDLC) Analysis of reported issues for bug resolution and code correction . Experience in creating front and back - end applications . Knowledge and Skills: Solid understanding of PHP fundamentals . Open to and ability to quick grasp any new technologies . Good knowledge of OOPS concepts . Experience with Magento ,  Laravel ,  MVC ,  jQuery ,  JavaScript , AJAX ,  HTML ,  CSS ,  Angular JS . Strong communication and collaboration skills . Understanding of advanced PHP techniques ,  designing solutions to complex problems .  excellent  communication skills .
Software Engineer;New Global Technologies;Bengaluru   /   Bangalore ,  Hyderabad   /   Secunderabad;0 - 5 Years;360000 - 850000;Job Description We are looking for fresh .  on different Technologies like C++ ,  Java ,  DOTNET  , Testing  , php according to our requirements .  After they will be assigned different tasks . Desired Candidate Profile Any graduates with  excellent  communication skills ,  problem solving skills and having interest to learn new things  . experienced candidates can also eligible to apply .
Software  engineer  ;New Global Technologies;Delhi ,  Mumbai;0 - 5 Years;360000 - 850000;Job Description We are looking for fresh .  on different Technologies like C++ ,  Java ,   dotnet    , Testing  , php according to our  requirement s .  After they will be assigned different tasks . Desired Candidate Profile Any graduates with excellent communication skills ,  problem solving skills and having interest to learn new things  . experienced candidates can also eligible to apply .
Software  engineer  ;Css India Center Private Limited;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;1 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description We have accessed your resume ,  as we are looking for  dotnet    ( MVC )   developer  s  ( Asp dotnet   ,  MVC ,  CSharp dotnet    &  SQL )  with 1 . 6 to 4 . 5 years of experience . As a step in that direction we would like to have recruitment process  ( Personnel Interaction )  with you . Please send us your updated resume for further process to [HIDDEN TEXT]
Senior Software  engineer  ;null;Chennai;5 - 8 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Roles  &  Responsibilities  · Well versed and Experienced in Core PHP 5 . 7+  /  JSON  /  Ajax  /  Angular JS 1  /  MySQL  /  PostgreSQL · Hands on experience in HTML 5  /  CSS 3 /  Bootstrap · Experience in JavaScript  /  jQuery  /  Angular JS · Worked on JavaScript MVC   framework      s like Angular JS  /  React JS etc . · Proficiency in Object Oriented   programming   · Should be able to write clean and maintainable code · Ability to work on large pieces of work concurrently ·  requirement s understanding ,  Concept analysis ,  Development ,  Implementation  &  Testing of web  applications   . · Troubleshoot / resolve system issues and support QA testing efforts . · Write modular ,  high - quality code while actively engaging in peer code reviews ,  Identify and perform periodic system performance and security optimizations . · Good knowledge on relational databases . · Expertise in MySQL and PostgreSQL . · Excellent communication skills in verbal  &  written . Primary Skill : PHP ,  JAVASCRIPT ,  ANGULAR JS 1 / 2 ,  CSS 2 / 3 ,  HTML 4 / 5 ,  MYSQL ,  POSTGRESQL Secondary Skill :  · Experience in common third - party APIs  ( Google MAPs ,  Facebook )   &  Web Services  ( REST / SOAP ) · Expertise in developing  &  customizing Google MAP’s properties and tools . · Knowledge of anyone MVC   framework        ( CakePHP ,  Code Igniter ,  Laravel ) · Developing modular front - end  applications   using HTML ,  CSS ,  JavaScript ,  JQuery ,  Ajax and JSON . · Developing modular front - end  applications   using HTML ,  CSS ,  JavaScript ,  JQuery ,  Ajax and JSON . · Expert Knowledge in Mobile Web Development using HTML 5 ,  CSS 3 and JavaScript . · Experience developing  applications   for mobile platforms by using toolkits like Cordova / Phone gap ,  Ionic ,  etc . · Knowledge of CSS pre - processors such as LESS and SASS ,    framework      s like Bootstrap . · Proficiency in Kendo UI ,  Bootstrap responsive design ,  and JQuery UI . · Strong understanding of cross - browser compatibility ,  with a strong knowledge of all supported browsers .   ( IE ,  Firefox ,  Safari )  . · Proficient understanding of code versioning tools ,  such as GIT or SVN .
FREELANCE IT SOFTWARE DATA SCIENCE PROJECTS  @  WORK FROM HOME;Ross Warner Hr solution s;Ahmedabad ,  Mumbai;0 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Greetings from Ross Warner HR solution s  ( Formerly known as KosmicRays HR solution s )  .  We are into the recruitment industry since last 12 years .  We are an ISO Certified 9001 : 2008 Company Reference to your application for job ,  we would like to share with you an excellent opportunity with one of our esteemed media client having a work from Home any  location  opportunity job  location   :  any city work from home and also open for freelancer Software development and data scientist vacancy Designation :  web browser  developer   IN ANY Technology  ,  And also 2 )  data scientist  . We are also looking for tech co founders good at development for another project  ,  remuneration would be in equity Experience :  0year upto 10 years Responsibilities : Technical person who is able to develop web browser using any technology like CSharp or python or any other Data scraping  ,  web scraping  , Data science would be advantage If interested ,  kindly send us your update CV on the below mentioned id :  [HIDDEN TEXT] Regards , Nehaa 8104123765 EmIL ID  :  [HIDDEN TEXT] www . rosswarnerhr . com
 dotnet    developer    /   software  developer    /  software  engineer    /  software programmer  /  software consultant;Sagitec solution s Private Limited;Pune;3 - 6 Years;300000 - 900000;Job Description ? ? BE  ( Information Technology or Computer Science )   /  MCA . ? ? Must have strong knowledge and experience in ,  ASP dotnet   ,  CSharp ,  Javascript  ,  Jquery  , SQL server , OOPS , ? ? Good to have experience in MVC and Web API . ? ? Strong Knowledge in CSharp . ? ? Excellent communication Skills . ? ? Purely Pune based .
"""Software  engineer    -   developer  """;Empowersys Learning Services;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore ,  Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;1 - 1 Years;350000 - 450000;Job Description  interview   Date  &  Time :   17th February 2020 ,  11 . 00 amClient      :             Top MNCSkills        :              Full Stack Java and   programming  Experience :        1 yr location  :             Bangalore ,  Hyderabad ,  Chennai  &  Pune requirement   :    immediate Package :            2 . 5Lpa  -  3 . 5Lpa
? Software  engineer  ;Kbridge Consulting Services Private Limited;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;3 - 6 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Technical Skills  ( Mandatory )  : • Fair implementation in CSharp • Experience using  dotnet   Core • Experience in developing ASP dotnet   Core MVC  applications   • Fair knowledge in MSSQL • Understanding of HTML ,  JS ,  and CSS • Familiarity with the client - side   framework       jQuery | Angular • DevOps with Azure Cloud
Java  developer  ;null;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;4 - 8 Years;400000 - 1800000;Job Description Key Responsibilities Design and code moderately complex units / modules / products that meet functional and business  requirement s on schedule and proficient with agile software development methodologies . • Self - motivated and willingness to continuously learn and enhance his / her skillset with Good communication skills . • Estimating  engineer  ing efforts ,  attending daily update meetings ,  ensuring functional and non - functional deliverables are on schedule ,  performing code review ,  planning implementations and helping in roll out system changes to production . • Ensuring 100% compliance to technical ,  architectural and strategic standards ,  policies ,  and procedures • Should be able to work effectively with other team members as needed to determine system problems ,  Perform unit / module testing of software to find errors and confirm programs meet specifications ,  Write and maintain documentation to describe program development ,  logic ,  coding , testing ,  changes ,  and corrections . • Supporting rollouts ,  analyzing technical issues and being available for on - call duties to lead resolution
Sr .  Software  developer  ;GKV Hotels Private Limited;Jaipur;3 - 8 Years;440000 - 1080000;Job Description Participate in  requirement s analysis Collaborate with internal teams to produce software design and architecture Write clean ,  scalable code using  dotnet     programming   languages Test and deploy  applications   and systems Revise ,  update ,  refactor and debug code Improve existing software Develop documentation throughout the software development life cycle  ( SDLC ) Serve as an expert on  applications   and provide technical support  requirement s  Proven experience as a  dotnet    developer   or Application  developer   Familiarity with the ASP dotnet     framework       ,  SQL Server and design / architectural patterns  ( e . g .  Model - View - Controller  ( MVC )  ) Knowledge of at least one of the  dotnet   languages  ( e . g .  CSharp ,  Visual Basic  dotnet   )  and HTML5 / CSS3 Familiarity with architecture styles / APIs  ( REST ,  RPC ) Understanding of Agile methodologies Excellent troubleshooting and communication skills
Python  developer    :   Leading service based company  :   Bangalore;Koral Human Resource Consultants;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore ,  Chennai;4 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Hello ,  You have a bright career with a leading service based company in Bangalore .  Skills required  €¢ Expertise in C language ,  Python and shell script development including the tools used to edit ,  compile / assemble and debug code .  €¢ Linux kernel device drivers ,  Systems  management   ,  Power  management   ,  €¢ Out - of - band and side - band systems on X86 systems .  €¢ JSON ,  REST based services .  €¢ BMC  ( Baseboard  management   Controller )  ,  OpenBMC .  Having the following exposure would be an added advantage  €¢ DMTF  ( Distributed  management   Task Force )  Redfish  €¢ PowerAPI ,  Workload manager ,  €¢ RAS ( Reliability Availability Serviceability  )  ,    Thanks Shankar [HIDDEN TEXT] 09845341726
Oracle  Billing and Revenue  management    ( BRM )   developer  s;Srinav Info Systems Private Limited;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore ,  Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;5 - 10 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Working knowledge of Oracle Database ,  C ,  C++ ,  and Unix · Translating functional  requirement s into conceptual and detailed designs · Implementing proof of concept ,  prototypes ,  and production - grade software · Troubleshooting software issues and implementing bug fixes · PCM and PIN Macros · Oracle BRM software development using Flist   programming   · Developing Policy Opcodes and MTA  applications   · Developing custom Data Manager · Product configuration ,  real time Rating ,  Customer registration ,  Billing ,  Invoicing ,  Accounts Receivable ,  Payment ,  General Ledger and Collection · Performance tuning of BRM  applications   · Pricing Center ,  Customer Center ,   developer   Center ,  and Payment Center GUI · Paymentech Server  ( dm _ fusa / answer ) · Writing PL SQL and Stored Procedure · Demonstrated systematic structured problem solving approach
Software  engineer    Software  developer  ;Meshlinks Consulting;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai;4 - 7 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Role :  Software  developer   Position :  React Js Frontend  developer   Experience :  2 - 3 years Job description We are looking for a great JavaScript  developer   who is proficient with React . js .  Your primary focus will be on developing user interface components and implementing them following well - known React . js workflows  ( such as Flux or Redux )  .  You will ensure that these components and the overall application are robust and easy to maintain .  You will coordinate with the rest of the team working on different layers of the infrastructure .  Therefore ,  a commitment to collaborative problem solving ,  sophisticated design ,  and quality product is important . Responsibilities Developing new user - facing features using React . js . Building reusable components and front - end libraries for future use . Translating designs and wireframes into high quality code . Optimizing components for maximum performance across a vast array of web - capable devices and browsers . Skills Strong proficiency in JavaScript ,  including DOM manipulation and the JavaScript object model . Thorough understanding of React . js and its core principles . Experience with popular React . js workflows  ( such as Flux or Redux )  . Familiarity with newer specifications of EcmaScript . Familiarity with RESTful APIs . Knowledge of modern authorization mechanisms ,  such as JSON Web Token . Familiarity with modern front - end build pipelines and tools . Experience with common front - end development tools such as Babel ,  Webpack ,  NPM ,  etc . Ability to understand business  requirement s and translate them into technical  requirement s . A knack for benchmarking and optimization . Familiarity with code versioning tools such as Git .
Software  engineer   / Programmer  -  Backend  developer  ;Rinko Services;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;4 - 10 Years;1800000 - 2200000;Job Description Opportunity for Software  engineer   / Programmer  ,  having Experience 4  -  110 years in Bengaluru  /  Bangalore  location Key skills  -  React Js ,  Node JS with minimum 1 . 5 Years of experience Java Programmer with minimum 4 years of experience
Software  engineer   /  developer  ;Info Corporate Service;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;3 - 6 Years;Not Specified;Job Description                                            Opportunity for Software  engineer   /  developer    ,  having Experience 3  -  6 years in Bengaluru  /  Bangalore  location
Software  developer   Software  engineer  ;One Degree North Human Resource;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;2 - 5 Years;250000 - 2050000;Job Description If you are interested in the below mentioned companies ,   CONTACT HR ESHWAR VISHWANATH Call  ( OR )  Ping in WhatsApp at 7483294242 Feel free to contact me at anytime!!! This is the right time to get in NO REGISTRATION FEE!!! NO CONTRACT BASICS!!! To Apply Give A Call  ( or )  Ping In Whatsapp For The Further Details At ANYTIME!!    VIMAAN  robotics Eligibility   -  B . Sc ,  B . E\B . Tech degree in Computer science or equivalent with 2 years experience in software    development . Shift           -  Rotational shift Salary       -  No limit  (  20 - 30% hike will be given )  location   -  Marathahalli Role           -  software  engineer   Age            -  No limit .
PHP Software  engineer   Required in Canada /  Germany /  Hong Kong /   australia;Aosta Overseas Careers;Canada ,  Germany;2 - 12 Years;Not Specified;Job Description PHP Software  engineer   Required in Canada /  Germany /  Hong Kong and  australia Responsibilities : Integration of user - facing elements developed by front - end  developer  s Build efficient ,  testable ,  and reusable PHP modules Solve complex performance problems and architectural challenges Integration of data storage solution For more information contact us on +9 7358166991 Email :  [HIDDEN TEXT]Salary :  Best in industry
PHP  developer   PHP Programmer PHP Software  developer   PHP Software  engineer   PHP Software Programmer;Hiya Digital Private Limited;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;2 - 10 Years;300000 - 800000;"Job Description You will be building high - performing ,  scalable ,  enterprise - grade  applications   .  You should be able to design ,  develop ,  and maintain efficient ,  reusable ,  and reliable PHP code ;  integrate with database servers ,  ensure the best application performance ,  code quality ,  responsiveness and security of  applications   .  If you have passion for PHP coding and open - source technology and you are constantly seeking to learn and improve skill set ,  then we have a lot to offer to feed your brain and challenge your expertise at every level .  As an experienced PHP  developer   you will be responsible for development and maintenance of cutting edge web - based PHP  applications   .  You will be required to build innovative ,  state - of - the - art  applications   and collaborate with the User Experience  ( UX )   /  Website Development team .  You will also ensure HTML ,  CSS ,  and JavaScript is valid and consistent across  applications   ,  prepare and maintain all application documents and development tools ,  utilize data services and contribute to increase existing data services ,  collaborate with entire web application development team right from concept stage to delivery and post launch maintenance support ,  refactor ,  optimize and improve the existing code - base for maintenance ,  use test driven development and acceptance tests to ensure feature quality ,  interface with customers and internal teams to gather  requirement s and develop software solution s ,  effectively convey all task progress ,  evaluations ,  suggestions ,  schedules along with technical and process issues with all stake holders ,  document the development process ,  architecture ,  and standard components ,  coordinate with co -  developer  s and keeps project manager well informed of the status of development effort and serve as liaison between development team and project manager ,  update yourself with new technology trends and best practices in web development industry .  You should be proficient in Core PHP ,  MySQL / MariaDB ,  HTML5 ,  CSS3 ,  JavaScript ,  Jquery and you should have experience with PHP MVC   framework      s  ( Laravel ,  Symfony ,  CodeIgniter ,  Zend ,  CakePHP ,  etc .  )  Extensive experience with Search Engine Optimization  ( SEO )  ,  Content  management   Systems  ( WordPress ,  Drupal ,  Joomla )  and Ecommerce Systems  ( Magento ,  WooCommerce ,  OSCommerce ,  OpenCart ,  PestraShop )  with payment gateway integration will be an added advantage .  Experience in building restful JSON web services ,  knowledge of API’s ,  and understanding of responsive design   framework      s  ( like bootstrap )  is must ."
SOFTWARE  developer    /  SOFTWARE  engineer  ;Axness Technologies Private Limited;Mumbai;4 - 10 Years;Not Specified;Job Description SOFTWARE  developer    /  SOFTWARE  engineer    ( JAVA 8 ,  RDBMS ,  Sybase ,  DB2 ,  Oracle )   Tech Skill :  Java 8  ( must )   ,  Collection ,  Multithreading ,  Rest Services ,  Design Pattern ,  Spring – all must RDBMS  -  good to have Sybase / DB2 / Oracle . UI knowledge – good to have . Exp :  4 - 10 years  interview    location   :  -  Goregaon Mumbai .
Principal Software  engineer  ;Pelatis Rigas Professional Services;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;8 - 18 Years;Not Specified;Job Description ?Strong track record of architecting enterprise software system ?Extensive experience in Linux systems   programming   in C / C++ ,  multi - threading ,  algorithms ,  data structures ?Extensive experience in developing and implementation of complex algorithms . ?Good knowledge of VMWare ecosystem and storage systems ?Strong problem solving and analytical skills ?Ability to dynamically prioritize work items so as to maximize customer satisfaction ?Ability to influence others to achieve results . ?Presentation skills . Key Responsibilities ?Own and Drive design and development of complex features in a large enterprise scale application . ?Interlock with dependent teams to understand the scope of releases ,  change requests and customer issues to address in the product . ?Offer impact analysis on our products with reference to adoption of new technologies ,  partner ecosystem changes ?Participate in architectural and design reviews during concept and development phases . ?Technical guidance to development team on any evaluation ,  feasibility study or prototyping activity ?Provide technical guidance to junior  developer  s in the team and mentoring them . ?Actively participating in all design and code review sessions within the team ?Conducting deep - dive and training sessions to both internal and external teams .
Senior Odoo  developer    /  Team Lead _ Baroda;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Vadodara;2 - 4 Years;Not Specified;Job Description  This position will be responsible for developing cross platform mobile apps for • Automotive mobility solution s .   • Define technical design for Application  ( future phases require Enterprise integration , • working with REST services ,  advanced features of Google API ,  working with Vendor Mobile APIS ,  Push notifications ,  etc . • Participate in Joint Application Design sessions • Ability to project estimates ,  timelines ,  feasibility and alternative solution s • Working on mobile app development using Agile Scrum process • Extensive Work Experience in Odoo ERP  ( preferably V 10 ,  11  &  12 ) • Experience in setting up ,  monitoring and maintaining Odoo Servers • Customization and Development of Complex Odoo Modules •   programming   Skills in Python ,  XML ,  QWEB ,  PostgreSQL ,  JavaScript ,  HTML ,  CSS • Strong skills in SQL Query Language and Database Operations • Solid Linux CLI knowledge • Excellent   programming   Logic ,  Object Oriented   programming   ,  Object Modelling ,  Relational • Databases ,  MVC ,  Web Technologies • Strong interest in Open Source • Good Verbal and Written Communication Skills • Must have experience with hybrid mobile  applications   in Cordova or similar   framework      s • Experience developing responsive web cross platform apps • iPhone / Android / Windows /  platform deployment experience • Ability to work in a project team setting • Demonstrated experience in developing secure mobile apps and troubleshooting skills • Experience using unit test   framework      s and DevOps tools
Software  engineer   / Programmer  ,  1  -  4 years;Career Seive . com;Delhi ,  Gurgaon  /  Gurugram;1 - 4 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Opportunity for Software  engineer   / Programmer  ,  having Experience 1  -  4 years in Delhi  location
Software  engineer   –fresher;New Global Technologies;Noida ,  Pune;0 - 5 Years;360000 - 850000;Job Description We are looking for fresh .  on different Technologies like C++ ,  Java ,   dotnet    , Testing  , php according to our  requirement s .  After they will be assigned different tasks . Desired Candidate Profile Any graduates with excellent communication skills ,  problem solving skills and having interest to learn new things  . experienced candidates can also eligible to apply .
Software  engineer   (  JavaScript );Seventh Contact Hiring solution s;Pune;2 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description The Role – We are seeking passionate Fullstack  developer  s to build a rich and sleek search and collaboration application . You will join our team of world - class  developer  s to deliver a scalable ,  flexible and beautiful  applications   . The perfect candidate will have a deep understanding of creating performant and robust  applications   on the web and NodeJS platforms with modern JavaScript tools and the latest technologies . Candidate  requirement s  - Excellent organizational ,  problem - solving ,  debugging and analytical skills 3+ years of experience in building backend and frontend  applications   Experience of modern development in JavaScript  ( preferably ReactJS )  and NodeJS Experience in scripting ,  cloud computing ,  and a variety of databases Excellent written and verbal communication skills Experience with Typescript is valued
Software  engineer    developer  ;One Degree North Human Resource;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;2 - 5 Years;250000 - 1550000;Job Description If you are interested in the below mentioned companies , CONTACT HR ESHWAR VISHWANATH Call  ( or )  Ping in Whatsapp at 7483294242 Feel free to contact me at anytime!!! This is the right time to get in NO REGISTRATION FEE!!! NO CONTRACT BASICS!!! To Apply Give A Call  ( or )  Ping In Whatsapp For The Further Details At ANYTIME!! VIMAAN  robotics   Eligibility  -  BS or MS degree in Computer science or equivalent with 2 years experience in software development . Shift  -  Rotational shift Salary  -  No limit  (  20 - 30% hike will be given )  location   -  Marathahalli Role  -  software  engineer   Age  -  No limit .
Software  engineer    developer  ;New Global Technologies;Delhi ,  Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;0 - 5 Years;360000 - 850000;Job Description We are looking for fresh .  on different Technologies like C++ ,  Java ,   dotnet    , Testing  , php according to our  requirement s .  After they will be assigned different tasks . Desired Candidate Profile Any graduates with excellent communication skills ,  problem solving skills and having interest to learn new things  . experienced candidates can also eligible to apply .
Sr .  Software  engineer    /  JAVA  /  Software Programmer  /  Software  developer  ;Pumex InfoTech Private Limited;Cochin  /  Kochi  /  Ernakulam;3 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Responsibilities : • Designing and implementing Java - based  applications   . • Analyzing user  requirement s to inform application design . • Defining application objectives and functionality . • Aligning application design with business goals . • Developing and testing software . • Debugging and resolving technical problems that arise . • Producing detailed design documentation . • Recommending changes to existing Java infrastructure . • Developing multimedia  applications   . • Developing documentation to assist users . • Ensuring continuous professional self - development .   requirement s : • Degree in Computer Science or related field . • Experience with user interface design ,  database structures and statistical analyses . • Analytical mindset and good problem - solving skills . • Excellent written and verbal communication . • Good organizational skills . • Ability to work as part of a team . • Attention to detail .
PHP  developer    /  PHP Programmer  /  Software  engineer    /  Software Programmer  /  Software  developer  ;Robust  management   Services;Chennai;2 - 10 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Roles  &  Responsibilities  : Urgent Hiring for PHP  developer    /  PHP Programmer  /  Software  engineer    /  Software Programmer  /  Software  developer   with 2 - 10 yrs for Chennai  location  - Candidate should have PHP   framework      s CodeIgniter ,  Laravel ( optional )  - developing web application in PHP .    PHP  developer  s 2 - 10 Years Exp  We are looking for experienced candidates with a minimum of 2 year experience developing web  applications   in PHP  Should have Experience in developing Portals and shopping cart using PHP .  Should have knowledge on php   framework      s CodeIgniter ,  Laravel ( optional )  Should be an  immediate  joinee . Should be responsible to complete the project before the deadline .  Testing and debugging to ensure optimal browser compatibility  Testing ,  debugging and adhering to W3C standards  Optimizing Code for SEO and performance  Salary :  As per Industry standard  NOTE  :  Interested candidates can apply their Updated / Latest Resume to contact ( at ) robust management  services . in and can contact Mr Abdul Hameed   @  +91 8754446464 for further details .
Software  engineer   / Senior Software  engineer  ;Fluidyn Consultancy Pvt Ltd;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;0 - 3 Years;500000 - 900000;Job Description Job - ID  :    PFLUIDYN - I0220001 Job Title  :  Software  engineer   / Senior Software  engineer   Positions /  location   :   2 – Bengaluru Job Description :  CAD  /  GUI development  /  Pre -  Post - processing code development for fluidyn? multi - physics and other software platforms  /  Customized SW application development . Language / Tools :    C++ ,  QT ,  VTK ,  Open CASCADE ,  • Windows ,  LINUX / UNIX Expertise / Aptitude :  • Knowledge in computational geometry ,  meshing • Mathematically sound • Good   programming   knowledge • Aptitude in scientific software development
Software  engineer    dotnet    developer  ;MNR solution s Private Limited;Noida;4 - 6 Years;300000 - 800000;Job Description Designation :  Software  developer   / Sr .  Software  developer   Experience :  4 - 6 Years Qualification :  B . E / B . Tech / MCA Skills and Expertise : • Should have good experience in web development • Good experience on MVC ,  Web API 2 . 0 ,  CSharp ,  Asp dotnet   ,  Asp dotnet   core ,  SQL Server ,  JSON • Sound knowledge on scripting language java script ,  jQuery ,  Bootstrap ,  Angular . • Knowledge of JIRA and SVN • Should be team player with sound analytical and problem - solving skills . • Ability to manage multiple priority tasks . • Deadline oriented and can estimate task efficiently . • Good communication skill .
Software  engineer  ;New Global Technologies;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore ,  Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;0 - 5 Years;360000 - 850000;Job Description We are looking for fresh .  on different Technologies like C++ ,  Java ,   dotnet    , Testing  , php according to our  requirement s .  After they will be assigned different tasks . Desired Candidate Profile Any graduates with excellent communication skills ,  problem solving skills and having interest to learn new things  . experienced candidates can also eligible to apply .
Software  engineer   are req For Canada  &   australia;Pear Visa Immigration Services Private Limited; australia  ,  Canada;2 - 9 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Execute full software development life cycle  ( SDLC ) Develop flowcharts ,  layouts and documentation to identify  requirement s and solution s Write well - designed ,  testable code Produce specifications and determine operational feasibility Integrate software components into a fully functional software system Develop software verification plans and quality assurance procedures Document and maintain software functionality Troubleshoot ,  debug and upgrade existing systems Deploy programs and evaluate user feedback
Software  engineer  s and designers move to Canada @ 8448490107;World Overseas Immigration Consultancy Private Limited;Canada;2 - 11 Years;2140000 - 2860000;Job Description You must have completed a minimum three - year program in computer science ,  information technology ,  computer science systems ,  or a related discipline in integrated multimedia or computing science .   ? Qualification :  Candidate should be graduate / diploma ? Experience -  Candidate should have minimum 2 years of experience . ? Good communication skills ( mandatory ) ? IELTs minimum 4 . 5 band each required ? Valid passport ? Processing time minimum 3 months
Urgent Job Openings;Angel And Genie;Mumbai;3 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Your profile is shortlisted for the vacant positions with an IT firm based at Mumbai . Kindly revert if you wish to apply for any of the below mentioned positions .  pl .  send your updated resume and below mentioned information in order to process your profile for the position on email id  €œ [HIDDEN TEXT]  €œ .   Required Details :   Applying for the position of Degree Degree College /  University Total Exp Relevant Exp Current Designation Current Org Current CTC Exp CTC Current  location Earliest Possible Joining Period  Pl .  note :  the applicant must join on  immediate  basis within 15 - 20 Days  ( Max - 30 Days ) You may also refer to your friends if they wish to apply .  Pl . find below the Positions open for your reference .  1 )  Tech Lead  ( Lead Python  developer   )  :   Exp  €“ 3 - 6 Years  ,  CTC  €“ 15 LPA  €“ 25 LPA    Responsibilities and Attributes :  €¢   Very good understanding of Python / Java ,  web   framework      s etc .  €¢   Experience creating and consuming RESTful micro services .  €¢   Good practical knowledge of transactional databases  €¢   Solid understanding of object oriented design patterns ,  data structures ,    algorithms ,  concurrency / multithreading ,  distributed processing etc .  €¢   Experience with software  engineer  ing tools like Maven ,  Jenkins ,  Git  €¢   Experience with test  automation    ( unit ,  functional ,  integration )  €¢   Experience with Amazon Web Services or any other cloud provider services  2 )  Big Data  engineer    :  Exp  €“ 1 - 5 Years  ,  CTC  €“ 12 LPA  €“ 35 LPA                Must have skills  €¢ Solid understanding of data structures ,  algorithms ,  concurrency ,  distributed    processing and data parallelism  €¢ Good conceptual understanding of a subset of NoSQL data stores like search ,  graph ,  wide - column ,  key / value and document databases .  €¢ Thorough understanding of at least one of the NoSQL data stores -  Preferable ,  if it includes Cassandra ,  Elastic Search ,  JanusGraph ,  Spark or Kafka .  €¢ Should be proficient in at least one of the general - purpose   programming   languages like Python ,  Java ,  Scala etc .  3 )  Data Scientist  :   Exp  €“ 1 - 4 Years  ,  CTC  €“ 12 LPA  €“ 35 LPA  €¢ Solid understanding of data structures ,  algorithms ,  and first principles of mathematics .  €¢ Should be proficient in Python and have worked on at least one of the popular Deep learning   framework      s ( Tensorflow ,  Keras etc .  )  .  €¢ Applied deep learning experience with CV ,  NLP ,  or fraud analytics on real datasets .  €¢ Should be comfortable in going through open source code and reading research papers .  €¢ Should be curious or thoughtful enough to answer the  €œWHYs € pertaining to the most cherished observations ,  thumb rules ,  ideas across the data science community .  4 )  Software  engineer    ( Python  developer   )  :   Exp  €“ 1 - 5 Years  ,  CTC  €“ 5 LPA  €“ 15 LPA Responsibilities and Deliverables  €¢ Write and implement software solution s that integrate different systems  €¢ Identify and suggest ways of improving efficiency and functionality  €¢ Come up with reusable code that is efficient and easily testable  €¢ Use backend logic to integrate user - facing features  €¢ Participate in the development of software connected to asset  management    ( or another core business )  €¢ Write and implement Low - Latency  applications    €¢ Implement security and data protection  €¢ Integrate data storage solution s  €¢ Design and build scalable REST APIs  €¢ Develop ,  test ,  tune for performance and deploy web services  €¢ Work with product team to build innovative ,  robust ,  and easy - to - use features  €¢ Collaborate with the team ,  optimize and refactor the back - end architecture  5 )  Software  engineer    - Web Scraper  :   Exp  €“ 1 - 5 Years  ,  CTC  €“ 5 LPA  €“ 15 LPA   Job Responsibilities :  €¢ As a Python  developer   ,  your role is to apply your knowledge set to fetch data from multiple online sources ,  cleanse it and build APIs on top of it  €¢ Develop a deep understanding of our vast data sources on the web and know exactly how ,  when ,  and which data to scrap ,  parse and store this data  €¢ Work closely with Database Administrators to store data in SQL and NoSQL databases  €¢ Develop   framework      s for automating and maintaining constant flow of data from multiple sources  €¢ Work independently with little supervision to research and test innovative solution s  6 )  DevOps  engineer    :   Exp  €“ 1 - 4 Years  ,  CTC  €“ 12 LPA  €“ 25 LPA  €¢ Solid understanding of data structures and algorithms .  €¢ Should be proficient in at least one of the general - purpose   programming   languages like Python ,  Java ,  etc .  €¢ Should be experienced in managing the IAAS and PAAS components on popular public Cloud Service Providers like AWS ,  Azure ,  GCP etc .  €¢ Should be comfortable with fundamental operating systems and networking concepts .  €¢ Should understand containers and have managed them in production using container orchestration services .  €¢ Applied exposure to continuous delivery pipelines ( CI / CD )  .  €¢ Keen interest and proven track record in  automation   and cost optimization .   location  :  -  Worli ,  Mumbai .   Thanks  &  Regards , Pinu Patel - Recruitment Consultant 7499292480 [HIDDEN TEXT] Angel  &  Genie | www . angelandgenie . com
Software  engineer    openings  for  freshers;Best Caliber Creator;Chennai;0 - 1 Years;120000 - 280000;Job Description  immediate  Hiring for junior software  developer  Salary  :  best in industry  Qualification :  B . E / B . TECH ,  MCA ,  BCA ,  MSC CS ,  BSC CS Experience :  0 TO 1 years skill sets  :   java c++ core java html PHP  year of passout  :  2017 to 2020 interview   date  :  11 / 3 / 2020 to 22 / 3 / 2020 interview   time  :  10am to 5pm interview   venue  :  BEST CALIBER CREATOR Shifa Enclave Building F Block ,  2nd Floor Rangasamy Street Chrompet ,  Chennai -  44  ( Landmark near A2B Hotel  &  near to Saravana furniture ) Contact person :  devika Contact  or whatsapp number :  7305394455  Documents to be carried for the  interview   :    1 )  Any one of your PHOTO ID Proof [Original] . 2 )  Print out of this Call Letter . 3 )  Bring your updated resume .  for more details  :  www . bestcalibercreator . com
Software  engineer  ;Karan IT solution s;Chennai ,  Mumbai;0 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Walk - in with your updated profiles ,  salary slip and one passport photograph . Any graduates with excellent communication skills ,  problem solving skills and having interest to learn new things . Programmers -  c , c++ , java , j2ee ,  dotnet    , asp dotnet   , vb dotnet   , Testing ,  php , vc++ ,  embedded , mainframe Database -  Oracle ,  Pl / sql  ,  D2K , Oracle , 8i , 9i , 10g , oracle apps . Web :  webdesign , seo , content writers
GET PLACED IN LATEST TECHNOLOGY IN 30 DAYS;Technik;Chennai;0 - 2 Years;280000 - 350000;Job Description GET PLACED IN LATEST TECHNOLOGY WITHOUT QUITTING YOUR JOB!!! About Us : Technosoft Global is a 17 Year leading global provider of IT services ,  focusing on delivering real business results from technology solution s and specializing in Business Intelligence ,  Business Analytics ,  Enterprise  applications   ,  HR - IT and Legacy Modernization .  With 90 active clients ,  Technosoft Global has achieved leadership position in industries such as Healthcare  &  Life sciences ,  Manufacturing ,  Travel ,  Transportation ,  Hospitality and Logistics ,  Banking ,  Finance ,  Insurance ,  Leasing and in Domains such as HR IT and Business Analytics . We are providing the placement - driven course in our Software Training Institute in Chennai according to our client  requirement  . Here are the following benefits you can get from our training : Dedicated Trainers who are experienced more than 10+ years in the industry . 20000 candidates every year /  200 batches per year on an average . Exclusive aptitude and soft - skills training as the value - added service . Case studies after completing every chapter with practical assessment Real - time project al location  for better hands - on practices Live business problem assignment on analytics oriented courses Guaranteed Job guidance through CV writing practice ,  profile enhancement tricks ,  and many mock  interview   preparations until placement is done . We offer an Internship opportunity to work as per the current trends of an industry High frequency in scheduling placement  interview  s in companies Regular update of candidate profiles with the client companies Regular update of vacancies to our students Scheduling  interview  s with multinational companies and CMM Level  ( 1 to 5 )  companies .   Technologies offered  : 1 .  Java  /  j2ee 2 .   dotnet   /  MVC 3 .  PYTHON 4 .  ARTIFICAL INTELLIGENCE 5 .  IOT 6 .  ORACLE 7 .  NETWORKING Avail 50% scholarship on all the latest technology along with guaranteed 100% placement assistance . Please feel free to call us for further queries at HR Poornima - 9176609192 .    Thanks & Reards , poornima gtechnosoft global
Software Programmer;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Ahmedabad;1 - 4 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Role Will Be to Define ,  Develop ,  Test ,  Analyze ,  and Maintain New and Current Software  applications   in Support of the Achievement of Business  requirement s .  this Includes Writing ,  Coding ,  Testing ,  and Analyzing Software Programs and  applications   .  Research ,  Design ,  Document ,  and Modify Software Specifications Throughout the Production Life Cycle .
Software  developer  ;Pleco Migration Private Limited;Canada ,  Hong Kong;2 - 7 Years;2500000 - 4500000;Job Description Researching ,  designing ,  implementing and managing software programs Testing and evaluating new programs Identifying areas for modification in existing programs and subsequently developing these modifications Writing and implementing efficient code Determining operational practicality Developing quality assurance procedures Deploying software tools ,  processes and metrics Maintaining and upgrading existing systems Training users Working closely with other  developer  s ,  UX designers ,  business and systems analysts
Software  engineer  ;Esn Technologies India Private Limited;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;4 - 9 Years;Not Specified;Job Description  Candidate should have an experience of 4+ years as  dotnet    developer   .   dotnet   ,  CSharp ,  MVC ,  ASP dotnet   ,  Razor ,  Bootstrap ,  HTML ,  CSS ,  jQuery ,  Angular ,  Entity   framework       ,  Web API .  A lot of the backend stuff is in stored procedures .  Preference is to use Entity   framework       for data access and reduce dependence on stored procedures .  Proficient understanding of code versioning tools such as Git ,  SVN and Mercurial .  Should be Excellent in communication skill  ( both verbal and written )  .  Should be Quick learner .  Interested candidates can share resume  at [HIDDEN TEXT]
Software  engineer   –fresher / trainee;New Global Technologies;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore ,  Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;0 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description We are looking for fresh graduates to work for our Organization .  on different Technologies like C++ ,  Java ,   dotnet    , Testing , php , oracle ,  mainframes . webdesign ,  according to our  requirement s .  After they will be assigned different tasks . Desired Candidate Profile Any graduates with excellent communication skills ,  problem solving skills and having interest to learn new things  . experienced candidates can also eligible to apply .
URGENTLY REQUIRES Jr .  Product Development Software  engineer   for Zambia;International Trade Links;South Africa;4 - 8 Years;Not Specified;Job Description FOR A REPUTED COMPANY , ZAMBIA Jr .  Product Development Software  engineer   Should have min 4 years experience in relevant field FOR DETAILS CONTACT :  7907699904 ,  7907699905 ,  7907699907  International Trade Links  ( ITL ) 7th Floor ,  Housing Board Building , Panampilly Nagar ,  Cochin
Software  engineer   –fresher;New Global Technologies;Delhi ,  Gurgaon  /  Gurugram;0 - 5 Years;360000 - 850000;Job Description We are looking for fresh .  on different Technologies like C++ ,  Java ,   dotnet    , Testing  , php according to our  requirement s .  After they will be assigned different tasks . Desired Candidate Profile Any graduates with excellent communication skills ,  problem solving skills and having interest to learn new things  . experienced candidates can also eligible to apply .
Software  engineer   /  Senior Software  engineer   -   automation  ;Great Software Laboratory Private Limited;Pune;3 - 6 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Software  engineer   /  Senior Software  engineer   -   automation   Job ID  :  1806  location   :  Pune Experience Level  :  3 to 6 years  Must Have Skills  :  OOPS concepts ,  Core Java ,  Webservices  &   automation   QA Nice To Have Skills  :  Good to have :  Cloud concepts . Roles  &  responsibilities  :  QA  automation   .
Software  engineer    developer  ;Karan IT solution s;Vijayawada ,  Visakhapatnam;0 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Walk - in with your updated profiles ,  salary slip and one passport photograph . Any graduates with excellent communication skills ,  problem solving skills and having interest to learn new things . Programmers -  c , c++ , java , j2ee ,  dotnet    , asp dotnet   , vb dotnet   , Testing ,  php , vc++ ,  embedded , mainframe Database -  Oracle ,  Pl / sql  ,  D2K , Oracle , 8i , 9i , 10g , oracle apps . Web :  webdesign , seo , content writers
Junior Software  developer   Openings for Chennai;Best Caliber Creator;Chennai;0 - 1 Years;210000 - 320000;Job Description  immediate  Hiring for Software  developer   Qualification :  BE ,  B . tech ,  MCA ,  M . scExperience :  6 Month to 1 YrNotice Period :   immediate  Joinee is PreferedJob  location  :  ChennaiYear of passout :  2017 2018 2019 2020 interview   Date :  10 . 03 . 2020 to 20 . 03 . 2020 interview   Time :  10 am to 5 pmVenue Details :      Best Caliber Creator      Shifa Enclave ,      2nd Floor ,      Rangasamy Street ,  Chrompet ,  Chennai - 44      ( LM :  Behind A2B Hotel ) Thanks &  Regards ,    Devika ,    Humar Resources ,    7305394455
Software  engineer  ;Kbridge Consulting Services Private Limited;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;3 - 6 Years;Not Specified;Job Description • Technical Skills  ( Mandatory ) ? JAVASCRIPT ? XML ? HTML ? AJAX ? VB dotnet   ? ASP dotnet   ? WINDOWS SERVICES ? WINDOWS APPLICATION ? SQL SERVER ? Visual Studio 2015 ? Version Control o Microsoft Team Foundation Services  ( TFS )
Urgent  requirement  of IT Consultant /  Software  engineer   in Canada /   australia;Global Vision Immigration; australia  ,  Canada;3 - 10 Years;3050000 - 5050000;"Job Description Our clients are hiring Software  engineer  s  /  IT Consultants  ( Post Immigration )  for Canada . Job Duties :  • Defining an issue or a challenge and then designing ,  developing and implementing a new and innovative computing solution  . • Writing user guides on the new computing technologies they have created and designed . • Ensuring all of an organizations computer - based equipment ,  information and services are protected . • Determines operational feasibility by evaluating analysis ,  problem definition ,   requirement s ,  solution  development ,  and proposed solution s . • Documents and demonstrates solution s by developing documentation ,  flowcharts ,  layouts ,  diagrams ,  charts ,  code comments and clear code . • Prepares and installs solution s by determining and designing system specifications ,  standards ,  and   programming   . • Improves operations by conducting systems analysis ;  recommending changes in policies and procedures . • Obtains and licenses software by obtaining required information from vendors ;  recommending purchases ;  testing and approving products . • Protects operations by keeping information confidential . • Provides information by collecting ,  analyzing ,  and summarizing development and service issues . • Accomplishes  engineer  ing and organization mission by completing related results as needed . • Develops software solution s by studying information needs ;  conferring with users ;  studying systems flow ,  data usage ,  and work processes ;  investigating problem areas ;  following the software development lifecycle . Education  &  Skills  requirement  :  • Must have 3+ years of related experience • Must have Bachelor  /  Masters Degree in Computer Science  /  IT  /  Science  ( IT ) • Problem solving and logic • Creativity and design skills • Knowledge of emerging tech trends • Collaboration and communication • Flexibility and adaptability • Math and analytical skills • Computer hardware and software •   programming    Interested candidates may contact us at 91 - 9910622335 ,  91 -  9910844229 ,  91 - 9870403900 ,  91 - 9667141100 ,  to be considered ."
Senior Odoo  developer    /  Team Lead _ Ahmedabad _ Kolkata;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Ahmedabad ,  Kolkata;2 - 4 Years;Not Specified;Job Description  This position will be responsible for developing cross platform mobile apps for • Automotive mobility solution s .   • Define technical design for Application  ( future phases require Enterprise integration , • working with REST services ,  advanced features of Google API ,  working with Vendor Mobile APIS ,  Push notifications ,  etc . • Participate in Joint Application Design sessions • Ability to project estimates ,  timelines ,  feasibility and alternative solution s • Working on mobile app development using Agile Scrum process • Extensive Work Experience in Odoo ERP  ( preferably V 10 ,  11  &  12 ) • Experience in setting up ,  monitoring and maintaining Odoo Servers • Customization and Development of Complex Odoo Modules •   programming   Skills in Python ,  XML ,  QWEB ,  PostgreSQL ,  JavaScript ,  HTML ,  CSS • Strong skills in SQL Query Language and Database Operations • Solid Linux CLI knowledge • Excellent   programming   Logic ,  Object Oriented   programming   ,  Object Modelling ,  Relational • Databases ,  MVC ,  Web Technologies • Strong interest in Open Source • Good Verbal and Written Communication Skills • Must have experience with hybrid mobile  applications   in Cordova or similar   framework      s • Experience developing responsive web cross platform apps • iPhone / Android / Windows /  platform deployment experience • Ability to work in a project team setting • Demonstrated experience in developing secure mobile apps and troubleshooting skills • Experience using unit test   framework      s and DevOps tools
Software  developer      ,  Software  engineer      , Software Programmer    , Software  developer   Trainee;null;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore ,  Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;0 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description 1 ) Looking for Software  developer  s with atleast 2 years of experience in AngularJS - 6 ,   dotnet    ,  CSharp  ,  MVC and HTML 5 technologies to join our product development team . 2 ) It is an exciting opportunity for anyone who wants to work on cutting edge technologies such as Spark in a fast paced and agile environment that offers a rapid growth . 3 ) Experience in AngularJS / Angular and Javascript development with strong fundamentals in UI design principles .
Software  developer    -   australia  / Canada VaSee;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited; australia  ,  Canada;9 - 14 Years;1800000 - 3000000;Job Description Suggested Job Duties : • If you are considering a job as Software  developer   here is a list of the most standard responsibilities and duties for the Software  developer   position . • Evaluate ,  assess and recommend software and hardware solution s . • Develop software ,  architecture ,  specifications and technical interfaces . • Develop user interfaces and client displays . • Design ,  initiate and handle technical designs and complex application features . • Develop ,  deliver and test software prototypes . • Assist software personnel in handling ongoing tasks as required . • Build flexible data models and seamless integration points . • Innovate and develop high - value technology solution s to streamline processes . • Initiate and drive major changes in programs ,  procedures and methodology . • Coordinate with other  developer  s and software professionals .
Client Relationship Executive;null;Panchkula;0 - 2 Years;50000 - 240000;Job Description We are looking for a Client Relations Executive to be associated with us for long - term relationships and coordinate with customers belonging to Punjab ,  Haryana ,  Uttarkhand  &  Himachal Pradesh . You will resolve any issues that arise to ensure customers are satisfied with our IT services . In this role ,  you should be an excellent communicator whos able to grasp customer operational needs and fulfil their IT needs with your experience . Responsibilities Build relationships with key employees among customers Schedule regular meetings with customers to ensure they are satisfied Act as point of contact for complaints and escalate issues to IT Team  &   management   as appropriate Ensure both the company and clients adhere to contract terms Collaborate with internal teams  ( e . g .  sales ,  IT  &  senior  management   )  to address customers needs Work on SQL Database and generate periodical reports . Hire  &  Train resources by coordinating with HR Set - up IT systems along with IT team coordination Should be able to work with Multiple clients in Punjab ,  Haryana ,  Uttarakhand  &  Himachal Pradesh  requirement s Proven experience as a Client Relations Executive or Operations with IT Background Industry knowledge is a plus Proficient in SQL Databases A customer - oriented attitude  -  Govt Clients Excellent communication and negotiation skills Problem - solving aptitude Ability to work well with a team Any Bachelors / Masters Degree in Computer Science or IT Work Place :  Sector 11 ,  Panchkula
Software  engineer  ;Kbridge Consulting Services Private Limited;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;4 - 7 Years;Not Specified;Job Description • Proficiency in CSharp • Experience using  dotnet   Core • Experience in developing ASP dotnet   Core MVC  applications   • Fair implementations Entity   framework       • Proficient knowledge in MSSQL • Understanding of HTML ,  JS ,  and CSS • Familiarity with the client - side   framework       jQuery | Angular • DevOps with Azure Cloud • Lead Team in a technical position
Software  engineer   / Programmer with Angular JS and Node JS skills;Lenire Consulting Group;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City;2 - 5 Years;Not Specified;"Job Description Description ; Opportunity for Software  engineer   / Programmer  ,  having Experience 2  -  5 years in Angular JS and Node JS skills .  location  - Andheri WEST ."
Software  engineer  ;Adam Information Technologies India Private Limited;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;3 - 8 Years;Not Specified;Job Description we are looking for  dotnet    developer  s with angular 2 / 4 / 5 / 6 / 7Total exp : 3 to 9notice period :  immediate  to 15days dotnet    developer  s with angular interview    location   : Hyderabad job  location   : Hyderabad  interview  date : weekdays
Software  engineer  ;E - Hireo Global solution s Private Limited;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;0 - 3 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Responsibilities  :  • Build efficient ,  testable ,  and reusable code . • REST API design and realization . • Solve complex performance problems and architectural challenges . • Integration with third party solution s / services with JSON data via REST ,  SOAP or other means . • Integration of data storage solution s  -  databases ,  key - value stores ,  blob stores ,  etc . • Integration of user - facing elements developed by front - end  developer  s .   Skills and Qualifications  :  • B . E .  / B . Tech / M . Tech in CS / IS / EC from a reputed college . • Good knowledge in any Backend language  ( e . g .  Java  /  Python  /  Go Lang  /  PHP  /  Node JS  /  C  /  C++ )  . • Good understanding in Data Structure and Algorithms . • Good logical reasoning and   programming   skills . • Understanding in Database like MySQL  /  MS SQL  /  Mongo DB . • Knowledge in Any cloud will be advantageous  ( AWS / Azure / GCP )  . • Ability to work and thrive in a fast - paced environment ,  learn rapidly and master diverse technologies and techniques .
Senior Odoo  developer    /  Team Lead _ Pune _ Delhi / NCR;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Delhi ,  Pune;2 - 4 Years;Not Specified;Job Description  This position will be responsible for developing cross platform mobile apps for • Automotive mobility solution s .   • Define technical design for Application  ( future phases require Enterprise integration , • working with REST services ,  advanced features of Google API ,  working with Vendor Mobile APIS ,  Push notifications ,  etc . • Participate in Joint Application Design sessions • Ability to project estimates ,  timelines ,  feasibility and alternative solution s • Working on mobile app development using Agile Scrum process • Extensive Work Experience in Odoo ERP  ( preferably V 10 ,  11  &  12 ) • Experience in setting up ,  monitoring and maintaining Odoo Servers • Customization and Development of Complex Odoo Modules •   programming   Skills in Python ,  XML ,  QWEB ,  PostgreSQL ,  JavaScript ,  HTML ,  CSS • Strong skills in SQL Query Language and Database Operations • Solid Linux CLI knowledge • Excellent   programming   Logic ,  Object Oriented   programming   ,  Object Modelling ,  Relational • Databases ,  MVC ,  Web Technologies • Strong interest in Open Source • Good Verbal and Written Communication Skills • Must have experience with hybrid mobile  applications   in Cordova or similar   framework      s • Experience developing responsive web cross platform apps • iPhone / Android / Windows /  platform deployment experience • Ability to work in a project team setting • Demonstrated experience in developing secure mobile apps and troubleshooting skills • Experience using unit test   framework      s and DevOps tools
Senior Odoo  developer    /  Team Lead _ Chennai _ Hyderabad;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Chennai ,  Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;2 - 4 Years;Not Specified;Job Description  This position will be responsible for developing cross platform mobile apps for • Automotive mobility solution s .   • Define technical design for Application  ( future phases require Enterprise integration , • working with REST services ,  advanced features of Google API ,  working with Vendor Mobile APIS ,  Push notifications ,  etc . • Participate in Joint Application Design sessions • Ability to project estimates ,  timelines ,  feasibility and alternative solution s • Working on mobile app development using Agile Scrum process • Extensive Work Experience in Odoo ERP  ( preferably V 10 ,  11  &  12 ) • Experience in setting up ,  monitoring and maintaining Odoo Servers • Customization and Development of Complex Odoo Modules •   programming   Skills in Python ,  XML ,  QWEB ,  PostgreSQL ,  JavaScript ,  HTML ,  CSS • Strong skills in SQL Query Language and Database Operations • Solid Linux CLI knowledge • Excellent   programming   Logic ,  Object Oriented   programming   ,  Object Modelling ,  Relational • Databases ,  MVC ,  Web Technologies • Strong interest in Open Source • Good Verbal and Written Communication Skills • Must have experience with hybrid mobile  applications   in Cordova or similar   framework      s • Experience developing responsive web cross platform apps • iPhone / Android / Windows /  platform deployment experience • Ability to work in a project team setting • Demonstrated experience in developing secure mobile apps and troubleshooting skills • Experience using unit test   framework      s and DevOps tools
Senior Odoo  developer    /  Team Lead _ Mumbai _ Bangalore;Talent Corner Hr Services Private Limited;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore ,  Mumbai;2 - 4 Years;Not Specified;Job Description  This position will be responsible for developing cross platform mobile apps for • Automotive mobility solution s . • Define technical design for Application  ( future phases require Enterprise integration , • working with REST services ,  advanced features of Google API ,  working with Vendor Mobile APIS ,  Push notifications ,  etc . • Participate in Joint Application Design sessions • Ability to project estimates ,  timelines ,  feasibility and alternative solution s • Working on mobile app development using Agile Scrum process • Extensive Work Experience in Odoo ERP  ( preferably V 10 ,  11  &  12 ) • Experience in setting up ,  monitoring and maintaining Odoo Servers • Customization and Development of Complex Odoo Modules •   programming   Skills in Python ,  XML ,  QWEB ,  PostgreSQL ,  JavaScript ,  HTML ,  CSS • Strong skills in SQL Query Language and Database Operations • Solid Linux CLI knowledge • Excellent   programming   Logic ,  Object Oriented   programming   ,  Object Modelling ,  Relational • Databases ,  MVC ,  Web Technologies • Strong interest in Open Source • Good Verbal and Written Communication Skills • Must have experience with hybrid mobile  applications   in Cordova or similar   framework      s • Experience developing responsive web cross platform apps • iPhone / Android / Windows /  platform deployment experience • Ability to work in a project team setting • Demonstrated experience in developing secure mobile apps and troubleshooting skills • Experience using unit test   framework      s and DevOps tools
Software  developer  ;Connecting Dots;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;0 - 1 Years;400000 - 800000;Job Description Job  location  :  Bangalore Desired Experience :  Fresher Course Specialization :  B . E /  B . Tech  ( CS / EC / EEE / IS / IT ) Salary :  Stipend INR 10000 Per Month  ( For 9 Months )  Salary  ( Once Confirmed )  :  INR 4 . 0 LPA to INR 8 . 0 LPA  ( based on the technology offered to you )   ( The final CTC will depend upon candidates performance in the  interview    &  Training Period and will be at the companys discretion )  Training Period :  9 Months Tentative date of  interview   :  Will be communicated post registration window is closed Tentative date of joining :   immediate  • The shortlisted candidates will be sent Admit Cards / Call Letters on their registered mail Id ,  which they will need to ,  carry on the date of  interview   .  No candidate will be entertained by the company without the formal intimation from Connecting dots .  .  Note :  The candidates will have to carry their own laptop for the program .  This is Mandatory .  We will not be able to help the candidates without Laptop .   interview   Process • Online Test • Multiple Face to face
Software  engineer   Senior Software  engineer  ;CloudWiz Consulting;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City;2 - 6 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Opportunity forJava Spring ,  Spring boot  developer  s  ,  having Experience 2  -  6 years in Mumbai  location  ,  with our MNC client  ( On Direct Payroll )
Software  engineer  ;Acuity Software Technologies Private Limited;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;2 - 4 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Description of Responsibilities : • Experienced Microsoft  dotnet   software  developer  s will be involved with development of a fast growing brand of Windows based products and future web  applications   . • Job entails complete understanding of the project  requirement s ,  documenting processes development ,  testing and delivery of software components across all stages of the development life cycle . • While the candidates will be part of a team ,  they must have clear understanding and interpretation of project scope ,  schedule  &  deliverables .  Project plan  management   ,  preparation of project documentations ,  design development and testing of  applications   . Job Specifications :    •   programming   knowledge of Windows  applications   and Web  applications   . • Proficient in Visual Studio 2008 - 2013 and higher ,  XML ,  CSharp ,  MVC ,  ASP dotnet   ,  Ajax ,  Angular Js ,  JavaScript . • Good Knowledge of SQL Server 2008 - 2014 and higher ,  MS Access ,  Crystal Reports and Windows Reports . • Strong knowledge of  dotnet     framework       2 . 0 ,  3 . 0 ,  3 . 5 ,  4 . 0 and 4 . 5 . • Good knowledge of SDLC . • Experience of TFS ,  VSS ,  OOAD ,  UML ,  MS Project ,  project planning and problem analysis and be self - starters . • Excellent communication and interpersonal skills .  *  Note :  Microsoft certification is must . Qualification :    • Candidates must have Bachelor In Computers qualifications  ( B . Tech / B . E )   / Masters in Computer Science  ( MCA ,  M .  Sc .  etc )  with hands on experience using Visual Studio 2008 - 2015 ,  Visual Basic  dotnet   ,  CSharp ,  ASP dotnet   ,   dotnet   2 . 0 - 4 . 5 ,  Microsoft Reports ,  Microsoft SQL Server 2008 - 2014 ,  Microsoft SQL Express ,  MS Access and XML ,  MVC ,  Angular JS .  Experience in Microsoft technologies preferably in product development .  Knowledge of other platforms will be an advantage . • Candidates must be Microsoft Certified Professional with current Microsoft certifications . Experience :  2 to 4 years Company Profile :    Acuity Software Technologies is a Hyderabad based software Development Company ,  a part of UK based group of companies .  The Group has a rapidly growing brand of software products .
Software  developer  ;Pleco Migration Private Limited;Canada ,  Hong Kong;2 - 7 Years;2500000 - 4500000;Job Description Researching ,  designing ,  implementing and managing software programs Testing and evaluating new programs Identifying areas for modification in existing programs and subsequently developing these modifications Writing and implementing efficient code Determining operational practicality Developing quality assurance procedures Deploying software tools ,  processes and metrics Maintaining and upgrading existing systems Training users Working closely with other  developer  s ,  UX designers ,  business and systems analysts
IT Hardware , Software  engineer   ,  developer   , Software programmer , Software  developer   , 9619184652;null;Mumbai ,  Mumbai City ,  Navi Mumbai ,  Thane;0 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Job Description IT Hardware , Software  engineer   ,  developer   , Software programmer , Software  developer   , 9619184652 Salary Offered :  - 10000 to 25000 Per month Education :  - Bachelor of Technology  ( B . Tech )   ( Diploma )  Bachelor of  engineer  ing  ( B . E .  )  mandatory Experience :  -  Fresher to 6 month of experience as preferred  location  :  - thane  /  sion  /  titwala  /  andheri  /  mira rd  /  kandiwali  /  vashi  /  panvel  /  navi mumbai FACILITY  -  PF + MEDICAL FACILITY Gender :  -  Male preferred Age  :  - Above 18 yrs Shift Time  :  - 10 :  00 am  -  6 : 00 pm  ( day shift ) ` Weekly Working Days  :  - 6 Days Weekly of  :  - Sunday  interview   Time :  -  11 : 00 am  -  4 : 00 pm | Monday to saturday Contact Person :  - ISHA Contact Details :  - Click To Call HR : 9619184652
Software  engineer  ;General Education;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;2 - 4 Years;250000 - 400000;Job Description Job Description :   Be responsible for the company website ,  taking all decisions related to the architecture of the platform and technology to be used  Assume overall responsibility of uptime of the website and all IT systems with the help of external vendors  Assess new technologies and evaluate the need for their adoption to provide the business with a competitive advantage  The incumbent will have the opportunity to work with and learn from top b - school graduates  ( like Harvard ,  INSEAD ,  ISB )  and have the autonomy to drive the business through technology initiatives .  Monitor competitors’ websites and systems on a regular basis and quickly adopt features / technology that may be useful for the business .  Lead the SEO and Social Media Marketing initiatives for the organization .  This would involve deep understanding of the business and customers .  Secure the appropriate project staffing  ( internal /  external )  .  Work closely with Finance ,  Business Development ,  and marketing teams to understand needs and develop innovative technology solution s  Should be able to handle the company’s promotional activities like mass emailers – using various tools for mass emailing ,  generating a list of mass email addresses etc . Skills  &  Experience :   2+ years of experience in Information Technology with at least 1 years in Internet  /  Agile technologies .  Must have code development experience in PHP ,  Node ,  Angular ,  HTML5 ,  MySql , PostgresSQL ,  MongoDB .  The incumbent would have In - depth knowledge of latest internet technologies like Microservice ,   automation   ,  Application / Server Optimization .  Knowledge in Search Engine Optimization ,  Social Media Marketing ,  Micro /  Macro blogging etc .  will be added as an advantage .   Qualification  &  Other Information :  • Masters / Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science /  engineer  ing .  location  :  Bangalore
Senior Software  engineer  ;Mphasis Limited;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;3 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Senior Software  engineer  Experience  : 3  -  5 Years location  :  Hyderabad Job Description : Key Skills  &  Responsibilities :  • Primary Skill  -  RPA Win  automation    /  Soft motive  • Secondary skill : UI Path  /   automation   Anywhere required Must have Java  /  VB scripting experience Minimum of 3 years of overall IT experience Required excellent communication skills Hands - on experience in Win automation   RPA with 2 or more BOTs deployed into production . Good exposure in SQL and ability to leverage the same in End to End  automation   . Note :  • Notice period should be  immediate  to 30 days
Senior Software  engineer  ;null;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;3 - 7 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Essential Skills :  *  Minimum 2 years of experience with Angular JS and Javascript *  Minimum 1 - 3 years of experience of working with HTML 5 and CSS *  Minimum 1 - 3 years of experience on UI development using Bootstrap and Responsive Pages *  Hands on experience of working with REST Web APIs using  dotnet     framework       *  Should have a solid understanding of the SDLC processes  ( Design ,  Construction ,  Testing ,  Deployment )  *  Must have good verbal and written communication skills .   ( Should be able to talk fluently and write emails without grammatical mistakes )  *  Proven experience of delivering on - time and with quality *  Must have very good analytical and problem solving skills *  Qualification :  BE / B . Tech / MCA / M . Tech Desired Skills :  *  Hands on experience of working with REST Web APIs using  dotnet     framework       *  Working experience on entity   framework       /  ADO dotnet   *  Hands on experience of configuration  management   and version maintenance *  Prior experience of working in the shipping domain *  Hand on experience in writing technical specifications
Software  engineer   / Programmer  ,  5  -  10 years;Placenet Consultants Private Limited;Chennai;5 - 10 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Primary skills          :  Java ,  Webservices ,  Database      Secondary Skills           :  Spring Boot Spring and  hibernate    •  Experience in   programming   languages and designing graphic  applications   .
Software  engineer   || Dot Net  developer  ;Winvest Technology Consultancy Services Private Limited;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;4 - 7 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Greetings from Winvest Technologies !!! We have  immediate   requirement  for Dot net  developer  s location   :  Hyderabad . Exp  :  4 to 7yrsDot Net   framework       , Dot NET   programming   languages , CSharp ,  ASP dotnet   ,  MVC architecture , Rest API ,  Message Queue  &  Service Bus ,  SQL , Dot NET Core ,  Windows Service ,  Docker ,  Mock Testing
Software  engineer   / Programmer  ,  3  -  7 years;SAW IT Services Private Limited;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;3 - 7 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Opportunity for Software  engineer   / Programmer  ,  having Experience 3  -  7 years in Bengaluru  /  Bangalore  location
 immediate  opening for Java  developer    ( Only Pune candidates );Magna Infotech Limited;Pune;1 - 3 Years;Not Specified;Job Description  immediate  opening for Java  developer    ( Only Pune candidates )  . Exp :  1 - 3 years Notice period -  immediate  to  15 Days . • Bachelor’s degree in IT /  Computer Science or related field . • Strong Java coding knowledge .  • Experience in tools like Rest and TestNg • Good Knowledge in Spring ,  Object Oriented methodologies  ( design patterns )  ,  DB concepts and technologies . • Strong analytical skills and familiarity with coding standards and methodologies . • Excellent communication and interpersonal .  Interested candidates can send there updated  resume on sruthi . kuttan @  quesscorp . com or watsapp on 7249871606 .
Android  developer    :  Drive on 7th  March Bangalore;Koral Human Resource Consultants;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;2 - 6 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Hello ,   /  /   1 .  SCHEDULED DRIVE ON 7TH MARCH IN BANGALORE .  . 2 .  WILLING TO JOIN IN 1 - 2 WEEKS /  /  You have a bright career with a leading service based company in Bangalore .  Send your updated CV if looking for change in job .  .  .  JD : Android  developer   with strong experience in API ,  Google services ,  Play stores  Experience 2 - 8 years  Shankar Koral [HIDDEN TEXT] 09845341726
Software  engineer  s  -   australia  / Canada HyIm;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited; australia  ,  Canada;3 - 8 Years;1800000 - 3500000;Job Description Tasks Include : researching ,  consulting ,  analysing and evaluating system program needs  identifying technology limitations and deficiencies in existing systems and associated processes ,  procedures and methods  testing ,  debugging ,  diagnosing and correcting errors and faults in an  applications     programming   language within established testing protocols ,  guidelines and quality standards to ensure programs and  applications   perform to specification  writing and maintaining program code to meet system  requirement s ,  system designs and technical specifications in accordance with quality accredited standards  writing ,  updating and maintaining technical program ,  end user documentation and operational procedures  providing advice ,  guidance and expertise in developing proposals and strategies for software design activities such as financial evaluation and costings for recommending software purchases and upgrades
Hiring for Node JS;Jobs Expert Private Limited;Gurgaon  /  Gurugram;2 - 4 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Global Technology Company in GURGAON           Hiring NOde JS  developer  Minimum 2 plus years experience in developing large scale web based Experience with Express . JS ,  Loopback ,  Swagger ,  PM2 ,  Jenkins  ( Hapi . js and Meteor . js is an added advantage ) Experience with MongoDB ,  MySql and any other database services of AWS or GCP .   ( Firebase and DynamoDB is an added advantage .  )  Simmi 8467054123 ,  9289916661
Sr .  Php  developer    /  Software  developer    / Software Programmer  /  Software  engineer    /  Web  developer  ;Bharti Soft Tech Private Limited;Vadodara;5 - 13 Years;1000000 - 1500000;Job Description Hands - on experience with PHP . Also have experience in database -  Postgre /  MySQL / SQLExcellent understanding of complete Software Development Lifecycle  ( SDLC ) Analysis of reported issues for bug resolution  and code correction . Experience in creating front and back - end  applications   . Knowledge and Skills : Solid understanding of PHP fundamentals . Open to and ability to quick grasp any new technologies . Good knowledge of OOPS concepts . Experience with Magento ,  Laravel ,  MVC ,  jQuery ,  JavaScript , AJAX ,  HTML ,  CSS ,  Angular JS . Strong communication and collaboration skills . Understanding of advanced PHP techniques ,  designing solution s to complex problems . Excellent communication skills .
Software  engineer   / Programmer  ,  1  -  7 years;Career Seive . com;Delhi ,  Gurgaon  /  Gurugram;1 - 7 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Opportunity for Software  engineer   / Programmer  ,  having Experience 1  -  7 years in Delhi  location
Urgent wanted for Software  engineer  ;null;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore ,  Coimbatore;0 - 4 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Develops information systems by designing ,  developing ,  and installing software solution s .   .  .  .  Develops software solution s by studying information needs ,  conferring with users ,  and studying systems flow ,  data usage ,  and work processes .  Investigates problem areas , Contact Person  -  Manikandan HR Contact Number  -  9944609376
Software  engineer    developer  ;Freelancer  -  Senni;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore ,  Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;1 - 4 Years;540000 - 760000;Job Description  -  CCIE CERTIFIED .  GOOD PRESENTATION SKILLS .  TEAM PLAYER .  GOOD KNOWLEDGE .  PRESENCE OF MIND  .   location  PREFERRED CHENNAI ,  HYDERABAD ,  BENGALURU .  WILL HAVE A GOOD GROWTH IN THE ORGANISATION .  SHOULD BE ABLE TO DELIVER THE WORK IN STIPULATED TIME .  WITH STRONG COMMUNICATION SKILLS
Java with Bootstrap;ILabz Technology LLP;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;3 - 4 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Experience  :  3  - 4yrs location   :  BangaloreClient  :  IGrid Consulting Services pvt Ltd .  , Notice period  :   immediate Skill  : Need experience in Java and bootstrap
Software  developer   Software  engineer  ;Best Caliber Creator;Chennai;0 - 1 Years;120000 - 280000;Job Description  immediate  Hiring for junior software  developer  Salary  :  best in industry Qualification :  B . E / B . TECH ,  MCA ,  BCA ,  MSC IT , Experience :  0 TO 1 years skill sets  :   java c++ core java html PHP year of passout  :  2017 to 2020 interview   date  :  23 / 3 / 2020 to 30 / 3 / 2020 interview   time  :  10am to 5pm interview   venue  :  BEST CALIBER CREATOR Shifa Enclave Building F Block ,  2nd Floor Rangasamy Street Chrompet ,  Chennai -  44  ( Landmark near A2B Hotel  &  near to Saravana furniture ) Contact person :  devika Contact  or whatsapp number :  7305394455 Documents to be carried for the  interview   :    1 )  Any one of your PHOTO ID Proof [Original] . 2 )  Print out of this Call Letter . 3 )  Bring your updated resume .  for more details  :  www . bestcalibercreator . com
Ruby Rails  developer  ;Hucon solution s India Private Limited;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;3 - 4 Years;750000 - 950000;Job Description Experience in architecting ,  designing and building large components of or entire  applications  Work in an agile environment where quick iterations and good feedback are a way of life Continually look for opportunities to improve our platform ,  process and business A good team player ,  works ,  and communicates well with others A self - driven individual Good understanding of front - end technologies ,  such as JavaScript ,  HTML5 ,  and CSS3 Familiarity with concepts of MVC ,  Mocking ,  ORM ,  and RESTful
Software  engineer   / Programmer  ,  2  -  5 years;Career Seive . com;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;2 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Opportunity for Software  engineer   / Programmer  ,  having Experience 2  -  5 years in Bengaluru  /  Bangalore  location
Software  developer  ;SKC  management   Consultancy Private Limited;Delhi;2 - 3 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Mysql  /  knowledge of SQL .  REST web servicesExperience of object oriented   programming   . Excellent experience in complete software development life cycle Must be familiar and have good experience with technology to develop RECRUITMENT SOFTWARE  / JOB PORTALS  / Apply Updates on our website .   The primary objective to hire Software  developer   is constantly Rectify  /  updates  / Apply  applications   on our Websites  , Job Portal  &  Recruitment Software and to maintain existing other software .  The position will suit most those who are staying in or around Dwarka
Software  developer    /  Software  engineer    /  PHP  developer    /  PHP Programmer;ONS Tech;Mohali ,  Chandigarh;0 - 1 Years;80000 - 150000;Job Description Note :  Apply only if you are available to work on the specified JOB  location  i . e .  MOHALI  ,  PANCHKULA  We are looking for SERIOUS CANDIDATES who are looking to excel there skills in the field of web development . Candidate should have a basic understanding of - 1 .  PHP 2 .  MySql 3 .  Javascript 4 .  HTML / CSS 5 .  Bootstrap Regular tasks will be allocated to the selected candidate and he / she will need to report every day about the output and process which was followed to achieved the task .  Candidate should be SINCERE ,  PUNCTUAL and HARD WORKER .  Note :  Apply only if you are available to work on the specified JOB  location  i . e .  MOHALI  ,  PANCHKULA
Software  engineer   required for Canada /   australia  /  Germany /  Hong Kong;Aosta Overseas Careers;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore ,  Chennai;2 - 11 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Develops information systems by designing ,  developing ,  and installing software solution s . Determines operational feasibility by evaluating analysis ,  problem definition ,   requirement s ,  solution  development ,  and proposed solution s . Develops software solution s by studying information needs ,  conferring with users ,  and studying systems flow ,  data usage ,  and work processes . Investigates problem areas . Follows the software development lifecycle . Documents and demonstrates solution s by developing documentation ,  flowcharts ,  layouts ,  diagrams ,  charts ,  code comments and clear code . Prepares and installs solution s by determining and designing system specifications ,  standards ,  and   programming   . Improves operations by conducting systems analysis and recommending changes in policies and procedures . Obtains and licenses software by obtaining required information from vendors ,  recommending purchases ,  and testing and approving products . Protects operations by keeping information confidential . Provides information by collecting ,  analyzing ,  and summarizing development and service issues . Accomplishes  engineer  ing and organization mission by completing related results as needed . Feel free to contact us on +91 7358166991 Email :  [HIDDEN TEXT]
Software  developer    -   australia  / Canada HYSan;A V Immigration And Careers Consultancy Private Limited; australia  ,  Canada;9 - 14 Years;1800000 - 3000000;Job Description Suggested Job Duties : • If you are considering a job as Software  developer   here is a list of the most standard responsibilities and duties for the Software  developer   position . • Evaluate ,  assess and recommend software and hardware solution s . • Develop software ,  architecture ,  specifications and technical interfaces . • Develop user interfaces and client displays . • Design ,  initiate and handle technical designs and complex application features . • Develop ,  deliver and test software prototypes . • Assist software personnel in handling ongoing tasks as required . • Build flexible data models and seamless integration points . • Innovate and develop high - value technology solution s to streamline processes . • Initiate and drive major changes in programs ,  procedures and methodology . • Coordinate with other  developer  s and software professionals .
Software  developer  ;POSIDEX TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD;Hyderabad  /  Secunderabad;1 - 2 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Job Description : Skill Set :  Core Java ,  Adv Java ,  Spring   framework      s ,   hibernate  Experience :  1 to 2+ yearsNotice Period :   immediate  and 15 daysJob  location  :  Begumpet ,  Hyderabad Note :  Candidate should have good knowledge in mentioned skill set and client facing attitude .  Good in communication as well .
Software  engineer   / Programmer  ,  3  -  4 years;Blue Chip Hr solution s;Chennai;3 - 4 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Description :   Opportunity for Software  engineer   / Programmer  ,  having Experience 3  -  4 years in Chennai  location
Software  developer  ;SAW IT Services Private Limited;Noida;3 - 5 Years;800000 - 1600000;Job Description Work with  developer  s to design algorithms and flowcharts . Produce clean ,  efficient code based on specifications . Integrate software components and third - party programs . Verify and deploy programs and systems . Troubleshoot ,  debug and upgrade existing software . Gather and evaluate user feedback . Work with  developer  s to design algorithms and flowcharts . Produce clean ,  efficient code based on specifications . Integrate software components and third - party programs . Verify and deploy programs and systems . Troubleshoot ,  debug and upgrade existing software . Gather and evaluate user feedback .
Software  developer   Software  engineer  ;Deuce Healthcare solution s Private Limited;Bengaluru  /  Bangalore;3 - 5 Years;Not Specified;Job Description Responsibilities : · LAMP Stack -  3 to 5 years  ( Required ) · Python ,  Javascript ,  Angular ,  HTML5 ,  CSS3 · Building dynamic web app using PHP ,  MySQL · Deliver quality code supported by good documentation and tests . · Solve complex problems with simple architectural solution s . · Develop solution  Prototype . · Design and implement optimized database schema for new features · Resolving technical problems as they arise . · Continually researching current and emerging technologies and proposing changes needed . Required Qualifications : · Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology or equivalent in Computer Science or related field . · 3 to 5 years of experience in LAMP technologies . · Strong experience with data structures ,  algorithms and databases · Strong knowledge / understanding of OOP · Good communication and collaboration skills in a team environment · Strong organizational and leadership skills . · Experience in Nodejs is plus . · Experience in developing application in docker container is plus
